One Trick Ponies
It's A Stealth Mission!
16 JUN 2025
Runners
Otters aka Roadkill
Echo
Ruxpin
Bug
Breeze

Over dinner, Breeze catches Echo up on the team’s latest mission, as Aradia splits off for a bit to check in local sex workers and do some light organizing. She’s also researching the situation in Salem, the UK and Tuscany. The team rests up, and the next day hit up Mx. Seven to follow through on having dinner together. Echo decides to seduce them, and after realizing that 7 doesn’t seem to have any particular preferences or feelings around gender, requests that they perform masculinity a bit more for the evening, which they do.

The team all tries to mine for data, but feel afterwards that 7 learned more about them than they learned about 7. 7 manages to avoid answering directly about Null society or verifying org chart questions, but does confirm that they are individual intelligences and not a hive mind or CFD-style copies. 7 also confirms that they are using a high-end, lifelike drone body and not a wimp clone, saying that the newest Spinrad models are so good they are actually a better choice than wimps, which 7 has found some “outerworld beings” to have ethical issues with.

Echo books a love hotel and the two split off from the rest of the group eventually, with 7 offering a variety of genitalia installation options before they settle on a choice. Echo is trying to play some social manipulator games to glean more but finds 7 is, though naive and odd in many ways, quite mentally adroit, so once again maybe gives away a little more than they get. They have some mechanical sex, with 7 seeming more curious and observant than engaged. But Echo feels like this is a good first step in trying to corrupt 7 with empathy to gradually get a useful wedge when needed.

The team starts scouting the AZT warehouse, and finds it pretty heavily defended. To get ready for an infiltration, Echo starts wandering up, posing as a drunk seeking someone who owes them money (and possibly more?) inside the fenced and guarded facility, and gets chased off by guards, while also starting to become more familiar with them. After thorough drone and long distance spotting, with Otters doing a flyby with eye drops to make sure there are no surface mana wards, the team makes a plan. Breeze and Bug will infiltrate, carrying the map drones and data tap/transmitters.

Otters will run the map drones remotely while keeping an eye on comms and noise, and Mx. 7 should have access ability as the team plants the taps throughout the offline/hardwired facility. Ruxpin will be in one of the VTOLs ready to deploy for emergency rescue, and Echo will be in character out front to distract the main guard post as needed. Since they have the other guard patrols well-spotted and mapped, they feel good about the aboveground areas, and since the warehouse stops work at night, they feel good about going in in the dark. The unknown will be whatever they encounter underground once they take the freight elevator down.

Otters scouts out the Hudson River side, and finds no tunnels or entrances, seeing that this whole complex is built on top of “new” land made of compressed and stabilized rubble and trash, expanding Manhattan a bit using the debris from the quakes. It seems solid and well-build, and Ruxpin and Otters confirm with both Magnus Jam and Eduard Cabrera that there aren’t any Underground tunnels connected into the new build trash land expansions, though both say that probably over time some will be extended out that way. For now though, it looks like the “through the top” plan remains the only option, so they proceed.

Otters drops off Bug first, on the warehouse roof, via stealth VTOL. Bug crawls over to one of the corner turrets, and carefully pries open the casing from above, slotting in the first tap. 7 announces they have signal, and tell the team to proceed. Otters drops off Breeze, with some new climbing gear, and both runners slip over the roof edge and clamber down the wall, with 7 keeping sensors and turrets from noticing them. One of the large bay doors cracks open and allows them to slide under. Echo, out front, makes another approach and gets chased off, keeping the gate guards from looking towards the warehouse.

Slipping into the warehouse, they let loose the first mapping drone, and Otters starts using it to map the level and keep an eye on the two foot patrols inside the massive structure. Breeze and Bug sneak over to the freight elevator that leads down, and Breeze bypasses the maglock on the cage door. Bug steps in and hides, plugging in another tap to the elevator controls, with 7 saying that this is on a separate system from the exterior defenses. Breeze gets up on the roof of the elevator, and carefully removes some Fresnel fabric panelling to break the Faraday cage and allow signal into the basement as they proceed.

7 bypasses the retinal and palm scanners, and gets the elevator moving as Breeze steps in, and Otters reports the guards are far enough away not to notice. Having seen people enter the elevator at night and then leave it down, they hope it won’t alert suspicions tonight. They ride surprisingly far done, 20+ meters, and emerge into a maze of hallways and adjoining chambers. Doors are labelled in a mix of Aztlaner Spanish, Neo-Nauhatl, and French, which Ruxpin and Echo help remotely translating, as the team starts exploring, carefully trying to avoid guard patrols and scientists and mages moving about the halls and from room to room.

They loose another few map drones for Otters to control, and 7 takes charge of one to maintain a good comms connection, as Otters notices the noise is quite bad down here, even with the elevator altered by Breeze. They split up to cover more ground, doing a good job sneaking while trying to navigate the labyrinthine facility. The rooms seem to be a combo of labs, libraries, ritual rooms, housing, staff support and so on, but with no hints of what they’re up to here. Breeze eventually gets turned around, but ends up finding the security spider’s room, who it looks like 7 fried to gain some system control without detection.

Breeze, with some tips from Otters and Ruxpin, stages the scene to look like an accidental overdose, swapping around some drugs and chems in the auto-injector hooked up to the TM’s medical couch. He also plugs in another tap in the room. Otters has to use a few drones to keep a comms chain open to Bug, who finally reaches the far end of the facility, and finds a surprise: a small moon pool, with 3 mini-subs and a control panel. He plants a tap in the panel and one of the subs, and also spots two strange, decorative jars placed on either side of the chamber, near the pool.

7 reports that they have enough data, and with everyone still straining to avoid getting spotted by the staff (the facility seems to house close to 100 between guards and researchers and maintenance/support), the team decides not to push their luck and exfil. This time, since they were thus far undetected, 7 tells them to take the taps with them, so they pull the as they pull back. Both Otters’ drone and Bug almost get spotted, but manage to slip into a doorway or duck around a corner just in time. They link up with Breeze back at the elevator, and ascend.

Breeze hops up on the roof again after Otters confirms the guards are far enough away, and pops the Fresnel panel back into place. They put the elevator lock back together as best they can, and sneak out, climbing back up the wall to the roof, as Echo makes their final approach, this time getting tased to really distract the guards. Otters sends VTOLs over after dropping Ruxpin back at the safehouse, and picks up both the runners on the roof with no issue. 7 says they will share the intel once they have it, but need to spend some time processing and decrypting.

The team rests, and talks more about visiting Salem, but decide to wait for Aradia, knowing she is quite interested. They get up late after a couple long nights of recon followed by the mission, and get the initial report from 7, who reports that the facility is apparently called LAUNCHPAD, which seems to exist to service and study a second facility called AIRLOCK, which is accessed via the mini-subs. Apparently there is a secret water route! With analysis from the sub’s nav system and the facility in general, they determine that AIRLOCK is likely located on, under, or near Governor’s Island, which confusingly is fully owned and operated by ARES. A little confused, the team waits to hear back about next steps, but is happy to be out of favor debt to the Null.

They head to a meeting the next day with Cat, SPYder, 7 (back to their gender neutral drone settings and presentation), after the team talks Breeze out of engaging in some inappropriate cultural appropriation wear after he tries to dress up for the occasion and really misses the mark. The team is also introduced to Alaric Samsa, a Dwarven financial analyst for STV that Cat has hired to analyze and confirm the MCT data that the Null have been selling to her/GW. He looks a bit rumpled but seems to know his biz. He’s also been helping analyze the latest tranch of data from LAUNCHPAD.

The four non-team members take turns briefing the team on what was found at LAUNCHPAD and what they expect they may encounter at AIRLOCK: a portal to Dis, long rumored to be present in town, under AZT’s control. SPYDer has been running some stealthed LIDAR drones over the island, and found four promising sites to investigate, that could lead to accessways to whatever kind of hidden underground zone AZT has taken control of. The problem is, there are live fire training exercises run by ARES atop the island with much regularity.

So, the team negotiates some pay with Cat after agreeing to the surveillance job, and then split off to start planning, not wanting to reveal (yet) their possession of a high end submarine. Breeze, Ruxpin and Echo decide to get hired on as mercs to act as opps forces in the training exercises, having heard that Winter Systems hires out these gigs, and that the live ammo “should” be non-letha. Aradia and Otters will approach and scout via sub and drone, trying to find whatever tunnel or sea cave AZT is using to access their secret facility via mini-sub.

The team also starts debating telling Grey Cell about their current Null alliance, with Echo thinking about some how’s, when’s and why’s to do so diplomatically. The team decides they should bring it up, but decides to talk a bit more about the specifics before doing so.