What To Give The Man Who Has Nothing
My Goal is to Throw a Bear
23 JUN 2025
Runners
Otters aka Roadkill
Aradia
Echo
Ruxpin
Breeze

First off, the team decides it’s time to get good with Grey Cell, and call up Fargus Sol. Luckily, Echo has prepared a bit as Breeze, as usual, is quick to dial. They explain to Fargus that they are in a temporary alliance with the Null Sect, which he seems understandably concerned about, but they explain a little more about the parameters of their work, as well as pitching it as a good source of intel about the still mysterious entities. Fargus requests a compiled dossier to be couriered to him offline, which the team starts compiling, and Breeze also asks for GC help moving the team around to Boston and also to the location, possibly in or near Cameroon, where the Tarot meta-map points to.

Fargus agrees, excited by the prospect of new Tarot mysteries, and says he will also try to gather what intel GC has on the Null to share with the team in exchange for their dossier. He also says they will need to all be cautious who they tell about this, as many runners, especially TM’s, would consider any work with the Null a betrayal. The team explains that this is why Heat left, and Breeze ponders his own feelings further- he views them as travellers and refugees of a sort, and not inherently harmful, for now. Echo also briefs Fargus on the strangely clinical, though mechanically effective, sexual encounter they had with Explorer Primary Seven, Fargus is at this point so surprised by everything that this only minimally phases him.

Next up, Breeze calls Swen Rellik to get the lead on a local fighting ring where he and Ruxpin can spar, as they have been wishing to. They set terms of the fight- no weapons, no armor, but Ruxpin in bear form. They get an invite to a private event at an Eastside yuppie club called Eelite-$, and Otters gets into character as Ruxpin’s “handler.” They show up and find a crowd of eager mid-level managers and money-movers cutting loose. Aradia spots a lot of escorts of various genders in the crowd, and Echo keeps an eye out for any potential threats, only finding a couple who seem interested in hiring the bear for an amorous encounter.

The bar’s proprietor, Timezone, a Dwarf with a shaved head and a massive split globe timezone tat wrapped around it, as well as dozens of watches and timepieces strapped to both arms beneath his rolled up jacket sleeves, introduces the fighters. Ruxpin definitely gets a bigger pop that Breeze, though people seems excited to see a man fight a bear in general. They go a few rounds, with Breeze repeatedly getting god holds and then failing to throw Ruxpin while dodging about, until Ruxpin gets a hit in, luckily remembering to pull his punch at the last moment, and not killing Breeze.

The crowd goes wild, and Breeze goes for one more grab and throw, fails, and then taps out. Everyone’s a little underwhelmed with the conclusion, though Timezone offers Ruxpin and Otters more work in a secret fight club, if they want to ascend “The Ladder”. This is what Breeze has been seeking during his time in NYC, but he seems not to have impressed and doesn’t get an invite. Someone tries to buy him a drink, which he refuses on principle, after which everyone ignores him and he leaves. Aradia heads outside and heals him a bit, with the rest of the team soon following.

Otters does some further first aid, and Echo gets Breeze a ticket to a pottery class and some kiln time to take his mind off it all. Then, the team start looking into how to get onto Governor’s Island to scout out the ARES training facility there and see if they can find the secret AZT lab hidden below. Breeze, Ruxpin, and Echo all get new mid-range SINs similar to their own backstories to pose as vets and stunties, and get recruited to act as live fire opps to the ARES trainees, via Winter Systems, who hire on mercs and freelancers for those roles. Otters and Aradia plan to approach via sub and check out the underwater areas of the island, but first do a flyby in the astral and with Morticia.

They spot some impressive defenses, including coastal batteries and large numbers of patrolling drones and mid-force spirits. They also see that a southern portion of the island has been cordoned off, and when Aradia masks herself and slips through, she finds that the area is crawling with feral Basilisks. Possibly a reserve for security critters, or possibly a population out of control, or maybe some sort of survival training zone. Regardless, one of the four spots SPYder spotted is there, so the fake merc trio split up the sites, with Echo and Ruxpin taking one each and the sneakier Breeze taking two, including the more dangerous southern one.

Otters and Aradia hop in the sub and sail over, stealthily, carefully investigating the island while avoiding ARES sensors near the surface. Following some slight astral different, they eventually find a heavy duty, but slightly meshed, security door mounted on the underside of a rock shelf where the island’s base cuts back suddenly. It would be invisible unless you were right below it as they are. There is a keypad that looks to be sized for a manipulator arm, like the ones Otters and Bug saw on the mini-subs in LAUNCHPAD, and seems sized to allow those subs entry. Aradia has a spirit check it out after not detecting any wards, and it looks to be about 1-2 decades old, probably not much older.

They assume that the fine mesh on the door allows water to pass, keeping the area above from pressurizing and allowing smoother operation, and that there is another moon pool somewhere above them in the guts of the island. With their recon complete for now, they head back to the CTRL Salt Del to await the others. The faux mercs all smoothly get themselves assigned to exercises that will allow them to sneak about a bit in their designated areas- searching, hiding, and live fire capture the flag, respectively. Echo pulls a social con to appear a little out of shape and falling behind, Ruxpin just slips off into the brush, ignoring his instinct to follow any commander, and Breeze finds a good hiding spot and ditches the rest of his crew.

All three’s initial investigations prove fruitless, as Ruxpin and Echo find two shallow hiding spots that appear cavelike from above, but don’t lead anywhere. They make note of their potential for future concealment needs however. Ruxpin just sits down and “hide” for the rest of the day, though is spotted and shot with gel rounds a few times. Echo shoots themselves with their gel round shotgun and then limps back to their group. Breeze finds a cave, but it’s a dead end, which is just as well, as a small Basilisk nest has set up in there. They seem more inclined to protect their eggs than give chase however, so he flees successfully.

Breeze slips further away and finds the walled-off area on the southern tip of the island. He scales the wall, and carefully holds onto the tensioned razorwire atop it as he cuts it. He slips through the small gap, and drops to the other side, leaving behind his heavier armor jacket to rely on his sneaking suit. He almost gets spotted by Basilisks a few times but manages to dodge them, eventually arriving at the final point of interest SPYder had flagged. This one seems promising- there is a visible pile of rocks at the back of the cave that looks a little too picture perfect to be a natural collapse. However, there are also two scorched Basilisk corpses just inside the cave mouth, so Breeze decides to head back for now.

All three get paid for the day, with some special accolades for Breeze from the instructors, as none of the trainees ever found him before the all clear was called. They meet up with the other two runners and together make a plan for the next day’s followup. The three faux mercs sign up again, and Aradia prepares her astral form and disguise for some magical backup. Otters sends a snake drone along with Breeze, but is mostly waiting as backup exfil in case things go very wrong. The team also does a little research, and then contacts 7 to do more, and find a list of “missing persons” from amongst the trainees and opps forces on the island, which 7 manages to parse through for suspiciously clean SINs. The assumption is that AZT may have snuck people onsite over the years, the same way that the team is infiltrating.

So they pick 3 of the people on the list, and disguise themselves as them, with Aradia magicking their clothes to look like slightly out of date AZT corpo fashion, just in case they run into a situation they can talk their way through. They pack their new duds separately or wear them under their armor, and head back to ARES island. They all get assigned to different areas again, figuring they’ll be less likely to get noticed splitting off if they aren’t together, and manage to meet where Breeze cut the wire, after some slight navigational fumbles, which Otters helps smooth over since the team is still on comms. They get over the wall, and Breeze, bored, races off ahead while Ruxpin and Echo try to set up a combat maneuver. This, along with more navigation confusion, leads to a small squabble that luckily doesn’t attract any Basilisks.

Aradia, on astral overwatch, sees things heating up and steps in via manifestation, quickly smoothing things over with Echo’s subtle assistance. They get back underway and quickly reach the cave. Doing some quick investigation, they determine that the fired Basilisks were killed by magic, and look to have tried to turn and flee but were overwhelmed. With that, Aradia announces she will do some astral recon, and reenters the astral. She quickly spots 2 bound high force Fire Spirits, but is forced to retreat while defending herself, unable to land any blows with her focus blade. Once back at the yacht, and in the crash couch for her wounds, she calls the others and fills them in, telling them to look for two magicky objects that the spirits are fettered to.

Ruxpin races in and starts excavating, as the spirits manifest and Echo and Breeze try to hold them off, with Echo focused on defense and Breeze attempting to strike back, with some success- his natural form seems to bypass the spirit’s immunity to manufactured weapons. Ruxpin finds two old iron spikes driven into the ground as he gets down in the rock pile, also unearthing a cave passage that was artfully concealed. He yanks out the spikes and chucks one outside the cave. It pulls one of the spirits along with it, but the spirit responds by unleashing a magical attack on Echo.

Seeing that the spikes both have glowing runes, Breeze grabs one and smashes the rune end into some rocks until the attached spirit vanishes, and then Ruxpin bullrushes through the one in the entrance to do the same to the spike he threw outside. With all 3 on fire, they spend a minute putting each other out before proceeding. They enter a fairly maze-like cave and tunnel system, though this seems to be the only connection to the surface. They find some dead ends, and hints at old underground infrastructure and installations, based on the age of the rusted metal frames and odds and ends that remain.

Eventually, they find their way to a newer, intact door- also looks to have been installed in the last few decades, with an attached keycard entry system. Breeze bypasses the anti-tamper circuit on the casing, pops it open, and gets the door unlocked, as they all change into their disguises and leave their armor carefully stacked. They slip the door, and find themselves in a lit cavern, sloping slightly downwards. They are amidst some stalactites and stalagmites, with only low emergency lighting, but can hear sounds of activity and see brighter lights ahead, downslope, with one of the lights being an odd, sickly purple.

Echo and Ruxpin hang back, with Breeze moving ahead, being the best sneak in the group. He spots a number of kit-built prefab structures set up by the shore of a pool, with the cavern floor and ceiling both descending, eventually, down into the water. There is a dock there, with a mini-sub moored. He also sees around a dozen of AZT’s high-end Jaguar Guards on patrol, through they seem to be gathered around the source of the purple light at the moment, alongside some researcher types. He sees a strange arched gate with a glowing oval of odd light inside it, seemingly carved into the stone of the cavern wall, though looking quite ancient.

As he watches, the light flares briefly and as his vision resets with the help of his contacts, he sees a group of 6 scientists seemingly step through from nowhere into the cave chamber. The other researchers eagerly swarm them, after a few of the guards seem to do some sort of scan or check and allow them through. Breeze sneaks a little further down, to get a look at the security by the moon pool, and see auto turrets, and electrifiable fence that covers most of the water, and a ton of cables running everywhere, for both data transmission and power- nothing wireless going on. Even Breeze is able to detect that between the cave, the water, and the portal, there is some intense noise down here, and even his own PAN is having trouble communicating with it’s various components.

Seeing that the guards are starting to spread back out into a more regular patrol, Breeze decides it’s time to go, and slips back to the others. Unfortunately, Echo is spotted by one pair of guards, who give chase, spotting Ruxpin in the process as well. They race for the door, with Breeze reaching it first and fucking with the lock to try to delay their pursuers. Ruxpin and Echo "bear"ly make it through, with autofire rounds cracking into the door as Breeze slams and locks it behind them. They all grab their armor, and race through the tunnels, retracing their steps to the surface, hoping that AZT won’t pursue them out into the open. Pausing at the cave entrance, they drag the burnt Basilisk corpses further in, hoping to attract predators now that the Fire Spirits are gone.

They re-armor, and sneak back to the wall, with Breeze participating in the maneuver this time with no complaints, although he seems unable to benefit from it for some reason. They climb back over, and patch together the cut wire to cover their tracks, returning back to their assigned areas. Having missed so much of their respective training exercises, they are getting a rep as shirkers, so it’s unclear how many more times they may be able to return. They do get paid again, and link up with the others. They report into 7 on their good intel and bad exfil, and 7 probes them for details, seeming to think they can work with the fact the team was disguised as potential undercover AZT scouts from back in the day, especially since the corp seems to have some internal drama ongoing.

Hoping the Null can salvage something from this, the team is still impressed by what Breeze saw- a true portal to Dis, right in (well, off the shore of) Manhattan! The rumors are true, and it seems like 7 is eager to get there, telling the team it will take a little bit to prepare but to ready themselves for more work soon. They also hear back from Grey Cell, having delivered the dossier, they now receive a briefing in return. Apparently, GC has intel on another encounter with a Null “Explorer”, this one Explorer Primary Four, in Seattle. 4 is in a high end Dwarf anthrodrone, and after tracing back the model, some runners found out that the body was made and paid for by an internal Spinrad funding source. There are apparently 9 of the high end drones out in the world, having been built all in one batch.

The team decides this bears further investigation, especially since some of them remember that their first encounter with embodied Nulls were in Denver, after Spinrad launched their new anthrodrone line, allowing for life-like remote attendance and participation in conferences, meetings, etc. Ruxpin splits off to train with Nazira (and probably fuck some too), while hopefully also tracking down a bit of intel. Nazira also inquires if Ruxpin and the others might be available for additional security for the upcoming Met(a) Gala, finally arrived in town, and Ruxpin agrees to it.

The rest of the team debates next steps, and where they want to head next, with some interesting different things to look into…