Surveilling ANIMUS
Aradia's Second Solo Mission!
30 JUN 2025
Runners
Otters aka Roadkill
Aradia
Echo
Breeze

The team gets excited about Met(a) Gala stuff coming up in a few days, but decides to take Grey Cell up on their offer of intel on how to get tickets, instead of going as security, since Ruxpin is already planning to cover that angle. GC apparently has a lead on a local heiress and influencer whose prize corgi has been dognapped, and think that if the team were to retrieve the dog, the heiress could likely get them all in in thanks (as she has advertised that, quietly, as one potential payment for the task). The team agrees, and GC says they’ve been hearing some disturbing stuff out of the EuroZone between ANIMUS and Dis intel, and want the team to make some connections at the Gala, as many of the assorted personages there will be headed across the Atlantic to catch the pre-game of this year’s Grand Tour. So they want to team to know some of them ahead of time, and make use of the Grand Tour to move around Europe and continue their investigations.

With that set up, the team has a few days to kill, until they hear from Mx. 7- the Null have finished decrypting the full data set from the ANIMUS lab that the team (well, Aradia) infiltrated recently. Most of the data is detailed project, patient, and staff info, useful for sure but not of special interest to the team. They sell this all to Vida Nova for a big payday, as promised. They also get the clear text of the message that was on the data chip that Aradia delivered to the facility medical head- it’s a message, but it seems to be in some sort of code or coded reference. The team spends a little bit puzzling it out, involving both astrology and local party politics history, and realize that their is some kind of high level status check meeting about ANIMUS scheduled for the next night!

Otters sends Morticia over to scout the building where the meeting will take place from the outside, while the rest of the team heads over on foot via transit. Otters manages to spot 2 other runners in disguises who seem to also be scouting the building out, via the glass dome giving a view into the airy and open 5th and 6th floor lounge, cafe, and work space atrium. They do some kind of sneaky biz as they are leaving, pretending to spill a coffee as building staff usher the last group out for the day. Otters decides to review the footage later, and stay on the pair from above for now. She tells the rest of the team who to look out for, but then unfortunately sees all 3 of the others quickly get made by 2 other members of the opposing team.

Otters tell them all to back off, and keeps on their tail with Morticia, who remains unnoticed, following them up to a meeting at a park on the East River. Carefully swooping around to get a view on the occupant of the other car, Otters is disturbed to see Hype himself! It seems he is also close on the tail of ANIMUS, and Otters knows from her Tarot vision who bad it could get if Hype ends up in possession of the tech. She reports back on this to the team, and they all gather back at the CTRL Salt Delete to review the footage.

After cleaning it up a bit and zooming in, they see that one of the runners, a mage, uses a Shape Stone spell while wiping up her spilled coffee, to make a narrow but deep cylindrical hole in the floor. The other runner drops down to help clean, and slips what looks like a surveillance mic with a long handle on the base into the hole, before the woman closes it up again. They then stand up, having finished cleaning, and exit. Aradia pays Kobold to do some digging on occupants of the building, and gets good intel on what all the floors are used for. Based on where the other team placed the mic, they must be surveilling the same meeting, as it is scheduled to take place the next night and seems almost surely to be taking place in the most secure central 4th floor conference room.

They discuss trying to hack the mic, but Echo assures them it is almost surely not wireless on and will have to be manually retrieved, so they instead decide to sneak in early and grab it first. For an especially nefarious twist, they decide to swap it for a defused grenade with a false message from Hype, to make it look like a betrayal by him. Otters manufactures the device, being careful to make it look like the explosive was accidentally defused when placing it in the similar mic casing. Aradia meanwhile heads to ArcAnna’s Cabana to learn the Shape Stone spell, which she is happy to teach, as she enjoys utility magic.

With that ready, Breeze and Echo get on-site and start keeping an eye out, lightly disguised, for the other team or any other suspicious activity. Aradia heads into the cafe area, having disguised herself as someone Echo saw head into the bathroom a short while ago. Aradia slips into a bathroom as well, before the other figure emerges, and Echo exits the building at closing time, along with the rest of the crowd. Aradia makes herself Invisible and Levitates herself into a ceiling corner of the bathroom, wrapping herself in Silence as well for good measure, and Masking all of it.

After a pair of security guards sweep the floor and it fully closes down, Aradia waits for the word from the outside team, checking comms in bursts in case anyone is monitoring for constant transmissions. Breeze eventually spots one of the opps team members on an adjacent rooftop, with Echo having pointed out some good observation spots, and Breeze comes up with a sneaky plan to distract them when needed. Echo spots the arrival of a series of a 1/2 dozen armored, tinted cars, dropping people off at the construction entrance at the back of the building, but doesn’t get a good look at who enters, with security guards blocking sight lines and the vehicles pulled right up the door.

Otters waits nearby in the sub, with VTOLs ready for emergency extraction as needed. After a tense hour-ish, the cars start returning and picking people up, and once the last one has left, Breeze calls the building security for the rooftop opps team member, and gets security to head up there and start bothering them. Once this kicks off, Echo tells Aradia it’s go time, and she slips out of the bathroom and over to the area where the mic was hidden, shaping the stone open and retrieving it, and swapping in the false grenade. Unfortunately, she doesn’t hear much inside her own Silence spell, and is barely warned in time by Echo to get clear, closing up the stone floor again just as two of the opps team Levitate down from a hole they’ve shaped in the glass dome ceiling.

Aradia is Masking as a rat at first, and then switches to a bug and decides to make a (slow) run for it, using the other team’s exit as it presented itself. The other team quickly gets down, and the mage opens the floor, and then chucks the grenade away in surprise and fear. Unfortunately, her companion is quick on the trigger and a good shot, and blasts it in mid-air, causing a large detonation, which blows out.a section of window, blasting out onto the street below. The opps team hurriedly ascend, going Invisible as they do, with Aradia barely getting out of their way ahead of them. She heads down to street level and meets up with the other 2, and they take a tense maglev ride back to the safehouse, where they link up with Otters.

Aradia takes the mic out of her Faraday pouch, and with Echo acting as a touchlink, they manage to grant Kobold access, and she makes quick work of the decryption and disarming of the data bomb, as well as making sure the device isn’t broadcasting signal (luckily the stealth surveillance tech works in the teams favor here). They do a little computer clean-up on the recording, pay Kobold for her services, and settle in to listen. It’s a pretty interesting meeting, with Jonathan Blake and Indica Meiers both in attendance, along with an MCT banker, 2 ANIMUS doctors (the heads of each facility), a rep from the Atlantean Foundation (who the team assumes must also be Black Lodge), and one mysterious man named Bellflower who seems to command the others’ attention and respect.

The two program leads give an unrealistically rosy survey of where the program is at, based on all the data that the team has seen, while also acknowledging some of the failures and memory recurrences that have been plaguing them. Bellflower eventually says they will continue, and encourages them to seek “field boosters” that could be administered without patient knowledge, and without needing anyone to be brought in. Everyone seems to think this is currently unreasonable, but agrees to look into it further. The group at the meeting seems especially concerned with memories returning to someone they only refer to as “the Widow”, their most prominent patient to date, who the team infers must be Gabrielle al’Thani.

As this implies that she doesn’t currently know what the team does about her past activities and involvement in her husband’s death, and since the team now also knows some of the plans ANIMUS has for dealing with or containing her, they decide they should make an approach to her at the Gala in a few days, since it will be relatively public and safe. For now, they decide to sell all this to Vida Nova as well, although informing her that they plan to act on some intel that they put together with other things they know, so it isn’t exactly a full exclusive.

VN is happy to go along with this, and easily agrees to pay the fee that Aradia proposes, expecting to be negotiated down some. She instantly realizes she probably could have asked for more, but regardless the team gets very well paid, and makes a solid contact of VN. They talk a bit about what to tell Grey Cell as well, and decide to have the convo with Gabby first. The next day, they hear from Piper Jinx, who seems quite upset, and reveals that someone (who the team ID’s as Bellflower) posed as a local fixer and lured a bunch of local investigative reporters to an ambush where they were all killed. Piper only avoided joining them because she sent a drone along, fearing for her safety still.

With the team not really giving her any further intel, they feel she trusts them less than she once did. Otters, unable to establish a codependent parental relationship with Breeze (yet) calls up Heat and leaves a message, asking how he’s doing and what he’s up to. Heat sends back a crying face emoji, with a link to a news article on the discovery that morning of the mutilated corpse of an Ork man in the East River- did the team actually manage to get Hype killed with their sneaky little subterfuge? They start thinking through it, and realize that Hype, not knowing anything had gone wrong, aside from maybe hearing that there an explosion, would likely still have gone to the meet, and if the opps team sought him out there, he probably wouldn’t have been expecting an attack, at least initially.

However, the heavy damage to the body also suggests he could have faked his own death, so the team doesn’t feel fully secure yet. They do also get a strange message of thanks from someone calling themselves “Mr. Dowd” and offering to “reset their relationship”. The team assumes this is some new figure in the Dawkins Group, and Otters is intrigued to see that someone using that handle is already active on Jackpoint. Debating what this could mean, they decide it is likely mostly good, and start spending some of their newly acquired payday and getting their looks ready for the Gala.