Glory Wormhole
Where Fashion Meets Magic and Technology!
7 JUL 2025
Runners
Otters aka Roadkill
Aradia
Echo
Breeze

The time has finally come for the Met(a) Gala! And the team needs to secure their tickets, to make some connections and people watch, before heading to Europe to use the Grand Tour as cover for their continued investigations. Ruxpin and Bug have both contracted with Spinrad (the primary sponsors of this year’s event) to act as additional security, and will initially be doing sec work on a train headed into town with a troupe of Asamandan Ghoul dancers and a large collection of rare artifacts from Evo/Buttercup’s collection. They also call up Abyssa to get info on their rent task for the Sea Dragon for May, and apparently have to do some kind of minor museum heist. She seems disinterested in confirming her plans for Gala attendance, and unimpressed by Breeze.

The rest of the crew gets in touch with Katarina Chu, the influencer heiress with the missing dog. They get details on the Corgi named Chow gene-modded to have mood effected color-shifting fur, and luckily chipped with a tracker. She also shares the footage of the dognapping itself, though it is a little chaotic and hard to make out the attackers. Aradia calls in a favor with Rin Hideki at Shiawase and gets some park footage and info on the tracker’s current location- the dense and dangerous North Woods section of the park! Otters does a fly-by with Moritica, and can’t get close enough to get a full visual, but with her thermal sensors spots somewhere between 6-12 large dogs signatures, and ID’s them as likely being Hellhounds.

She briefs the team on HH’s nature and abilities, and they plan from there. Breeze, in a rush as usual, hops on a train with Aradia and Echo tagging along, while Otters pushes for more preemptive planning, but Breeze figures the longer they wait the less likely it is to find a living dog. Aradia and Echo swing by a pet store, and grab a small dog carrier and a bunch of gerbils. The clerks are very confused at the combination, especially when Aradia tries to clarify that it’s “temporary”, but they have White Passes and their money spends, so off they go.

Aradia summons an Air spirit, and has it approach the Merlin Hawks in the park, offering more gerbils to hunt in trade for intel on the Hellhounds. On arriving, they find the spirit may have slightly over-promised, and both have to deliver all their gerbils upfront. Breeze watches, fascinated. After feasting and teaching their young to hunt the frightened pet store critters, Aradia summons another Air spirit to interpret, as one of the Hawks swoops down and perches near her. They get some dream-like images, twice re-interpreted, that seem to show 2 raggedy dognappers racing through the park into the North Woods, and then later, their chewed up corpses near a small cave, with Hellhounds picking over the scorched remains.

The Hawks had been interested in eating the colorful Chow, but know to stay away from the lower reaches of the North Woods- the team has also heard rumors of astral oddness and Barghests there. They make their approach, with Otters flying herself in via VTOL as a skilled animal handler, and landing in a small clearing the woods, where the team link up with her. Aradia hangs back and maintains spells on Echo and Breeze to mask their approach, and the slip Silently through the woods, Masked as bushes. Spotting the cave and pack ahead, they are all amused to see that Chow appears to be alive and well, and being treated in a somewhat queenly fashion by the Hellhounds, who seem entranced by her colorful fur (and perhaps other unseen genemods).

Otters thinks up a way to assert dominance to cause a distraction, and starts moving forward with Echo while doing a combination of intimidation and animal handling, while Echo also waves around a few smoke grenades and pops off a few shots into the air. With the HH’s full attention, Breeze carefully sneaks through them and sweeps Chow under his stealth cloak, sneaking off again as Echo and Otters pull out the stops to hold the HH’s attention. They then fall back through the woods, and head over to Katarina’s townhouse near the park to deliver the dog. She seems delighted by the return, and reveals that her hair has also been going wild- apparently their two hair mods are linked to both of their moods, and she really doesn’t need this while she’s getting ready for the Gala, apparently planning to pull an all-nighter for the event the next evening.

As promised, she gives the team their tickets, saying she disinvited some lesser members of her entourage to make it work. They have to go through an elaborate process of attaching the tix to their CityPasses, but it all goes smoothly. In exchange for the video of Chow lording it over the Hellhounds. which should be MeFeed gold, she also gives the team some tips on arrival times and recording rules. They head home, and realize they better all make sure they have a fancy get-up! Aradia uses a Ruthenium cloak to simulate a cool Central Park spirit and Hawk scene, Otters and Echo bust out their fancy duds from a previous fashion gig, and Breeze gets Echo to call in a Grey Cell favor to get a rush on his custom nano-outift, that can transform between Void Black, biz casual, and jumpsuit in about a minute.

They rest up, and then head to the Gala a little early, to make sure to see everyone arrive. They do spot one interesting thing right off the bat- Gabrielle al’Thani is among the first to arrive, as befits her role as primary sponsor, but Miles Lanier (the former righthand man of Richard Villiers, the deceased CEO of NeoNET) arrives “accidentally” at the same time, in a way that looks planned to Echo, as if one or both of them wanted to have a “coincidental” meeting where they maybe actually had something important to discuss. Regardless., they do it away from the PR/camera zones, so the team is left to speculate what it might be, not having wanted to risk smuggling anything in themselves. But given Spinrad’s acquisition of so much of NeoNET in the post-Boston collapse, it seems like they could have a lot to talk about.

As more guests trickles in (rockers, trid stars, socialites, the other global elite of both blood and wealth), the team spots a few notable arrivals. Jonathan Blake gives them an appraising raised eyebrow, Buttercup a small grin, Helena Chomsky a knowing look, and Abyssa and her entourage (stylishly late) a disinterested glance. 4 of the Wuxing Quints show up, a Centaur power forward from a mixed Metatype league, Alannah Gayle in her impressive Spirit-assisted gown (that the team had spied on the design for), Becky Wu Ping, overseeing Gabrielle’s garment’s functionality, and interestingly, Ryan Mercury (a drake and one of Dunkelzahn’s proteges), who seems displeased to see Nadja Daviar (or perhaps one of her duplicates, since Daviar and Mercury usually work closely together, unless they had some sort of falling out involved in her exit from the Draco Foundation and exile to the Seelie Court).

They also see Gabrielle’s step-daughter Anya Spinrad, alongside her mother Caludia Romanov- a reminder of Johnny’s playboy past, and also a power player in her own right. However, this implies that Gabrielle has been making conciliatory moves since Johnny’s death, as he had kept Anya from seeing Claudia during her early teen years after kidnapping her from the SK boarding school where Romanov had thought she would be protected. There are also reps from all the members of the MDC and various other corps. Echo and Aradia start watching for their moment to approach Gabrielle with their intel about her involvement in Johnny’s death, and others’ knowledge of it, and Breeze walks over to Jonathon Blake, deciding not to feel intimidated.

Blake gives him a mild smile, and thanks him for coming over, as he has a task for him, which Breeze, somehwat guile-less, eagerly accepts. Blake shows him a video feed that’s he tapped into- someone is following Anya Spinrad around the party! Blake doesn’t know who is sending the feed, but knows who is receiving it- Domingo “Ding” Ramos, an AZT board member and international playboy. The team assumes he’s looking for some kind of leverage of Gabrielle, and Blake says he would like them to remove the follower from the party, via means of their choosing. Otters does some signals analysis, while Aradia seduces/distracts Ding from closely watching his comm feeds. Spotting the follower via electronic warfare, Otters tells Breeze, who heads over, slipping up behind the guy and whispering a threat into his ear.

The guy turns, as if to respond, and puts his hand on Breeze’s shoulder, before bringing up his other arm with a wicked cyber-spike head straight for Breeze’s heart. Only through luck does Breeze manage to slam forward and grab the guy in a clinch, holding him tight and comm-ing Bug and Ruxpin to take the shot! He feels two impacts slam into the man as he holds him tight, and also feels some blood trickling down his own sternum from where the razor-sharp blade sliced through his armor and just barely broke flesh. He tells a nearby cater waiter to hail an auto-cab for his too drunk friend, and staggers with him around the periphery to the side entrance and loads him up, choosing a destination far away at random.

Otters follows behind Breeze, stepping on her dress a bit to use it to mop up the blood trail from the majorly dead assassin, and Echo seizes her moment, seeing Ding brush Aradia off the bum rush Gabrielle as she takes a spin through one of the PR/camera zones to show off her unique garment. Echo quietly warns her of Ramos’ approach and she leaves the photography zone, with him looking quite disappointed, and then very confused when he glances down and sees that his hired help is no longer following Anya and is instead in a cab at a weird angle. Aradia brushes him off and returns to circulating, as Echo gives Gabrielle the brief details.

They set up a meeting to share intel in a more private and secure setting, with Gabrielle promising security assurances for the team as well. Echo also says they will put together a dossier on what they know about her step-daughter being followed but that it has been dealt with for now. She thanks them, especially given how bad she could have looked in front of Claudia Romanov, the girl’s mother, and they return to moving about the party, though Ding makes an early exit soon after. Otters is approached by Rikki Nguyen, who thanks the team for selling the ANIMUS data to Evo, as he was able to rescue his friend Gramius, the ANIMUS driver, who had been heavily brain-washed by the program. This makes sense of some news the team has seen- a fire at a private hospital on Roosevelt Island, and a partial Washington Bridge closure after an embankment collapse, both following rumors of a stealth deployment of Evo Monad mercs to town through the Underground.

This implies that Evo moved quickly on their intel, raiding and destroying both main ANIMUS facilities that the team had found in the city. Rikki also warns Otters about the team’s alliance with the Null Sect, seeming like he is trying to be friendly and is legit concerned, but warning that many others won’t be as tolerant when they find out. Otters is worried about how Rikki knows in the first place, and tries to downplay it, but caught off guard, and lacking regrets, fumbles it a bit as Breeze approaches and also makes a minor hash of it, but does get Otters out of the convo at least. They decide they need to look into this a bit further, and contact Vida Nova, who tells them that she was also able to rescue her other self, and use the ANIMUS tech to reintegrate, though she seems noticeably colder and more distant, as her other self has spent the last few years experimenting on humans as viewing them as objects.

She does inform that Rikki’s mentor in Evo is the AI Dacopral, who is there lead anti-Null agent, as well as a powerful internal figure. She affirms that she doesn’t care, and can see the advantage of pursuing what alliances present themselves, so the team is less worried this will effect their standing with Evo overall, though possibly with some area of it. Aradia ends up chatting with Blake, also, reporting on the success of their task, and trying to antagonize him a bit to get some sort of reward. He ultimately promises her, personally, a favor, but presents it as somewhat of an indulgence.

They engage in some very dangerous, high-level talk about what the team’s been up to in NYC and how Blake feels about what they’ve done to ANIMUS, which Echo, watching via the TacNet, is very impressed by. Aradia holds her own, but is once again reminded that Blake is fairly terrifying, especially is his whole “master of his own domain” thing actually holds water, as it appears to so far. By the end of the convo, Aradia feels that Blake is not overly bothered by the damage to ANIMUS, as he believed certain other people involved (the CIA faction) had gotten well ahead of themselves in it’s use and exposure. He wishes the team had offered him the opportunity to keep his name out of it, and would prefer that the tech not been shared yet more widely (with Evo) but overall is not horrified at the outcome in any way. He also seems to be still trying to recruit Aradia to the Black Lodge, subtly offering power and access on a level she can hardly imagine….

For now they go their separate ways, as Echo gets a call for urgent work from Joanna Krstic, one of the Johnsons who briefed them on one of Colloton’s jobs. She says she’s been running a false flag op against the megas in town, but it’s over and she needs to leave, heading next to Dubai, where she often bases out of.and suggests they link up again there if Echo finds themselves in the region. They expect to, as Breeze has been circulating the party to get an idea of who the people and places of the forthcoming Grand Tour are- it seems like there’s a sort of pre-game, sponsored by Spinrad again, in Dubai, followed by stops in Lisbon, Prague, Paris, and London. However, there is a more important matter at hand in the moment- there is a VIP in danger of assassination at the Gala, and Krstic needs the team to get her out ASAP!

Echo agrees and negotiates pay, to be handed over on safe delivery of the VIP to a private launch strip at LaGuardia. Echo approaches the VIP, Karen King, the head of ARES Seattle, who Aradia recalls from the whole Free Seattle initiative, as one of the few delegates the team couldn’t find any real dirt on- she’s a Firewatch vet (from back when that meant something) and has a rep as a straight-shooter. Echo gives her the lowdown, and she confirms that she got the call from Krstic, and asks what the plan is. Echo asks her to spend 5 minutes making a talking points dossier on herself and then to go the bathroom.

In the meantime, Otters gets both VTOLs in the air and head to the Gala, and Breeze, Echo and Aradia head into the bathroom they chose, with Breeze and Echo disguising Echo as KK, and Aradia using spellcraft to do the same to herself. Breeze strips off his fancy new VoidBlack nano-suit, and helps KK get into when she comes into the bathroom. Echo slips out, and with 2 of KK’s four guards, circulates the party a bit, making short small talk off the dossier. Breeze scouts a path to the back entrance, and guides KK through it, with her proving surprisingly fit and quick for her age- she’s still got it. They find the one VTOL Otters managed to slip through event security waiting out back, and load KK into it, with Otters doing some fancy flying to get her to the airport fast, and undetected.

Echo ducks back in a bathroom, and Aradia emerges, leaving out the back with the other two guards, and taking a 2-car convoy away. Echo comes back out and keeps circulating, and Aradia has the two cars split as she notices a spirit following them. Luckily, Otters manages to get KK to the airport safely, and gets Breeze’s fancy suit and their pay loaded into the VTOL, as KK says into the camera that ARES has called an emergency board meeting that someone is trying to keep her from attending. So now that the distraction worked, the false KK’s just need to survive…. Aradia gets about a mile from the Gala before the other vehicle is blown up via missile, and her car comes under hack attack. They race towards the Pit/Lower East Side where Aradia can duck Underground as needed, and all ditch the car, with remaining guard and driver popping smoke grenades and pulling weapons to cover Aradia’s escape, as they all head in different directions from the vehicle.

Aradia finds a convenient spot to duck in and ditch her disguise, and swap her masking, re-emering to barely see a stealthed missile drone slowly cruising the streets, and see that her car was also blown up. Making herself not look back, she leaves, and takes public transit back to the safehouse. Meanwhile, Echo barely avoids a poison dart to the face at the Gala, from an assassin disguised as a cater waiter using a one-dart gun posing as a champagne bottle, and then getting into a fight with event security with a belt memory-blade before getting sniped by Ruxpin and Bug. One of Echo’s two guards took the hit for them, and dies spasming on the floor, foaming at the mouth, while the other guard tackles them and covers them til security gives the all-clear. Echo leaves with the last guard in the other car, and learning from Aradia’s experience, quickly gets out, ditching the disguise.

The team meets up to grab some pizzas and salads, and head back to the safehouse to meet up with Aradia, and enjoy some classic NYC cuisine, with Breeze opining that Europe is gonna be a real letdown after all this great eating. They also find the VTOL full of money waiting, and get paid before resting. In the morning they hear some major news: Vogel has been forced out at ARES and was unceremoniously escorted off the property after the midnight vote! He quickly liquidated all his holdings and hasn’t been seen since. A relatively unknown insider named Michael Bishop has taken the reigns, and Karen King seems to have used this opportunity to go a bit rogue, declaring that ARES Seattle is now not only de facto under her control, but that it is now a free agent, separate from it’s parent corp. The team has a ton of questions and things to dig into, but for now, is happy to have a new, powerful friend in Seattle.