Day Trip to Day Job
No Matter The Water
28 JUL 2025
Runners
Echo
Bug
Breeze
A Fond Farewell to:
Otters aka Roadkill
and Aradia
And Introducing:
Tenure
and Hunch

Aradia and Ruxpin arrive in Salem via train with no particular trouble while the other chunk of the team is Underground in Boston. Ruxpin quietly hangs back to support Aradia as needed, but it seems chill in Salem, on the surface so he doesn’t have a ton to do, other than standing nearby and looking tough when needed. Aradia calls up Winterhawk (who’s been doing some local research and seems a bit full of himself) and gets contact info for some locals- Aseela, a local Witch who’s friendlier than many of the Salem set, and Nathan Proudfoot, a local contact with Warpath and the NAN enclave that seized a bunch of their ancestral lands back during the Lockdown. WH is also the first of many to suggest that if Aradia truly wishes to involve herself in the mysteries and intrigues of Salem, this will need to be a much longer stay than a day trip.

She calls Aseela first, and gets the lowdown on the situation in Salem- it seems there is a bit of a 3-way conflict between most of the Witches/Wiccans/Druids, the NAN enclave, and a newer faction, a Monad group(/cult?) that has quietly arrived to town after Eliohann put out the call. Noticing that the team file is a bit outdated on current events here, Aradia asks some follow-up questions, and finds out the the nano-infected dragon has started going by Eliohann again as he progresses through his healing journey, with the Monads, led by a local woman named Eshraki, claiming that he is fully healed and stably integrated between his assorted personality fragments.

The Monads seems to want him to fly free, and soon, viewing him as a powerful leader for their people, without the corporate control many Monads had to accept to gain protection from Evo post-NanoCrisis. The Wiccans seems more cautious, but possibly also a bit paternalistic, in wanting to keep Eliohann under their care (and control) for longer to make sure he is truly healed. And the NAN enclave are worried about the potential of a dragon shedding nanites over the former QZ once again, triggering another disaster. Aseela also reports that she detects the work of a powerful PR firm behind Eliohann and the Monads, pushing their message, and thinks it is likely to be Horizon’s “Charisma Assocaites” subsid- the corp seems to have their fingers in a lot of pies in the former QZ.

Aradia gets contact info for Eshraki, as well as Thanin Realmwalker, one of the more hardline of the Wiccans, as he joined up during the Lockdown, and seems to be aiming to prove himself. Aradia reaches out to Thanin first, and finds him quite pretentious, though eventually respectful of her magical prowess. They converse a bit, and he says that there is something she could do for them: there are rumored to be lost fragments of Eliohann in some sort of secret matrix realm known as Garmonbozia (Aradia is satisfied to have some knowledge beyond Realmwalker’s ken here). She says she can likely manage that, which seems to shift his mood toward her in a positive direction, though he remains quite obnoxious.

Meanwhile, the rest of the team has finally emerged from the Underground into Smedley’s shop, and gotten back on comms. They debrief with Aradia, and decide they should all head up to Salem, but as they are doing so, they get a surprise goodbye message from Otters back in NYC, who apparently got bored watching the low activity TacNet feed and signed on for some secret, longterm Grey Cell mission, from which she isn’t sure when she will return. Echo checks the feeds on the safehouse, and is relieved to see that she just took the VTOL’s and her fancy car, but left the team van, sub, and CTRL Salt Delete behind. Otters sings out of the team feed on the TacNet, and Breeze messages a bit, confirming that she is under her own control and not kidnapped or otherwise in danger.

Echo is fairly bummed, and plans to spend an evening drinking once they get to Salem, so they head for the train, each going their own way on foot, sneakily, to try to avoid complications. Unfortunately, Breeze gets spotted by some ShadChaps members waiting at the station, and quickly gets Tazed, magically incapacitated, and injected with Gamma Scopolamine. Luckily, the attackers didn’t spot Bug or Echo, with Echo sneaking up on the mage and distracting her with a gun pressed to her back, which causes her to drop the spell freezing Breeze’s mind. He starts sending out AR broadcasts asking for help, as the attacker who Tased him stumble walks him over to the parking area, before coming under attack from Bug on an intercept course with his belt whip.

The attackers, concealing their weapons better, yell out to Minutemen security (Another Horizon subsid) about Bug swinging the whip, and some cops start approaching to intervene. Aradia hires Kobold to do some quick hacking to try to help the crew, and she manages to crash the attacker’s comms, just after they called for reinforcements. Luckily, between no comms, incoming cops and drones, and Bug and Breeze both telling very convincing version of the truth, the attackers decide their attempt is a wash and flee. Echo manages to remain hidden in the crowd, with the mage cleverly slipping away via spellcraft and trapping them in a Silence bubble to keep them from using their social prowess.

Breeze and Bug are detained after a medic confirms that GS was the drug used and that Breeze is in no immediate danger, though will be very talkative and truthful in about 45 minutes, which the cops are excited about. They get hauled to the local precinct for questioning, and Bug sticks to his story (mostly true with some elisions) while they wait for the paralytic to wear off on Breeze, who is already reasonably forthcoming via AR messaging due to his genial nature. Luckily, just as Breeze finds himself feeling his tongue loosen, both physically and metaphorically, they get cut loose, with one of the arresting officers saying he’s been told to get them back to the train, make sure they get on, and suggest they not return. They agree, and outside as they enter the back of the prowler again, Echo dashes across the street and also hops in, having been slamming coffees at a nearby restaurant and trying to figure out a plan.

They all try to keep Breeze from saying too much, though he seems to be enjoying his first time on drugs, which amuses the cop to no end. He gets them onto the train, and they discuss who could have gotten them released, since it wasn’t Kobold. They then all get a message saying it was a gesture of good faith, but one that he expects them to return, from “Mr. Dowd”, seemingly Hype’s replacement in the Dawkins Group. They are all a bit disturbed to owe a favor to a powerful and largely unknown figure, but glad to be out of the clink. They finally arrive in Salem, and all go out for drinks at a kitschy Witch bar, with Breeze once again disturbing everyone by ordering 3 fingers of milk, neat. He is a little more tempted after his inaugural drug experience, but quietly resists. Aradia grabs him a fun lil umbrella at least.

The next day, after pondering what Otters’ absence will mean for the team going forward, they get back to work. They make contact with StepMAMA, who they know has Garmonbozia connections, and may be residing there, and she confirms that in the City of Eniac in GB, there is an asylum for lost and shattered AI, and that there are rumored to be fragments stored there of Eliohann/Cerberus (his digital persona after he e-ghosted during Crash 2.0). Since the Wiccans seems to believe that more fragments like this could further stabilize Eliohann before he re-enters the world, the team passes this info along to Realmwalker, who seems baffled by the technological aspect still, but excited by the prospect. He is initially dismissive of all of them except Aradia until Echo all brings attention to their magic, which he eventually respectfully acknowledges.

This is good, because Echo has never seen Aradia this nervous during negotiations before- she seems to be on edge in almost a fangirl way when dealing with the Wiccans. With the support of the Wiccans secured for now, they just need to get approval from Eshraki and then should be able to meet with Eliohann, which is Breeze’s second goal after Mama, as he continues his life of seeking intangible experiences. They approach Eshraki with intel about the Monad Hunters in NYC, and she agrees to meet, though she quickly confirms that a large part of the reason for their growing community is Monads needing sanctuary from just such kidnappings. The team provides evidence of MCT’s involvement, which doesn’t surprise her but seems useful, and also offers to look more into the “why” of the kidnappings.

This all seems like enough for Eshraki, who confirms that she is effectively the digital version of a Voice for Eliohann. With him having lost most of his magic to massive nanite infection, he is now more Monad than mage himself, and is thought to be expert in all their various powers, as well as having a few tricks of his own. While still magically gifted, he can apparently no longer project, and instead spends much of his time on the matrix, occasionally slipping into Jackpoint and other boards to correct errors about himself and Monads in general, seek answers to questions, and reconnect with old friends. Eshraki says that since they have the Wiccans approval (she doesn’t seem overly fond of them) they should now be able to meet Eliohann, and they head over to the fortified former school complex where he has been healing.

In order to get on Nathan Proudfoot’s good side, Aradia makes contact through Perri with a local TM named Viktor Markwart, who Proudfoot trusts, to come along with so that he can check over Eliohann in the matrix and examine the nanites, while Aradia checks him out in the astral, and then report back to Pourdfoot on whether or not Eliohann’s eventual emergence is even potentially safe. VM tags along with the team as they head to the school. Brought through a series of defense emplacements, spirit guards, and magic wards, they enter a large swimming pool area in the basement, and find Eliohann reclined in the water, with some Wiccans still magically tending to his mostly healed injuries, but none of the large rituals that were occurring the last time the team file has any info on.

As Markwart and Aradia Assense and check over him on the matrix, he lazily rolls one massive eye their direction, and Breeze sees he has a really cool piercing through his snout horn. Breeze inquires, and gets the name of a Seattle-based mage and scrimshaw practitioner who also does bone piercing etc- fun for those with horns and tusks! After giving them some time, Eliohann greets Markwart by name, tells him he hopes he got what he needed, and ushers him out, before turning to the team and asking if they prefer commlinks or Mindspeech for communication. They choose digital, which he seems to prefer anyway, and Aradia also confirms alongside Markwart that he does indeed seem stable, with the nanites working on the inside to repair his lasting damage while the Wiccans work from outside. Regardless, he seems nearly healed, and in a much different state than the previous report the team has.

He confirms that Eshraki and the other Monads have been working hard to keep info about him and Salem as a whole from getting out into the wider world, seeking to keep it a safe haven for Monads, and also benefiting the Wiccans, who get to rebuild to their own tastes, and the NAN enclave, which gets more time to solidify their recent gains. However, he says that he has detected some outside force working against peace in the area, and stirring trouble between the 3 factions. He says that, trapped down here as he is, he certainly may be paranoid and seeing patterns where they don’t exist, but that he wants the team to look into it and see if there is anything to it. He would consider it a personal favor, and they eagerly agree. Leaving, they arrange to stay in touch via comms, since Eliohann seems to prefer to be immersed in the matrix while he finishes recuperating,.

They first contact Proudfoot to deliver their report, and he confirms that Markwart has been in touch with similar intel. They manage to find out that they have been consulting on various matters draconic with the Draco Foundation, and specifically Nadja Daviar, who has long been a friend to their cause. This gets the team’s attention, and they consult Eshraki and Realmwalker as well, and find out that “Daviar” has been whispering in all their ears as well. Calling in some Grey Cell favors, they gets messages to and from The Detective at the Seelie Court, who confirms that Daviar is still there, and passes along word from Daviar to be on the lookout for one “Valeria”, the Nadja Network fixer who operates in the NE area, Daviar is suspicious that Valeria may have allied wth Rex Coll to oust her from the Draco Foundation and exile her to the metaplanes.

Fargus Sol, as the intermediary of this message, also passes along some other relevant intel- they have managed to decipher some of the info contained on the Faustian crystal that Halo managed to smuggle back from Dis after killing her handler during her escape. Much of the info is in some unknown code or language that they haven’t made any headway with, but since the Faustian was from the material plane, some of it seems comprehensible. Regardless, it seems to prove that Rex Coll and an ally (likely this Valeria) have both gone Faustian themselves, having had a longterm trade with the Disians in captured paracritters, Infected, and other bounties from the DF over the years, seemingly in exchange for power. With the intel, and the further proof that, witting or not, PPJ was a Faustian plant/surveillance device, it seems the Disians have been making more overt moves of late in a number of areas. Sol suggests that GC will need to get involved, and says the team should focus on making peace between the 3 factions in Salem.

He is concerned, because if Valeria is trying to gain control of a dragon, or keep him trapped without much support, he worries what sort of Chimera the Disians may be planning to make out of dragon parts. having seen what they’ve already managed with lesser beings. The team is now also very concerned, and sets themselves to it, sharing intel with the 3 faction leaders about the situation in general, and Valeria’s triple dealing, which none of them are happy about. Knowing some UCAS history, Echo suspects that Warpath especially will not let go of this sort of manipulation, as they are still hunting down any surviving Winternight members after that group used them as a false flag in the leadup to Crash 2.0 as cover for WN’s true goals. All 3 factions agree to reassess their relationships and look at working together against a common enemy.

Eliohann also introduces the team to a matrix contact of his, who goes by “Tenure”, who is up around Salem, having finished his term at MIT&T and looking to take a sabbatical in the shadows, as he misses the more free form days and ethics of the Lockdown period, and even though tenure track opened up a lot due to the high attrition rate, he wishes to be back in a more open environment. He quickly makes a connection with Echo over the finer things in life, and with Breeze over seeking out unique experiences. He seems mildly rude but reasonably skilled, and the team finds that they will be glad to have another mage (especially once with some mixed in cyber), as Aradia announces she is also leaving the team, wanting to stay behind in Salem and see all this stuff through.

It seems that everyone telling her that short termers couldn’t get much done there got through to her, and she has been wanting to find a Wiccan community to accept her for some time, so this seems like too good an opportunity to pass up. The team is again a little surprised, especially with Otters’ recent exit, but Aradia at least tells them in person and has a chat about it (No Regrets, though right??). Curious to hear what happens next, and with a favor owed from Eliohann for their help, they hop on the train back to NYC, planning to stay in their private cabin all the way through Boston. Breeze gets a message from one of his conspiracy board contacts, Hunch, saying that he is looking for work and will be in the NYC area soon. Breeze vouches for Hunch to the team after first telling Hunch he is welcome, and Echo and the others spend a little time reviewing his posts- he seems to be one of the more accurate and researched conspiracists, with Professor doing some quick analysis with his agent to prove it.

The team gets Tenure to sign the team norms in order to brief him on the Dis situation, and he actually shares some more academic info on Dis that the team hadn’t known, and is incredibly excited about the prospect of a portal to Dis. The team tells him he is provisional for the moment, but tenure track- so they only are going to give him mission relevant intel and not the whole team file, until they run together a few times. He agrees, and they enjoy the rest of the ride back with some nice snacks and beverages, preparing to start off summer in NYC with a few new teammates, wrapping up their last few jobs before heading for Europe, with a possible stop in Dubai on the way.