Wend-I-Go Wrong
Boston Vacation
25 JUL 2025
Runners
Otters aka Roadkill
Aradia
Echo
Ruxpin
Bug
Breeze

The team all reconnects over pizza and salad after the excitement of the Gala, and fill each other in on what they’ve been up to. They decide they better knock off another job for Abyssa/The Sea Dragon to maintain access to their docking slip, and get the details from the surly teen dragon. They need to access something called an “Accession Table”- an encrypted hardline terminal that any major museum should have, and search for a certain piece of art, for which Abyssa provides the specs. Luckily, the team has a bright idea, and Ruxpin calls in a favor with Nazira to get Echo access to the terminal at the Met while Spinrad security is still cleaning up there, after promising nothing will be stolen, broken, altered, etc. If the item in question turns out the be in the Met, they’ll have a different problem…

Lucky again, the team finds that the item- a mediocre but possibly quite old painting on a strange curved, shield-shaped backing- is in the private collection of an MCT exec, in town. They debate breaking into the MCT arcology a 3rd time. and decide against it, having gotten in and out clean twice. Instead, Echo reluctantly calls in a favor from their “uncle” Thomas Roxborough, who arranges to put on an art show and request the piece from the MCT exec. Then the team can hit it in transit, insurance will pay out, and Roxie can keep his hands clean, plus he never minds putting on a show. Especially now, he tells Echo he has some exciting news he plans to debut at the upcoming Grand Tour, and Echo affirms that the team will be around, and also warns the team that Roxie will surely require them to do something unsavory for him to pay him back.

The team arranges for Iron Couriers to do the transport from the Arcology to the Southside port for shipment to Europe on a UniOmni boat, and Aradia loads Ruxpin, in bear form, up with spells- Silence, Invisibility, etc, and then the two walk over to the arcology, and Ruxpin slips in the back of the armored transport as they load the art. Otters has made a small shaped charge and showed Ruxpin how to place it, to blow the door, and Ruxpin has his power fist as backup. Bug is in one VTOL with Breeze’s biofiber case to accept the art, while the other drops Breeze off nearby to give Ruxpin the signal when the armored car hits traffic.

Everything goes to plan- Breeze “accidentally” bangs on the side of the armored van, Ruxpin grabs the art and blows the back, punching it the rest of the way open, and hands the art over to Bug, who closes it in the briefcase. Unfortunately, the rigger driving for Iron Couriers seems similarly quick to Otters, and blasts at Bug with a mini-gun turret as he hangs exposed in the open VTOL. Not wanting to fail the job, Bug takes the hit, protecting the art, and almost dies. Otters gets him back to the safehouseboat and it’s waiting Valkyrie Module just in time. The rest of the team also slips off as the rigger, frustrated and stuck in traffic, seeks targets.

They call Abyssa, who comes to collect, and without ceremony, scratches off the paint on the surface, revealing a bone-like texture. Satisfied, she leaves and tells them they’re good for another month. Aradia quickly assenses and the team ponders what the backing may have been- a dragon scale or claw perhaps? Such a ritual connection would be a powerful tool for the Sea Dragon to lord over another dragon, whoever originally possessed the scale/claw/bone fragment. The team is reminded that the SD is very powerful and scary, and is glad to have paid up on time. They decide it’s time for a little vacation, and make plans to head to Boston, though half or more of the team seems disinterested, confused, or actively opposed.

They do decide to do a small amount of research, and get some tips from Fargus Sol on current events and dangers. He also seems confused why they are going with all the work they have in NYC, but does have some things to look into up in the former Containment Zone. He also warns them that the Donovan Pyke ShadChaps are dominant there, so likely heavily Horizon influenced, and that Hype spent a lot of time in Boston over the years. They head up anyway, with Bug, Echo, and Breeze disembarking in Boston proper (delighted to see that the main train hub is no longer under Dissonant control, though there are still signs up for Shambler collection points).

Aradia and Ruxpin continue on to Salem, to look into what’s up there, and Otters stays in NYC, watching via TacNet from the boat. The 3 in Boston quickly head to the Nub, the central hub of the Underground, and find it more tourist-y than advertised in the team file. With no obvious Mama’s Boyz in sight, and Centurion (newly a Horizon security subsid, bought from the ruins of NeoNET) in charge or security, Echo tries to chat up some barkeeps, which Breeze keeps slightly throwing off by trying to buy more and more milk, mistaking the bribe system Echo is trying to engage with.

They hear some legends of Mama, but these also seem very touristy, but the barkeep does point out the not yet “safe” tunnels. which are clearly marked to keep people from wandering down them unawares. They try to head down one, and are told to stop by Centurion. Echo and Breeze book it straight ahead into the tunnel, while Bug falls back and leaves the Underground. Making some calls, he eventually heads to the Leather District and links up with Smedley Pembrenton III, who seems to have largely gotten out of the game as he didn’t want to sign up with the ShadChaps. He now oversees the local Sprawl Scouts chapter, and agrees to use his secret Underground access in his shop to send one of them down to ask after what happened to the other two.

Meanwhile, the other two get thoroughly lost in the maze of pitch black tunnels, even with Breeze having thermo goggles and Echo having a perfect memory. They start shouting for Mama’s Boyz, and are quickly attacked by a vampire, who bites Breeze before Echo chases it off with some fancy shooting. As Breeze starts to worry about what exactly he might turn into, they are finally approached by someone in the face mask and dun camouflage of the MB’s. They introduce themselves as “H”, and after Echo lays on the charm a bit agree to take them to a meeting with Mama, referencing past team members and offering an update on them.

They take the usual long path down, and down, and down, eventually riding a descending rail car to the edge of a massive pit. They feel something asking for permission to enter their minds, and agree. They share some info on PPJ and other team members past who spent time in Boston, and Mama tells them she can see the good work they have done fortifying Spirits of Cities to act as a bulwark against the Unravellers, when they come. She says this has delayed, but not prevented, their arrival. For now, there is a greater threat- she tells them there will be a week of death, followed by a season of pain, and gives them the Threshold 6WT card, which she says they will soon require.

She tells them if they survive what is coming, to return to her for another conversation, but for now sends them on their way, complimenting Breeze on his foolish optimism. They head back out, guided by MB’s, who eventually meet up with the Sprawl Scout sent by Smedley, allowing the two to reunite with Bug aboveground in the Leather District. Smedley warns them that someone put the word out in the ShadChaps about their arrival in town, and has painted them as infiltrators and dangers, so he warns them against showing their faces too much in town, unless they have a plan. Since they don’t, and don’t even have gear, they plan instead to make a quick exit, having to some extent gotten what they wanted.