Boss Moves Matter LLC
Conspiracists and Blasphemers
4 AUG 2025
Runners
Echo
Ruxpin
Bug
Breeze
Tenure
Hunch

The team arrives back in NYC to find Otters and her drones absent, along with the RCC. She left them a scrap-built device that the TacNet is running on, which Echo quickly swaps over to their RCC for better Firewall and overall device protection. This all seems to line up with Otters’ overall blasé exit, and implies she may plan to casually return sometime in the future, though the team is unsure how they may feel about that if and when. Regardless, they have another new potential runner to interview, and head to a public cafe in Times Square to meet up with Hunch, who seems a bit more wary and paranoid than any on the team, but also has a lot of good insight into surveillance and evidentiary risks.

The team is also impressed by Hunch’s quality disguise, and delighted (selectively) to discover that Hunch is: from the Indian Union (Breeze and Bug share a brief convo with him in Hindi), a fellow Hanuman (Bug and Hunch connect a bit over shared metatype), a fan of the nicer things in life (Echo’s on board), and a conspiracist with matrix skills and a sharp mind (Breeze and Tenure finding some points of connection). With introductions made, Hunch reveals that he has Nexus access and knows a bit about the team’s Denver activities, after which the team has to ease him into working WITH the Null, since last Hunch heard they were defending the Nexus against them (and MCT mercs).

Hunch is also impressed when Ruxpin name-drops Perri as a friend, without seeming to really understand what the Nexus is or does, as a board. The team seems high level, though lacking in a clear leadership structure at the moment. With Echo as usual preferring to lead from behind, it seems Breeze is in charge, according to Ruxpin at least, and Breeze seems to exhibit some unusual techniques. They discuss what kind of tester jobs they can do with the new runners to make sure they are suitable teammates, and decide to focus on the job for the Null Blasphemer that Grey Cell had put them in touch with.

They set up a meet online, and Hunch has his first encounter with a Null- though this one possesses some strange, twisted (but not Dissonant) Sprite, the like of which Hunch has not seen nor heard of before. This Blasphemer is at first cryptic about their purpose, until the team pushes a bit, at which time they answer some questions- they need the team to do a large scale distraction of some duration, during which the Blashpemer will pull off a hack to get funds to set up a Framework Host, in order to build a “new Homeland”, away from what they describe as the doctrinal purities of the Null Homeworld.

The team negotiates some pay, including upgrades to White Passes for Hunch and Tenure, and gets the address where they need to make the distraction. It’s on the Lower West Side, and doing some on-site recon alongside some research (the team is relieved to find that both of the new runners can Assense and that Hunch has serious keyboard skills, though on the legal-ish side rather than hacking), the team discovers it is a Mafia front LLC with a seemingly randomly generated name, dedicated to laundering mob proceeds. They see a steady stream of bagmen coming and going as they watch. Tenure seems to find the whole business of actually surveilling IRL quite amusing, and Echo has to remind him that he also needs to not get spotted.

Hunch seems to be well-suited to this sort of work, with a background as a skip tracer, and explains that his usual muscle, and close fined, got arrested on a recent collection job gone wrong, and is languishing in Gatestrom Penitentiary on Roosevelt Island (high security but not supermax, so not Awakended, Monad, or TM), hence Hunch’s need for a new crew. Also, Hunch wants access to more secret info and this seems like a good path. He once again seems more concerned about leaving behind evidence, revealing that some of his genemods prevent it, while Tenure seems cavalier, initially, until the team settles everyone into a kind of mid-range proper level of caution.

They start making a plan to cause their needed distraction, and split off to purchase the requisite gear. Echo heads out to attend a fancy wine-tasting they had booked, allowing Breeze to continue in the leader role, at least for this run. Breeze and Tenure head to the Lower East Side, which Tenure finds much changed from his youthful misadventures in “The Pit” as it once was, and head to Whiz Wheels, Tickets’ chop shop, where they buy a no records/no questions asked used Jackrabbit subcompact that’s on it’s last legs. Ruxpin carefully adds some coloring agent to some of Breeze’s smoke grenades, remembering one of Otters’ tricks. Breeze smuggles Bug’s broken down rifle out of Terminal on foot, and passing it back in the Lower West Side, where Bug clambers up to a sniper perch that Hunch and Ruxpin have spotted, covering Breeze’s planned escape along a route that Hunch planned out.

Ruxpin calls up Magnus Jam, and hires the exciteable Monad Underground explorer to guide Breeze and Bug back into Terminal through the Underground, once again failing to value or comprehend money enough to bargain down the initial high rate that MJ quotes. Breeze and Hunch team up to plant some manifestos false flagging as Shatterwave on the Rotten Apple board, which they know is filled with enough corpo runners to surely leak back, helping to ensure that their “attack” is taken seriously. With all the pieces in place, the team tells the Blasphemer when to expect the distraction, and get to their places. Breeze crashes the cheap car into some parked cars out front of the mob office, sets off the sickly colored smoke grenade, and starts a disposable comm area broadcasting their “manifesto”.

He bails out and rolls as the car crashes, and Tenure, across the street, subtly hits the front of the mob building with a large area Chaff spell, causing sensor glitches and errors, and distracting Winter Systems first responder drones that race to the scene. Breeze leaps up from his semi-injurious roll, and races off to hiding, where he swaps disguises and slips out of the area, with Bug joining after he passes their overwatch point. Ruxpin and Hunch split off and head separately out after Bug and Breeze enter the Underground via the Iron Horse smuggler’s bar, lead by Magnus Jam. Tenure sticks around til the cops spot Ruxpin’s fake bomb in the back seat of the crashed car, and start making a perimeter, telling everyone the shelter in place, and call in the bomb squad.

After a rousing steeplechase through the Underground, the team all emerge back in Terminal, link up, and check in with the Blasphemer. They get some more intel for their Null org chart after the Blasphemer fills them in on some of their motivations- they apparently have some kind of doctrinal disagreement with the Hierophant class, whose will is enforced by Wardens and Censors. The Blashpemer confirms that it wasn’t any of those roles, saying that a Hierophant couldn’t blaspheme, as it would be oxymoronic. The team is excited by the new info and the promise of more, and accept their various payments in ID upgrades, cash, or info/favors. They agree to help with the next stage once the Blasphemer moves the money around and makes some purchases.

Ruxpin, remembering Aradia’s frequent check-in’s, calls up Fargus Sol, who is initially confused by the team’s whereabout but after clarifying Aradia’s exit, is excited to get the Null updates and encourages them to pursue this connection further, as well as following up on the open job to try to investigate their Homeworld, possibly via Ruxpin’s connections at Spinrad, or via a meeting with Gabrielle that Echo has on the agenda. For now, Sol says he needs to make some calls and will get back to them shortly. The team discusses Sol’s trustworthiness, and after reviewing the team file, Ruxpin and others confirm he seems reliable. Hunch and Tenure are both frustrated and further motivated to get full membership ASAP so they can see this file.

Sol calls back, with another being on the call, the AI Orior, who the team finds references to dating back to the shadow war in DeeCee. Orior explains that they are one of the founders of the AI matrix nation of Garmonbozia, and that they believe there is some potential for alliance with the “misguided” EI’s of the Null Sect. They seem to believe that assisting this Blasphemer could be a good first step, and say that they have secured a promising location for the physical Framework Host to be safely built and housed, in Prince George County, just outside DeeCee. The team agrees to convey this info to the Blasphemer, and help to make sure there is secure transit from NYC to DeeCee. The Blasphemer seems interested in the prospect, after inquiring about the likelihood that it is a trap, which gets the team thinking.

They are also surprised that a Null entity is amenable to working with other AI/EI lifeforms, which seems to confirm the blasphemy at hand, perhaps. Regardless, they make a transit plan, and take the team van over to Tickets’ shop, getting a smuggling compartment added. Ruxpin and Bug stash their armor and rifles in there, after getting Kobold to update the ship registry of the CTRL Salt Delete to list “additional living space” underneath it, so that Harborguide doesn’t accidentally bang the secret sub into anything, since none of them know how to pilot either craft. They load the gear up in Terminal, and then transfer to the van at the Battery City docks. where they have their Sea Dragon-provided slip. The Blashpemer reports that they have acquired the necessary technology, and loaded up a temporarily purloined auto-hauler. The team, ready to convoy, heads out.

It takes a few hours to clear Manhattan, but once they are out of the city and on the interstate, they mostly let GridGuide take over, with Tenure occasionally using the override to slip in front of or behind the Blasphemer’s truck, in which Breeze rides shotgun to deal with any boarding attempts. Ruxpin and Bug suit up, and Hunch and Tenure are once again reminded that despite some goofy chain of command issues and infosec, these are serious combatants with high end gear. They luckily get smoothly down to DeeCee amid the high speed auto-hauler traffic, and arrive at the address Orior provided, finding a gated and fenced compound, with a dense treeline blocking LOS from the road to the building inside. The guards are massively cybered-up, and seem quite young.

The team confirms that they aren’t secret biodrones, and see the cargo safely delivered, also not seeing a trap immediately. The Blasphemer moves out of the truck computer into the drone controls inside the building, and starts using manipulator arms to assemble the Host components, alongside a crew of egghead scientist type and TM’s. The team gets a feeling there are at least 3 distinct groups present, and split off to converse with them all to try to figure out what’s going on, while Ruxpin and Bug head to the roof and get on overwatch. Collectively, the team finds that Orior is also present (on the matrix), and the the techno-tribe is a local group called 000 000 000, who is present in the team file from back in the day.

Orior seems to be embracing somewhat of a Messianic role, which the TM’s seem to be embracing, especially as this specific group is seeking info about the origins of technomancy itself. Their leader, Tarantula, explains that Orior themself has a sort of share origin, having emerged from the establishment of the Foundation and the 100 experiment. Since this also brought the world and the Null into contact for the first time, the TM’s are very excited to encounter a friendly Null with whom they can continue their investigation. Feeling confident that this isn’t a trap, the team gives the all-clear, and keeps hanging around, helping out a bit, and chatting, until the setup is completed, and the auto-hauler is sent back to it’s intended route none the wiser.

The other two groups present seem to be a local tech gang called The Probe, from which Leanna Octave emerged and was eventually banished after going full Ex Machina. The Probe seems to have provided some of the eggheads and guards, with the remainder made of members of Ta Makrinia, a posthumanist, pro-AI cult-ish (or terroristic, depending on perspective) group. Both seem allied with Orior and their beliefs, for similar but not fully overlapping reasons. It seems the AI has been collecting interesting allies. They also secure an invitation from Orior to visit Garmonbozia, or at least Orior’s city, Ys, with Orior explaining that the AI nation is not without it’s own dangers and intrigues, including the sill-missing AI Atlas. There are also two other major cities, Kayssoun and Eniac, with their own founding AI’s overseeing, alongside other powerful entities with their own followings and bases.

The team is excited about this, for both adventure and knowledge as well as for potentially retrieving more Eliohann fragments to help Aradia out up in Salem. For now, they head back to NYC, and get paid again by the Blasphemer, who seems quite happy with their work, and says they can refer to it as Blasphemer-1 to distinguish from others they might meet in future. They debate whether to continue their Null investigations next, or to follow up with Mx. Seven about the next steps with the secret AZT Dis portal, deciding to go for Dis based on a quick excitement level check. Feeling a little bad about false-flagging as Shatterwave for their distraction, Ruxpin and Breeze both also funnel them some funds, and Hunch and Breeze post some anonymous hints on the various conspiracy boards about how the corps likely set up the false “attack” as an excuse to crack down on political radicals in Manhattan, trying to get a useful counter-narrative going without exposing themselves.

With a job successfully completed, and a lot of secret info needed to be shared for the next few jobs, the team fully inducts the two new members, with them signing onto the team norms as those before them have.