All Knights Are Bastards
Dis/guises, Dis/Trust, Dis is a Good Time
11 AUG 2025
Runners
Echo
Ruxpin
Bug
Breeze
Hunch

Tenure, newly inducted into the team for real, decides to skip the next job, unable to pull himself away from reading the team file. More $ for everyone else! The rest of the team gets the lowdown from Cat and Mx. 7- 7 has done enough prep work to feel good about attempting to re-enter the AZT AIRLOCK facility and enter the portal to Dis. They’ve done extensive prep work to plant the idea that the two of them that got spotted on exfil last time were indeed the people they were disguised as, trying to stoke up internal AZT discord. Cat has also prepped disguise kits for the team to go in looking like AZT personnel, based on their previous recon footage.

There is a noticeable increased level of activity at the LAUNCHPAD facility, so they are hoping that the team can slip their way in unnoticed once onsite, or blag their way through any social encounters, so long as they are dressed the part. Breeze and Hunch disguise as eggheads, with Echo, Ruxpin, and Bug in FBA as security, with Echo taking the chevrons of the detail leader, thus to do most of the talking. Cat warns them to prep for a potentially long journey, since they have almost no info on how time dilation works on Dis, if the food is safe to eat, etc. Ruxpin tries to do some mental math on how much water to bring and gets bogged down, so Echo helps out.

They end up buying a Mule drone with team funds, though Echo refuses to become a drone person and rejects requests for FlySpy’s and similar. The load the Mule up with a 55gal drum of filtered water, and MRE’s for a month. Ruxpin stocks up his medkit, and brings some spare air bottles just in case. They also all buy survival kits and similar necessities. With that, they debate how to get into the facility itself. They feel like they may have pushed their luck as far as they can with infiltrating through the ARES training program, and don’t want to chance it with all their gear, especially without Otters’ stealth VTOLs. They decide to attempt to enter via sub, since 7 seems confident they can hack their way in once in reach of the entry keypad.

Knowing the kind of mini-subs that AZT uses, they end up calling in some favors from Grey Cell to borrow 2 of them, and get them there ASAP. They call a few different fixers around town, realizing that Otters had all the smuggler contacts. Eventually they get ahold of Sully, who seems like a capable pilot of any sort of craft, though he makes them swear there will be no combat. He also has another pilot in mind for the other- a runner named Beanie, who some on the team recognize from the team file the last time a former team was in NYC for a while. He has a good rep, so they agree, and all meet up with their gear near the CTRL Salt Delete to load up and head over. Beanie and 7 give each the evil eye a bit, seeming to recognize what the other is (Null vs AI in drone body), but keep it quiet and get in different subs.

The subs arrive under ARES Island with no trouble, and 7 takes control of the remote arm in the lead sub, accessing the panel and making quick work of it’s security, opening the portal and mesh ahead of them to allow them through. They ascend, and emerge into a scene of semi-organized chaos- after spending a moment watching, it looks like AZT personnel are near constantly going in and out of the portal, which flashes a disturbing sickly purple with regularity. Though the flow of personnel both ways seems consistent, goods and materiel are only coming out, and being loaded into other mini-subs.

The team is quickly ushered into the “outgoing” line, and share a quick amused look with Sully and Beanie as their subs are also loaded with precious cargo, surely no longer destined for AZT. Echo ultimately has to do a very minimal amount of talking, as this seems to be a hurried effort. They quickly head through the portal, with Hunch getting a quick look in the astral on the way, just enough to worry him about what the mana on the other side is going to be like, and just as glad they don’t have a proper mage along after all. Emerging into what looks to be an AZT facility on the other side, they find a harried scientist overseeing the effort- it looks like the place is being stripped for parts and hauled back through the portal.

He seems to think the team are the “expendable assets” he was promised who will secure the perimeter while they finish their endeavor and wind down the TOPSIDE facility, but asks the team if they have any necessary questions before setting up outside. They ask a few questions about what’s going on, but not too many, since they don’t want to give away how little they know. The scientist, Dr. Hernandez, reveals that a nearby void has been expanding and moving towards them, and gestures out a nearby window which is propped open to keep an eye on it- it’s only about 100m away, and he explains it was recently twice as far, hence the hurry.

The team looks on in horror as part of a building touching the void collapses into, comes apart, and vanishes in the dark- almost like they are looking at the event horizon of a black hole. Hunch and Echo can both tell the mana here is wrong in some way- they feel a bit nauseous and find their powers unusually hard to access. They head out of the facility, passing empty workstations and bunk rooms, seemingly for a staff of around 30. With a warning to watch out for the locals shouted from behind them, they emerge into Dis proper, and find a dark red sky, with a massive black and purple moon hanging low overhead. Directionless light washes out colors, leaving everything greyish purple.

The terrain seems to be rolling hills, covered in a jumble of unplanned construction of every type imaginable and beyond- they’ve heard this is a metaplanar crossroads of a sort, and this bears out- every type of architecture and material, including many unfamiliar to the team, are represented here, often in different areas and levels of the same building. Fog and low-hanging smoke shroud areas of the outer parts of the city, and a large wall surround the center, which seems to be built around either a massive tower or an elaborately carved mountain. Flashes of light flare around the peak and upper levels, arcing out huge amounts of energy to other tall towers surrounding it in the city core.

The team spaces out a bit, initially planning to look like they are setting up a perimeter, before slipping off for their real purpose. Echo is able to detect tantalizing pockets of Nous, which is promising, though Hunch and the others are unable to find any wireless access- it seems like their tech can’t interface with whatever the local network is. Spotting some movement in a nearby window, Ruxpin heads over and knocks. Once he offers trade, a strange figure opens the doors, and Ruxpin catches a glimpse of massive piles of hoarded goods behind them, assuming that this individual has been raiding all the other abandoned buildings near the void and collecting whatever they can there.

They only seem interested in talking if they’re trading, and the team has a series of semi-awkward interactions to get some intel, as well as a possibly useless token that Breeze trades his pottery class certificate for. The Trader informs them that the voids are a problem all around the outer edges of the plane, but similar to Zecorporatum, leaving one edge just brings you in another one, so maybe it’s really all just one void? Regardless, the “True Disians” (said with some disdain) have fallen back to the city core and barred the way to “lesser beings”, including many who consider themselves Disians due to long residence, like this Trader.

Breeze is really interested in accessing the city core, which the Trader discourages, as it is guarded by massive spirits and hordes of Chimera, some of whom the Trader says look like the team. The Trader does tell them that there is another building somewhat nearby, that was also abandoned due to void presence, which once held a data center and factory of sorts, so this might be a place for the team to find more info that they seek and/or harvest some data crystals, which seem essential to interacting with the local “matrix” and which Breeze is also now fixating on.

They head that way, with Echo using their strange abilities to track the growing strength of the Noosphere, and after most of a day’s travel (time seems very relative here- sometimes a block might take mere moments, other times stretching on for hours, though the chaotic construction also makes it hard to gauge distance) they find the factory. 7 confirms that it seems quite promising and worth investigating, so they head in. They find that one corner of the building has fallen into another growing void already, though the structure itself is stable for the moment. 7 quickly announces that this place will do, sits down, and goes on autopilot, as their consciousness heads out to investigate the Noosphere further from this access point.

Ruxpin follows 7’s order and guards their body while they are away, taking Long Haul to stay awake while the others rest, though Echo also has a strange initial contact with some figures wrapped in tattered rags and cloaks nearby. They say they just want the mages inside, just as Breeze and Hunch find some beings chained to workstations along some sort of assembly line. They seem desiccated a bit but alive, though not lucid. They push some food on the assembly line closer to them and provide some water, which the beings consume (one of them looks part human, but the rest are unrecognizable). Breeze wants to free them, but Echo, outside, agrees to the strange figures terms- the team will leave the mages alone other than keeping them alive, and the figures won’t interfere with the team’s other work in the factory.

With that, exhausted, they rest. Hunch awakens once to find one of the strange figures outside seemingly trying to make mental contact (they only seem to communicate via Mindlink, possibly not even sharing a language), and offering knowledge, goods, etc. Hunch, suspicious, rejects this and goes back to sleep, warning Ruxpin to keep an eye out. The morning comes, and 7 is still off on their investigation, so the team looks around the factory some more. They discover that the chained beings are all under some kind of massively powerful enchantment, which between Hunch and Echo, they determine may be similar to a Living Mana Well, or the Coimediai of the Seelie Court. Lacking the skills to break the enchantment either magically or digitally, they decide to stick to their plan for now, though Ruxpin does try to provide some healing, only succeeding a little bit with the semi-human Chimera being, which the medkit reports as being 40% known biology.

Bug, exploring further afield, finds a strange dead being, tripedal with 4 arms, at some sort of console in a command room upstairs, around the gantry providing access to some of the strange machinery along the assembly line. Echo and Hunch once again examine the situation as Bug heads out to explore more. They find that this was the core of the data center part of the building, and put together that the 3 massive, fractured data crystals seem to have cracked in response to the building coming into contact with the void, and that them all busting at the same time seems to have triggered a lethal dose of bio-feedback into the console jockey, who also has crystalline fragments embedded along their face and torso from the cracking explosion.

Upsettingly, Echo recognies these fragments as the same type as the team had encountered in Detroit in the Scar, after ARES set off their portal weapon, which Arleesh had interfered with. Bug finds another clue as he explores the area under the factory, moving aside a heavy stone plug under an access hatch in the basement, and finding winding, but luckily empty, insect spirit tunnels below. He doesn’t explore much, deciding the team should know of this, and heads back up. Comparing the team file to what Bug just found, these tunnels look very similar to the empty insect tunnels that Otters had briefly recorded through the astral hole in the sky above the Scar- did that portal lead to Dis?? Or just some other plane the insects had at one points attempted to conquer?

With this, Echo decides they shouldn’t stick around too long, and takes a more thorough look at the dying data structure powered by the cracked and fading crystals in the console, and sees Mx. 7 zipping about, doing whatever they came here to do. Satisfied for now that 7 isn’t trapped or dead, Echo returns to the team, and they decide to rest again, as time seems to have passed quickly during their investigation. With the void having moved notably closer, they relocate further from it into the factory. Overnight, Breeze awakens to find the strange figures making offers to him, and accepts. He trades them some info on the insect tunnels below for a crystal, which they tell him will give him what he wants. He also negotiates for one of the mages in exchange for his cool stealth briefcase, and then also to get that mage disenchanted by the figures in exchange for more intel on what the team has found in the factory. He goes back to sleep and Hunch again rejects the figures, with Ruxpin tweaking a bit but keeping watch.

In the morning, Breeze finds himself oddly reluctant to share his new crystal, and hides it away in his biofiber pocket, before Hunch can get a close look, though it definitely has some kind of spell on it. Some of the team is a little annoyed at his unilateral trading, but also getting one of the mages out of here could be a major intel win so everyone goes along with it all for now. As Echo touches 7’s body to check in again, getting nervous about the survival of the only portal to Earth that they know of after this much time, 7 snaps back into their body, and says they have what they need, and are ready to leave. Echo signals the cloaked figures, who enter, disenchant the most-human mage, and start working on the rest for themselves.

The team decides not to stick around, also hearing some movement from the tunnel area below, and are about to leave when the newly disenchanted mage starts screaming in abject terror. Ruxpin sedates them, and the Breeze tosses him over a shoulder. They exit, and take a quick vote, with most the team aside from Echo and 7 voting to go sightsee some more before leaving the plane, with Breeze still obsessed with seeing the city core, despite the danger. Echo talks them into checking on their exfil first, and they take most of another day to get back to the TOPSIDE AZT facility. Good thing they checked- it is heavily guarded, with what looks like a runner team or similar set up in a strong defensive perimeter.

They seem to at least match if not exceed the team’s numbers, and have a much better position, with Ruxpin and Echo both assessing it will be a brutal assault, and that’s only to get to this side of the portal. Since it seems their subterfuge was found out (likely when this team of freelancers, who they were mistaken for, arrived), they have to assume that security on the other side of the portal will also be watching for them. As Echo briefly considers turning themselves in, hoping they can work something out, they and Breeze remember the Tarot card that Mama gave them in Boston- Threshold! And she even told them they would need it soon. They head into a nearby empty building and talk through some options of where they want to end up, in case they have the option, before Hunch attempts to use the card.

He jumps in the air and clicks his heels, at the doorway near the stairs, and some part of that works, as the doorway is subsumed by some sort of pitch black portal. The team heads in, and as the first of them enters, the rest feel themselves pulled along with. They all encounter a figure that each of them thinks of as powerful, authoritative, a bit respected, maybe a bit intimidated- those in the know recognize this as a manifestation of the Dweller on the Threshold. The figure seems to know all of their deepest secrets and desires, which some of the group find disturbing and some enlightening. As the figure waves an arm and vanishes, 3 more door-shaped portals open behind it.

Breeze gets stuck in a useless philosophy loop trying to determine the “correct” door, while Echo asks 7 what they saw. 7 claims to have seen everyone freeze up for a moment and then the portals appear, so either the Dweller didn’t manifest for them, or they are lying. The rescued, sedated mage is quietly crying and eating. They eventually choose the center door, with the team once again pulled along as the first of them enter. They find themselves in some kind of idyllic fantasy realm, and looking about at various features, identify it as Avalon, a hyerplane of Arthurian legend.

They wander down from their entry point into some woods, choosing to travel through the denser, darker area to avoid detection, planning to make for a nearby woodsmen village to get a feel for what might be going on here. A talking bird sidetracks them, and brings them to a house built around a massive living tree, where an enchanting woman in green and yellow greets them, offering medical care of their injured friend, saying she is much renowned as a healer. They exchange names, with her introducing herself as Morganna. She explains that the king, Uther, of the distant castle and court often sends knights out to kill the beasts of the forest, who are just minding their business, in order to keep expanding the human settlements, with the loggers an foresters being on the forward edge.

She asks them to slay a knight for her, to teach them a lesson, unless the knight they encounter is named Lancelot, in which case they are to bring him to her alive. This is all starting to sound very familiar, but the team agrees on Echo’s suggestion, who just wants to secure Morganna’s assistance in escaping this place. Ruxpin passes out from Long Haul, and looks to be deeply slumbering for quite a while, though luckily not before he agrees that Morganna is free to make use of him, sexually, while he sleeps. She explains that there is something animalistic about him that she finds intriguing, and that she takes many lovers, also expressing that he is obviously the strongest of the group, which Breeze takes a little personally.

The team decides to chill til Ruxpin wakes up, giving Morganna some time to heal the mage, and Hunch reads some books that Morganna has lying about, learning some Saxon and Olde English, while Echo questions her a bit about what she’s up to and whatnot. Bug wanders the forest a bit, and Breeze decides to go skinny dipping in a nearby small lake he finds. He is surprised to see a Lady under the water, who offers him another quest- but she tells him that first she must break an evil spell he is under. Breeze agrees, and feel the crystal shatter in his hand, barely having noticed that he brought it swimming with him. The Lady offers him a very cool sword, which he accepts, and is told he must slay the foul with Morgaine, in the nearby woods, who has cursed this land with her presence for far too long. He agrees, and heads back to the group.

He chops a tree a bit on the way, and decides he likes this sword. Even with that, he gives Morganna a heads up as he approaches, and she says he must have been talking to that liar in the lake. She explains that the Lady has her own schemes on young Arthur, the heir to the throne of Avalon, when his father Uther Pendragon does someday pass. Morganna warns against allying with her, and Echo confirms with Hunch and her that Breeze is once again under some kind of mental spell, this time from the sword. Breeze says he’ll get rid of it before they leave, but seems reluctant to part with it til he has to, though he is able to resist the urge to attack Morganna with Echo’s assistance.

Ruxpin finally awakens, the team having heard many noises the previous nights, and finds himself well-rested and only mildly depleted otherwise. They head out and set an ambush, and quickly find that a boastful Sir Tristan is greeting the foresters and telling them he will soon return, having slain yet another beast. Bug and Ruxpin make short work of him from long distance with their sniper rifles, even accounting for the paradigm shift (the whole team is in tabards and hose and 7 seems to be made of wood, Pinnochio style, which they seem to find fascinating). The foresters are horrified to see a knight cut down silently from afar and start waving torches about wildly as they fall back from whatever horrid magic has been used. They report back to Morganna, who has healed the rescued Chimera mage as best she can. They seem calmer and better, so job well done.

Breeze asks for a small amount of Morganna’s blood, to smear on the blade before returning it, and after confirming that it is for trickery, she agrees, and grabs a nearby jar. from which she applies some blood to the blade. Breeze backs to the lake, with Echo following, worried about the ongoing enchantment. It’s good they did, as they have to go into mean military mode, shocking Breeze out of pondering the sword, and causing him to chuck it into the lake, as commanded. Breeze had been conferring with the Lady, who showed him a bit of ankle as a reward, and instructed him to next head to Avalon, to slay the tyrant Uther, and elevate Arthur to his deserved throne. Throwing the blade in seems to break the spell, and they both flee ahead of water and air tentacles that the Lady sends grasping after them.

Returning to Morganna, she tells them that she can’t get them home, and can only provide a door- or in this case, two, as they see two more of the Dweller’s doors appear in front of them. This time, they choose the left, and emerge into a chaotic realm that they are not immediately able to identify, though they have some guesses. It seems to be a chaotic floating jumble of locations, concepts, statuary, monuments, and the like, and they struggle to comprehend it, let along figure out how to traverse and exit.