Zero G Spot
Brone Nicklepants
18 AUG 2025
Runners
Echo
Ruxpin
Bug
Breeze
Tenure
Hunch

Tenure spends the better part of a week and a half diving into the team file, learning all sorts of intense secrets and solving some personal mysteries, especially in regards to Boston, with the addition of Toff’s journals recently. However, even he eventually has to emerge, and realizing that the team hasn’t returned from their journey, decides he better eventually makes some moves to seek them out. He gets ahold of his old MIT&T contact Dr. Dyna Mite, who tells him that if he can get to Detroit, she can help organize a ritual circle with some local Grey Cell-affiliated mages to get him to the Metaplanes to seek his team. As a Mystic Adept, Tenure is unable to astrally project, so he will have to travel there bodily, as the rest of the crew did, and he doesn’t rate his chances at the AZT portal after the amount of time that has passed.

He flies to Detroit, and is brought out to an island in a river between Detroit proper and Windsor, where there seems to be a druidic order of some sort working to rehab the sprawl’s manasphere. He quickly recognizes some figures from the team file, having just thoroughly reviewed it. Chewgum, Dig, and Jaga the Walking Witch are all easily identifiable, and he is fascinated to see the three of them seemingly synthesizing the 3 schools of Red, Green, and Black/Necro magic of the Tzuri Group. As Tenure thought that the divide between the schools was due to an incompatibility, this is an especially interesting revelation, which bears further study.

Snapped back to reality by Dyna Mite giving him some important instructions about how to to deal with the Dweller, not getting distracted, etc, he prepares himself, and enters the portal that the ritual group conjures up, finding himself approaching the Dweller’s Citadel down a long, spiky bridge. As he enters, he finds himself in a dusty, mostly empty throne room, considerably higher up than the bridge from whence he came- odd. Having heard of the many mysteries of this place in his studies, he knows to beware Golems, traps, puzzles and the like, and proceeds with caution.

There is a central plinth with some sort of roiling energy above it, which seems chaotic but safe once examined. He carefully touches it, and is pulled through, finding himself dropping down onto the rest of the team, where they have just emerged into the this strange shifting plane full of chunks of odd debris. They confer for a bit, and Breeze starts catching Tenure up on everything while the rest of the team takes a look around and tries to plot a safe traversal across the floating debris field. Tenure has also never heard of this place, and is quite fascinated.

Hunch manages to spot 3 separate exits, one of which appears to be another of the Dweller’s doors, and the other two of which seem to lead to Kadath, and the Mad Plane. Breeze really wants to explore more here, and/or go through the other doors, but with Mx. 7 reminding the team that the priority now is to return to the Material Plane, he is outvoted by a slim majority in favor of taking the Dweller’s door instead. Ruxpin, Bug, and Echo all avoid the temptations of the realm, but see their Shadow Cloaks burning off rapidly- time here seems quite relative to where they stand, as they see things both decaying and repairing as they float past, with different bits of the debris colliding and caroming off, breaking apart, and merging together in a chaotic, multi-axis mess of trajectories.

Luckily, Hunch got a good feel for it all, and remains focused, and Breeze and Tenure are able to pull themselves away from the forbidden knowledge due to the obvious dangers and loyalty to the team. Bug and Breeze gather everyone’s climbing gear and take the lead, setting up a line for the less adroit to use to follow. The team gives 7 command of the Mule drone to make sure it can make the tricky jumps as well, which they happily accept. After some close calls, leaping across 6 differently rotating pieces of moving debris, and seeing pieces of the ships lost in the Bermuda Triangle, bits of ancient lost libraries, chunks of unknown statuary and temples, and the like, they avoid temptation and reach the Dweller’s door.

Not wanting to take any chances, Echo touches it as soon as they arrive and the team is pulled through again. This time they find themselves in some dark sand, under a starless, near pitch-black sky. They notice that some of the nearby dunes seem to be moving in their direction, and Hunch spots an upsetting massive, black, eye hovering in the sky in the distance. Tenure realizes with some horror, in concert with other team members, that they are almost surely out past the edge of the astral sea, in Roggoth-Shoth, the land beyond death. Ruxpin decides to climb one of the moving dunes to get a better look, but turns back as his boots rot off instantly and his feet start to necrotize.

Breeze yells at the eye that they just want to talk, which seems at least to get it’s attention, and the team hears some bone-chilling screams closing in on them from a large arc in the direction of the eye. They decide to flee in the opposite direction, scrambling up a stationary dune. Tenure takes a bad step, and falls into some of trap spider nest, seemingly made of the hollow where the roots of a great tree once stood, having long since decayed away. leaving only the space they once occupied. He manages to clamber out before the many eyes he sees in the dark below are able to approach, and tells everyone to watch their step.

Quickly glancing about, they see numerous rotting figures racing after them and closing fast, as well as many of the moving dunes slowly sliding towards them. However, in the distance in the other direction, they see what looks like an incomplete bridge, made of bone, and realize with great terror that they are on the far side of the Chasm, and will need to gain the rough edge of the Bone Bridge ahead of their pursuers if they are to make good their escape and return to the regular astral sea and eventually their home plane. They start hoofing it, with Echo quickly hopping on the Mule as they struggle to keep up.

They also promise to replace Ruxpin’s armor, as he sheds it to turn into a bear, sweeping up a surprised Tenure and Hunch onto his back to get them away from the pursuers nipping at their heels. Echo manages to delay the rotting vampiric figures (only some of which are humanoid) by dropping a bunch of motion detection grenades behind them, but mostly the team focuses on speed. 7 eventually seems to lose control of the Mule, and Echo has to frantically leap free as the vamps swarm and destroy it. The team all scramble up another dune, and jump for the jagged edge of the incomplete bridge ahead of and above them, with Breeze at the last second managing to grab Echo and toss them up just as they were about to topple into the endless abyss of the Chasm.

While the team gets back to their feet above and gathers themselves, they find themselves confronted with a truly horrifying entity-3-headed and multi-limbed, but definitely once metahuman. Luckily. with all his recent reading, Tenure is able to recognize Toff, Sanquals Love, and Gethin’s faces- they seem to have somehow merged into whatever monstrosity this is. Echo quickly assures the entity that the team has a connection back to them, and serves the same mission, and also don’t like Bone Bridges and Horrors and stuff. As the entity raises some kind of biomechanical machine gun, summons a spell in one cyberhand, and goes into the astral while wielding a glowing staff, they all cringe back, and are greatly relieved as the figure instead blasts and tears into the rotting vamps behind them, as they try to leap onto the bridge as well.

The figure, giving off a strong feeling of guilt, strides forward, and begins tearing apart the Bone Bridge from the incomplete end, working backwards, and nodding once at the team, in some kind of acknowledgment and dismissal. They take their leave, walking through a bit more black sand, of which Echo grabs a small sample, before finding themselves delighted to finally emerge into the traditional sand of the regular astral sea, with it’s starlight night, and the visible shores of some outer planes in the far distance, with sand- and airships traversing the vast expanse. They take a quick breather and debate how to get back home from here, and also discuss all that they just saw. Having had to discard the large first aid pack between bear-form and the loss of the drone, they don’t have a great way to treat Ruxpin’s feet, so they cover them for now.

With some assensing, they can see that the sand seems to contain the same disease with which he has been afflicted, and that luckily though Ruxpin seems currently incurable, it doesn’t seem to be spreading, or to be contagious. As they look around for next steps, they are surprised to once again see the Dweller gesture and then disappear, as another, hopefully final door emerges. This one is at least see-through, and shows them the inside of their yacht, at last. They step through, and thrilled to find themselves returned to NYC, though as their comms come online and download updates and stored messages, disturbed to find that many months have passed- they have jumped from early summer to mid-fall. It seems the deep metaplanes (and Beyond) have even stranger rules for the passage of time than the closer realms with which they are familiar.

They catch up with their close contacts, and find that word is spreading quickly of their return, and the fact the many individuals are interested in all of the things the team was working on around NYC before (and during) their absence. WIth the ANIMUS data already sold to EVO, and news that someone else (maybe Jonathan Blake and/or the CIA) has cleaned up whatever remained of it after EVO’s raids, they ignore the messages about that. They mostly expend some street cred to maintain their good rep with their various friends and allies, some of whom are feeling quite neglected, and promise an annoyed Abyssa that they will make good with her mother soon for their long lack of rent payment, with Abyssa reluctantly clarifying that the SD has an open understanding of time, so that an appropriate explanation of their journey might ensure they aren’t in deep arrears.

Eager is glad they are back, but had to close out their Terminal safehouse, and warns that some people have been looking for them. The team also notes that the Chimera Mage they rescued from the strange factory on Dis has returned to them upon their return to the Material Plane, with the Dweller seemingly having shunted them past the 2nd and 3rd stops on their astral quest, after sending them with the team to Avalon, perhaps for needed healing from Morgaine. The Chimera seems to have have no ability to physically communicate, but seems to be a lot more cogent, so Tenure spends some working on a system to at least convey simple messages, partly to distract from the news of his firing given his lack of communication about the fall semester. The Chimera gives the team 3 Tarot cards from the strange 3rd deck, seemingly in thanks, and the team agrees to contact Sully to pass them along for further recuperation in Sully’s group dedicated to such things.

They arrange for a meet with Sully out of the water to do just that, but are distracted by an unexpected knock on their yacht door. An anachronistic Kin Spirit stand there in somewhat misapplied Victorian wear, with a long waxed copper mustache and a disarming manner. He introduces himself, and requests a quick confab with the team to arrange that their story about their travels will line up with his employer’s desires, in exchange for a sizeable payment. Breeze suggests a walk, not wanting to accidentally reveal the Chimera on the yacht, and they head to nearby coffeehouse, where Copperknickel pays with illusory gold, which will likely cause trouble for the momentarily enchanted barista later.

Seeing the team’s glance around, he assures they will be paid in verifiable currency in a digital medium of their choice, and offers 3 million Nuyen for the opportunity to ensure that their tale of Dis leaves a lot out and emphasizes that the plane has suffered a massive, magical catastrophe and needs assistance and sympathy. He suggests any mention of portals in NYC or elsewhere, and their locations, is of course to never be mentioned. The team says they will need to discuss such a significant offer, and CK tells them to go ahead, but not to take long, as his employers are quite impatient for an answer. The team embarks on a tense debate when they get back, before Mx. 7 finally snaps back to their body, having been on autopilot since the moment they returned to matrix access.

7 bids them adieu, and sends them a matrix link to a host in the Wild Matrix, and says they hope to work together again, having enjoyed their time amongst such capable biologicals. They wander off, and the team checks the host, finding the wealth of data on MCT and their whole operation in Denver that the Null Sect supposedly deleted, but appears to have kept their own copy for future needs. Cat and SPYder are already there, making copies, and Cat seems minorly annoyed that 7 also gave them team the address, seemingly from a sense of fairness. Cat pays up for the job, though, as promised, and suggests that if they are willing to make a deal for exclusivity, it would be a good payday and a solid plan to stay on Ghostwalker’s good side. Having made their copy, they depart, though as SPYder flicks an e-cig over his shoulder on the way out, he messages the team that they should get any intel they need from the host post-haste, as “the boss” (GW) will have him start deleting it as soon as he and Cat report in, and that they are already gone from NYC in the meat, suggesting the team would be wise to do the same before long.

Hunch and Echo copy what they can that seems most useful, as they see the host quickly start coming apart around them. Even then, it isn’t done in a dangerous way, with what they seem are the TM’s of the Followers of the Ancient Way always leaving the team a safe and clear path out. Eventually the team is forced to fall back, but with a wealth of MCT secret data, though nowhere near the entirety, a truly massive payload of info. The Null really came through on their end, and the team has been paid well in addition. Returning to the meat, they quickly meet with Sully and pass over the Chimera, who signals gratefulness. Sully also passes along some more credsticks- the team’s share of the AZT secret goods that he and Beanie sort of incidentally ended up in possession of well dropping the team off at LAUNCHPAD.

They get out on the water, starting to hear warning from Piper, Aradia, and others around town that various high level people are looking for them. Ruxpin makes promises to Nazira that the team will shortly head for Dubai, to make good on their promised meeting with Gabrielle Al’Thani, who seems quite annoyed to have been kept waiting, though at least the team has a good excuse. Ruxpin arranges to fly over with a security detail on a Spinrad private jet, in order to have time to get his feet magically healed, planning to bring along the sand sample that Echo cleverly grabbed. He gets contact via Grey Cell to a local runner and mage who should be able to help named Goat Foot, and is excited for mile high club action with Nazira on the way- she seems to have some frustration to work out due to his extended absence, which he feels may add an interesting element.

Breeze notices that noone seems to have noted his absence in particular. When he checks in with contacts, they are happy to hear from him but hadn’t particularly made note that he vanished for quite a while. Some of the team feel this is a little sad, but for Breeze it seems a normal part of his itinerant lifestyle so everyone leaves it be. The team continues the moral debate of what to do, with CK’s offer being quite tempting, before ultimately deciding to check with Grey Cell and Cat first. They call up Fargus Sol, who is glad to hear from them, especially given what they are offering and what they have seen. They have a two-way debrief, with Fargus sharing that the seer Emily Llanfrechfa recently completed a painting titled the “Land of Lost Ideas/Things” that bears a striking resemblance to the new plane that they seem to have uncovered in their travels, and wondering if the team’s use of the Threshold 6WT card on Dis somehow created a new metaplanar pathway.

He also says that Llanfrechfa has since gone into hiding, after a hit squad came after her in her Draco Foundation housing. He says he has already been in touch with Sully about the Chimera they rescued and agrees to share any intel they learn. He is also fascinated to hear that 7 seemed to consider the mission a success, though the team respects 7 too much as a Johnson to share any further specifics, not that they know much. He arranges to pay them, help them get new ID’s, and continue to employ them as they traverse the Grand Tour, and they sell the bulk of their info to him about their journey, though he explains it will take a moment to gather the funds, as he needs to call some allies. The team subtly lets slip that EVO was the buyer of the ANIMUS info, which Fargus doesn’t seem too upset by, saying that EVo is one of their better corp relationships at the moment.

They eventually get off the call after getting the name of forger, Mosaic, who should be able to set them up with all the necessary passes, licenses, etc that they need for the Tour, but who they will have to contact on the ground in Dubai, as she stays off the public matrix. Fargus also gives them the contact info of two Grey Cell agents who can be used during the Tour to quietly move messages, though he emphasizes how essential it is that this info not be shared with anyone else, for everyone’s safety. They agree, and he suggests they finish making any calls and deals they need to, and then go comms off as they cross the ocean, and burn the SINs they used in NYC, especially the ones attached to their CityPasses, which he says are surely too well known now to hold onto.

The team next calls up Abyssa, who, pouting, tells them that she has been instructed to arrange a meeting with her mother. They are all a bit overawed, and then surprised as a shark-man spirit leaps aboard, introducing himself as Mako. He explains that he will be acting as the SD’s Voice for this meeting, and rolls back his eyes, with his sharp-toothed jaws yawning wide til another intelligence takes over and converses with Echo while the rest of the team, wisely, remains quiet. They tell the SD of the secret AZT portal under ARES Island, and she says she will see this pollution of her waters ended. In exchange, Echo arranges for safe passage to Dubai and between the seaside cities of the Tour, though the SD can’t do much for them in Prague. She also promises them safe moorings in the cities where that is possible, as well as assuring that Mako and another of her daughters will be close by and contactable throughout the Tour.

After she rejects throwing in some cash, saying she is already paying them through another, the team realizes that she is one of the allies Fargus called to raised funds to get them paid. The money comes through soon after that, a significant payday, though well under CK’s offer. The SD also seems to appreciate Echo’s skill with words and social finesse, and offers them a position, should they wish to leave the runner life someday. Echo says they will think on this, for real, and Mako returns to himself, before saying he will see them in Dubai or elsewhere on the Tour, before leaping back into the water in the middle of Breeze’s response.

Finally, the team calls Cat, and arranges to sell exclusivity on the MCT data to GW, who grants them a plot of land in the Front Range, seemingly an abandoned and not very developed ranch plot, with a yearly stipend for it’s acre and upkeep, but the freedom to do as they like with the land. Breeze instantly gets very excited, and incorporates an LLC to manage it’s ownership, and make sure it stays a team possession in the longterm. Cat seems relieved that she doesn’t need to be in an awkward spot between the runners and GW, and says she hopes to see them all in the FRFZ before long, and hopes to work together again. With even more calls of corpo’s and strangers looking for them, and word that an ARES hit squad is headed to town, as well as a cryptic warning from 7 about the retasking of a skilled group of MCT hackers towards the team, they decide it’s time to mosey.

Breeze wants to still call CK to try not to totally burn the relationship right away, but is voted outby everyone else’s paranoia. The team also plans to write up their experience on the new metaplane, which Tenure pans to release as his final publication before faking his real SINs demise, and also plan to put together some kind of data packet for Piper, wanting to not burn that relationship, as she is already seeming quite frustrated to not be allowed into the inside on their latest scoops, especially given how instrumental she was early on in their investigations. They set sail for Dubai, with the SD making good on her promise- without them really noticing how, the waves and winds seems to always be in their favor, and they calmly make good time.

Ruxpin gets picked up in a Spinrad VTOL before they depart the harbor, brought straight to the PJ, and flown across much more rapidly. Him and Nazira have the promised suborbital fuckfest, climaxing during the brief moment of zero gravity. They touch down, and he tells Nazira that the meeting with Gabby will be their absolute second priority, which she is again annoyed by until he clarifies that their first stop is to get fresh ID’s etc, which she admits is a good plan, given the heavy surveillance in the corpo parts of town. Ruxpin makes contact with Goat Foot, who expends the cursed sand in a ritual to heal his rotting feet, which fortunately works. She also gives him a few tips about running in Dubai, and he gives her some intel on what his team’s skills and morals are.

She seems to find these all acceptable, as she suggests another runner, a skilled smuggler named 2XL, to help the team sneak in through Dubai’s notorious port, passing his contact on. She also suggests that the team could likely find some good gear, or work, at IDEX, a massive arms and merc expo about to start in town. Ruxpin calls his NAN contacts, and gets some soft job suggestions if he has time to explore there. Otherwise, he wanders a bit and gets a feel for the town, busting out a spare, fresh SIN he had kept in his back pocket for just such an occasion. Prep for the pre-Tour festivities is in full swing, though he finds there is a harsh divide between the parts of town meant for tourists and those meant for locals, and especially those meant for the often immigrant workers who keep the city building and running. DuPol polices with an eye towards the flexible nature of the different parts of town, but the religious police, the Mudaween, are much stricter in their areas of influence.

The rest of the team has an uneventful journey, other than a mid-Atlantic stop, where they meet with a quiet crew of West Africans (maybe Lagosians? maybe Ghanain? they don’t say much) who quickly and efficiently respray their yacht, change it’s registry chips, alter the hull and drive profiles, and make some additional modifications to make it look like a whole new ship, Well away from shipping lanes and any landmasses, they hope this changeover has gone unnoticed, finding some welcome cloud cover, though no storm, has likely concealed them from satellites above. They sail on afterwards, and eventually find themselves approaching Dubai. They get a mental message from Mako that they should turn on HarborGuide and matrix again, as this is where the SD’s sage guidance must depart. They do so, making contact with Ruxpin to let him know to get this 2XL on the line, and make sure they can safely dock and enter the city, yet more exiles and refugees washing up on it’s shores to seek their fortunes.