Snuggling Compartment
Every Time You Do This, It Takes Time
07 SEP 2025
Runners
Echo
Ruxpin
Breeze
Tenure
Hunch

With some various tasks ready to go, the team debates where to start, and gets a small nudge with a few messages that Echo receives. Thomas Roxborough needs an outside security detail for a high end biz meeting, and requests the team’s assistance. Echo agrees, and he says to let him know when they are ready to roll. Echo also gets a message from Joanna Krstic, their erstwhile Grey Cell and Colloton associated fixer, with a set of coords out in the desert. They decide to investigate that first and folly up with Roxie later on. Tenure declares that he is comfortable driving, and they buy a set of off-road run flats for the van to up their chances of success.

They also buy some desert suits to alleviate the heat effects of their heavier armor and gear from NYC, with Ruxpin instead upgrading his combat armor to have a cooling system. They reach the coordinates with Ruxpin only having to get out to push a few times, and are well out of town, over some dunes in the desert. They find a small group of desert-equipped mercs with a satlink and a small herd of what seem to be DotCamels, the e-critters. Confirming that that is indeed what they are via Echo’s matrix senses and Hunch’s assensing, they are all impressed as 4 of the merc’s herd the camels into a ring around a central tent, seemingly creating an impromptu wilderness SCIF.

The 5th figure comes forward, lowering her mask to reveal that this is Krstic, with her distinct all-black cybereyes with blue pinprick centers. She ushers them into the tent, and welcomes them into Grey Cell’s Project: NEMESIS, giving them a very cursory briefing on the updates of the investigation of and fight against the DIsians, which seems to have progressed significantly while the team was on the astral planes. It seems like Faustian infiltration, Chimera use, and metahuman trafficking have all increased in scope and commonality, and spread globally- no longer confined to specific locales like Denver and LA. Worried about what they are up to, GC has lead the charge in amassing allies and resources to counter the Disians actions, under the NEMESIS operational banner.

With the stakes roughly laid out, Krstic says the briefing will have to continue later, as an urgent situation has occurred locally which requires the team’s immediate attention. A schoolbus full of Awakened kids from a local academy that serves the lower income populace, and readies their children for state or corp employ give their talents, has been attacked, and Krstic believes from initial reports that most or all of the 23 students aboard have been kidnapped. She needs the team to track the kidnappers and rescue the kids before they get to the Dubai port, a notorious global hub of metahuman trafficking- if they disappear into the port, they will likely be lost.

Krstic also tells them that they have not for sure confirmed Disian involvement, but that this fits their general metric, so it will be the team’s first NEMESIS op, telling them that next up they will likely be taking on a Faustian within MCT’s ranks, who is traveling to town for the pre-Tour activities. The team heads out, with Tenure once again just barely managing to navigate safely through the shifting sands. They reach the site of the crash and find DuPol traffic cops and some uniforms managing the scene, laying out evidence markers, etc. It looks like the kidnappers shot the driver, though he managed to trip the emergency alert just before, alerting Krstic and others who were monitoring.

Echo distracts the cops while Ruxpin takes a sniff around and analyzes with his gas mask, and Hunch and the others take a look from within the van. They piece together roughly what happened here, with Echo paying off some locals at a nearby teahouse to fill in some missing details. The attackers seems to have used one junky van to crash into the bus and tip it over, before racing up in two APC’s and 2 moto’s, killing the driver, and NeuroStunning the bus. They then set off some Cleaner-Cleaner bombs over the whole scene and drove off. They also used some kind of massive jamming effect in the attack, as well as some kind of mental effect spell, so the team assumes they are looking at a capable team with at least a mage, a rigger, a decker, and 2+ muscle.

Luckily some of the teahouse guys saw some useful identifying features, so the team starts tracking the APC’s and bikes via their distinct off-road tire tracks, leading away from the scene. Ruxpin also calls 2XL, and gets some tips from the Troll smuggler about where their targets might be. 2XL calls in some info favors (on Ruxpin’s dime) and confirms that there isn’t a high-speed chase to the port happening right now, so the smugglers have likely holed up at a safehouse, likely some building partially concealed in plant life, a bit rarer in these parts, and are waiting a change of transport while their keep their hot vehicles off the streets. Breeze gets the blimp headed over and watches out of it’s sensors, also keeping the VTOL nearby in case of need.

After some incredible tracking from Hunch, they find an overgrown large garage/small warehouse type building tucked down a side alley behind a disreputable-looking tea house, in a district marked as “please don’t do here, tourists” by DuPol. Breeze takes a look from above and spots a tarp out back with some moto’s and APC’s tucked under, and then puts the blimp back on auto-pilot while he sneaks up on foot, with the van parked around the corner awaiting his signal. He gets close enough to confirm the vehicles and Hunch spots some matrix activity coming from inside, and manages to snoop on the comms, finding out that the kidnappers are waiting on 2 choppers that are just under an hour away.

The team calls their own chopper, 15 minutes out, and arranges for the Grey Cell pilots to meet them at a nearby just large enough intersection on the edge of town ahead of the enemy chopper’s arrival. Hunch goes to assense, and confirms that both kidnappers and kids are on-site, but either he and Breeze tripped something, and they see the enemy mage notice them while also assensing. Breeze tells Ruxpin to go around back and disable the APC’s but leave the bikes, while the team breaches the other door, to try to flush the kidnappers out the back onto the bikes but not allow them to take any of the kids.

Breeze also ponders how maybe he doesn’t actually want to be the one making these kind of decisions and that maybe Tenure, Hunch or Echo will take the mantle, and get Ruxpin to view them as the true leader. For now, he smoothly picks the lock, while Tenure races the van up the alley, and Ruxpin dashes around back, and starts punching the tires on the APC’s like a true madman. As Breeze pops the door open, Hunch gets a look inside, and does some proactive defense, figuring out sightlines and enemy positions to help his team defend themselves.Tenure massively overcasts a massive illusory bug swarm, slowing the enemies just enough that Breeze and Echo are able to breach and take down the first goon before he gets a shot off.

With Hunch’s defense assist, they both dodge most of the return fire, though Breeze’s armor get’s shredded by auto-fire from the rigger’s drone. The enemy team seems capable and has set up a quick defense once they noticed the attackers, with the kids sedated and scattered around the floor- a target rich environment, with a lot of collateral risk, so the team has to proceed cautiously, Echo does an effective intimidation, hoisting their chrome shotgun aloft, as Breeze and Ruxpin (returned from his sabotage out back charge forward to engage, with Ruxpin being extra terrifying by bypassing the other muscle and heading for the mage in the backline.

The adversaries, perhaps deciding that survival is the best option, pop smoke grenades, and head out the back door while the drone lays down suppressing fire. Breeze and Echo dive for cover while Ruxpin charges through it, which also allows him to bat back a final, lethal grenade that is chucked at the team, managing to swat it into the drone, destroying it. As the team hears cursing from out back and the roar of motorcycles, they start frantically chucking the sedated kids into the van, as a lot of non-suppressed gunfire has surely summoned DuPol and/or the Mudaween, and the team doesn’t want to explain. Breeze heads out to the teahouse, and calls in the gunfire and fleeing moto’s using his Grand Tour SIN, and getting a stern talking to about heading back to an approved district immediately, which he does via VTOL.

The rest of the team finishes frantically loading, and races over to the meet location with their incoming GC chopper, with Ruxpon and Echo dashing on foot with the final kid who didn’t fit. Echo shots excuses at passerby, putting their Arabic skills to good use once again, while Ruxpin quickly outpaces them, managing to essentially match the van’s arrival time. The chopper sets down hard amidst some major prop wash, and the the merc crew aboard gestures at the team to hurry, strapping the kids in with cargo webbing as the team tosses them on, as carefully as they all can. They get them on, and the the chopper lifts off again, racing off into the night sky over the desert, as the team flees back into more dense parts of town.

With Tenure’s merely sufficient driving, they are relying on the morphing plates and spoof chips to protect them, which seems to work just well enough, as they are scanned but not stopped by incoming DuPol. They get a nice business hotel suite for the night, not wanting to potentially lead any later investigations to their safehouse and Tour SINs. They park the van out of sight and get some nice room service, swapping plates and spoof chip again before leaving the private hotel garage. They call up Roxie and arrange to help him with his task just after lunch, and Echo also messages to Krstic to set a followup meeting. She also sends along payment- a little low, but the team feels like they did a good thing.

Ruxpin chats briefly to Fargus Sol who says that GC has had to move up to a higher security comms protocol and suggests calling back once they are more secure, but Echo confirms via Krstic that the DIMR has taken charge of the children at a secure location, and will see to their ongoing education, as well as contacting the appropriate family and caretakers. Echo manages to track down a Kama Sutra and also some old-school dead tree porno mags, and makes a funny little present for Marie Claire d’Orleans, feeling that the team will likely find the flirty gossip to be a useful ally on the Tour. With that, they prepare to head over and find out what trouble Roxie is going to get them into.

