Teamwork Power Bottom
It's a Regatta! It's a Cottilion! It's a Regatta/Cottlion!
15 SEP 2025
Runners
Echo
Ruxpin
Bug
Breeze
Tenure
Hunch

The team tucks away the SINs they used on the last job, since they know they got flagged by DuPol, planning to save them for future use out of town. They also upgrade the van with some Electrochromic Coating and some enhanced pilot programs and autodrive. Echo makes note of the Chip Souk and it’s punny food stand for later while shopping for programs and upgrades. Breeze tries to get everyone to chip into upgrading the blimp some more as well, but for now most of the team is focused on needing a functional job van so he receives minimal contributions. They also call Roxie to get a vibe for what level of security he’s looking for at the meeting in the afternoon, and make sure everyone has appropriate outfits for their role. Breeze also calls a quick meeting and announces he only wants to be “spiritual leader” of the team, so Tenure agrees to be the “leader”, which Ruxpin needs, while Echo and Tenure sidebar to explain the situation and dynamic.

Hunch also does some research into DIMR to make sure the kids they rescued will be alright, and comes away largely reassured, finding that the team file actually has a good amount of info on a secure magic (and other “gifted” children) school that Ehran the Scribe has been working to establish alongside the Tir Prince-in-exile Sean Laverty, on the run from Elf supremacists for his reform work. Past team members have made a few suggestions of staff for the school, although they seem to be keeping the whole endeavor quite secretive (and possibly off-plane?) as Tenure hasn’t seen any postings about it on job boards and the like, and it seems like positions would be quite competitive. Also reviewing the team file, they determine that that Disians experiment in LA and Denver seem to have given them info on who to use for whatever they’re up to and how best to do so, so a secretive and well-protected school seems like probably the best option for these kids.

With that done, they head down to the docks, where they are mildly surprised to find Ruiz Ferdiña waiting for them, and insisting on a blood check on all of them before taking them out in the launch. After he agrees to give the blood samples back to them so they can verify their destruction later, the team all goes along, as does Roxie, and RF seems satisfied, allowing everyone to board the smallish boat. Piloting is an Orge woman with a dancer’s physique., who they take to be Luisa Creus, one of RF’s known associates. No sign of the TM Pol Gual, though the team had heard that PG always operates remotely.

The team confers briefly with Roxie about roles, plans and timings without going into anything, as they aren’t sure of RF’s loyalties here. As they head out of the harbor a ways, they approach a small fleet orbiting a super-yacht that Hunch recognizes from his research a few days back. It is AZT board member Ding Ramos’ mobile fortress, the “Eternidad.” With a few corvettes and a large amount of drones accompanying it, they are already feeling unsure of their ability to safely get away if the meeting goes awry, though Roxie plays it cool. This does explain why he shot down (har har) their question of whether it was worth having a blimp sniper in reserve.

As they board the craft, they get a quick inspection by two full-clanker cyber-soldiers, looking like they are probably just on the edge of cyberpsychosis, but with no trace of Blood Magic that the team can detect- so at least not cyberzombies. They also see a cybered-up jungle cat slinking through the shadows of the large deck, assorted additional security concealed amongst the crew of the boat, and 2 undercover but recognizable Jaguar Guards, AZT’s elite cadre. With a quick assessment, Ruxpin confirms that the team is outmatched and outgunned, so they better keep things cool and professional.

With the initial presentation of force out of the way, Ramos’ people allow the team to do a security inspection of the deck where the meeting will take place, where they also spot some milspec defensive equipment- anti-drone and -missile systems and defenses, high-end sensor arrays, and the like. Though the vessel doesn’t seem to have the offensive armament of a warship of it’s size, it makes up for it in it’s extensive defensive systems. Suitably impressed, and even more sure they won’t be leaving without Ramos’ permission, they signal to Roxie that all looks good, and he heads to the rear deck area with them.

Ruxpin, the only one in full body armor, makes sure to keep an eye on the Jaguar Guards, figuring he may be able to take one of them if needed. Everyone else, besuited, spreads out around the deck as Ramos and Roxie greet each other. Ramos is (ostentatiously) fresh from a workout, and Breeze is impressed by his seemingly earned muscle- he likely has some magic or ’ware backing him up but he also seems to be legit doing the martial arts and whatnot. The team is initially baffled by the two VIPs first exchange, in which Roxie seems to mock Ramos for taking his acquisition of “castles” to the sea, and Ramos in turn gives Roxie a copy of “Alice in Wonderland”, which he seems almost unwilling to touch, and quickly passes along to the team to dispose of at their leisure.

Conversing quickly over comms, they recall that the matrix entity that crashed the power at Roxie’s big entrance at the gala a few nights back may be the being known as ALICE, and that this could explain the gift and response, though they remain unsure about what exactly Roxie was on about with Ramos and castles. He certainly seems paranoid, or possibly prepared. Echo remains nearest the two men as they converse, offering small insights quickly over comms to Roxie on Ramos’ well-schooled expressions and responses. They also overhear Roxie congratulating Ramos on his recent acquisition of one of the Waypoint station apartment units- Waypoint being the orbital station and trans-shipment hub at the top of the Skyhook space elevator.

Roxie offers tips for life in space, having just returned, though Ramos suggests he plans to travel there fully embodied so isn’t sure how useful the advice will be, as most of Roxie’s experience was a a brain in a jar being the implication. Echo notes that each additional mention of Ramos’ recent plans, travels and purchases seems to get a small but notable response, and assumes Roxie is intentionally throwing him off balance. With the initial banter out of the way, they get down to the meat of the meeting, and Echo continues to get the feeling that the two have a long history of at least casual acquaintance. They seem to be primarily discussing leveraging existing and establishing new relationships with assorted international syndicates, including the mafia and Asociacón Vasquez, which could explain RF’s presence, as a former enforcer and now fixer for the Lisbon mob.

They also seem to be discussing their relative positions withing their corporations, and seemingly the possible use of these new and existing syndicate relationships, to explore the possible foundation of a new corp with their sizeable assets- not dissimilar to the initial foundation of AZT itself, which emerged as sort of corp coop amongst a number of Ghost Cartels, in concert with institutional capture of the relevant nation state. This is all pretty high level and fascinating, but seems generally chummy, though the team keeps an eye out for any threats. Hunch notices a few more interesting things- at least one of the cyber-soldiers has a major Dissonant air about him, which implies he might be one of the Boston variety of alternate “cyberombies”- kind of a Dissonant version of Heat’s cyberadept abilities.

The other is that Ramos’ fleet seems to include at least one sub of some sort, making the team extra glad they didn’t bring theirs over on autopilot as a backup, as it could have triggered a whole thing. With the meeting winding down, Ramos extends an offer to Roxie to take a suite on the yacht for his use during the Tour, which Roxie gratefully accepts, though he says he likely will keep his current lodgings for the duration of the Dubai stay, as he is enjoying exploring the pleasures of his new flesh, and join the yacht for the trip up to Lisbon when they depart. Ramos also, winkingly, invites any on the team who have Tour passes to attend his private party for the evenings mobile cotillion and regatta.

The team and Roxie head back out, and the team decides to use the ride back as an opportunity to make some progress with RF. They chat with him a bit, with Echo and Tenure mostly translating for Breeze, who doesn’t share a common language. Ruxpin chips in as well, offering up a tale of his team’s disappearance, and eventual return, after which RF gives him a knowing look and says that Ruxpin then should understand why he needed to verify that everyone were who they said they were before allowing them to board the Eternidad. Ruxpin agrees, and conferring the team confirms that this means that RF, Ramos, or both are concerned about Disian infiltration, and presumably scanning for purple blood.

RF, in turn, shares a tale of his own- seemingly suggesting that he was able to recognize enough people on the team (Echo especially is relying mostly on different SINs, wanting to be a useful contact point in various realms for the team’s dealing along the Tour route) and knows some things about them. The gist of his tale is that Gabrielle al’Thani should be told by someone she trusts that she ought to repay her husbnad’s extensive syndicate debts before something bad happens, especially as the next Tour stop will be in Lisbon, a major syndicate hub. The team doesn’t agree to anything explicitly, but this seems promising for their being some room for Gabby to negotiate, as they don’t get the impression that RF is fully out for blood due to Johnny’s death or anything.

Hunch also spends some time analyzing Creus, alongside Echo, and they determine that she is actually keeping an eye on everything in the astral, while pretending to pilot, and that Pol Gual is actually remotely controlling the vessel from elsewhere. Echo tries to chat Creus up a bit, and gets shut down pretty hard. They get back to shore, and RF reminds them that he is a paid liaison for new Tour attendees, especially for the non-European amongst them, if they have questions of etiquette, protocol and the like, leaving room for future conversation. They head out, and decide to focus on getting ready for the night’s festivities. They end up spending some more money on the blimp after all, expanding it’s seating and upgrading it’s amenities, as well as stocking it with some good booze and snacks.

The plan is for Breeze to host a small private gathering aboard during the regatta/cotillion, and to try to invite some guests that they specifically wish to converse with, following up on more of Gabby’s leads. Much of the team spends the remainder of the afternoon and early evening putting together an impressive narrative about Johnny’s death and who was truly responsible (blaming the Null and ANIMUS, but with proof and leads that will only point to burned down labs, dead hosts and the like), and finding that given how much they know they are able to make it all surprisingly plausible. They also pay Kobold and some other hackers to help plant their story online, backdating posts and the like to seed certain bits of information in assorted places.

With that, they “set the hook”, inviting Helena Chomsky to attend, offering a secure environment for a private chat about what they’ve uncovered about Johnny’s death. Tempted, she agrees. For the other part of their plan, Tenure and Bug make some calls to Anya Spinrad and to Murdoch and his cicerone Donatien to ensure both youth and their chaperones are present , offering a lesson in the history and magical geography of the region from the unique aerial perspective, which both pairs agree to, and Tenure frantically brushes up to be able to deliver a viable lecture. Hunch and Ruxpin plan to quietly circulate, map patterns, observe social interactions and the like. Echo aims to make second contact with MCO, and see if she received their gift, in order to strengthen that relationship, and also to see and be seen by other attendees, setting up future opportunities.

With everything in place, they arrive via blimp or boat to their various destinations, and begin. Hunch and Echo both make some useful social deductions about alliances, enmities and the like which should come in handy over time. Echo also manages to encounter MCO, who flirtatiously returns the carved out kama sutra, telling Echo that she dog-eared the pages she’s already tried, and suggest they have a friendly competition to see who can round out the book first during the Tour. She also added a little gift to help smooth Echo’s path, and they open it to find she has put some high-strength industrial lube in, in a perfume jar of her brand. They exchange contact info, and engage in some further banter before drifting apart.

Hunch manages to spot another suspicious “chance encounter”, similar to the one the team spotted at the Met(a) Gala in NYC. Gabby and Cara Villiers, the NeoNET heir and head of Novatech, bump into each other aboard the party on Gabby’s yacht- another “random” encounter that may have been a useful excuse for some sort of valuable exchange. Hunch also determines that hosts are all playing intense social games, and files it away that sabotaging a rival’s party, or finding out the details of such ahead of time, could be a quite useful service to offer to ingratiate themselves throughout the Tour. For instance, Gabby has a proper full-size yacht, but it is still of a size where it can dock normally- as this party is it’s debut, there is surely some sort of complex commentary between that and Ramos’ over-sized boat, but the team can’t quite figure out who “won”.

There are also other blimps and aircraft, including a circling Zeiss-branded private jet that seems to be offering minor cyber-surgeries on the go. Doing some quick research, they find that this is run by a woman named Bozena Nepovima, a highly-skilled surgeon who apparently always makes Tour appearances with a top notch mobile clinic. The plane may be a new touch to help counter what sounds like frequent extraction attempts against her. Her client list is well-guarded and exclusive, but she is in high demand if you can get an invite. Aboard the team’s own blimp, Breeze prepares to sell the Johnny con, and then almost loses it and panics when Jonathon Blake boards alongside Chomsky.

Echo provides some remote social support, and Breeze sticks with the plan to Chomsky, while tight-beaming Blake on the side, that they can help each other out here. Blake remains non-committal for the moment, saying he’ll see how good the story is first. Luckily, the team and especially Hunch did an impressive job putting it all together, and Chomsky seems inclined to go along with it. Apparently satisfied, Blake also backs it up, subtly, and privately messages Breeze that the team will repay him for his support by ensuring that he has casual-seeming meeting opportunities with the Quints and with Queen Caroline over the course of the Tour. Breeze, without other options, agrees.

With Chomsky seemingly onboard for the moment, they’ve made a good start- she says she will continue digging, but assuming all their real and planted evidence holds up, they hope she will remain convinced. She shares some intel with them about internal discord within current and former Spinrad employees over the whole thing, and seems to suggest that despite her loyalties to Johnny, she would be relieved to have Gabby proven to be not involved, as she seems to have a lot of empathy for her and seems to generally think she has been making some good changes in the corp. She says some of her other associates and Johnny loyalists may be harder to convince, but if everything checks out, she thinks enough will come around.

Blake manages to subtly name drop Shaheed Zahir, a name the team didn’t know before, as seemingly someone to look into in Spinrad who may be behind or involved with some of Gabby’s troubles there. This could also be another useful scapegoat for future expansion of the con, as could some of the disaffected hangers-on and party entourage of Johnny’s that Chomsky had mentioned. Meanwhile, Tenure and Bug are entertaining their other guests, while 4 mid-tier influencers take a bunch of photos, having been hired by Breeze to fill out the group a little and add some more “party” energy, not making it some transparent what the team is up to.

Tenure manages to draw Murdoch out, just a bit, with Donatien’s assistance, talking about leylines, magical power sites, and the like, though the teen remains extremely shy and awkward. Noticing that Anya is bored and drifting over towards more interesting activities, Bug sneaks her some alcohol and arranges to “steal” the team VTOL to transport them both over to the Quints’ party of the larger Wuxing cargo blimp nearby, after Tenure convinces Anya’s cicerone, Layla, that a little bit of supervised, safe rebellion will be good, making clear that Bug has useful defensive skills and will be monitored the whole time. Layla reluctantly agrees, and the two more social teens head to the party, while Murdoch continues to slowly open up a bit, oblivious to their exit, and eventually admitting that he hasn’t gotten much attention at home since the birth of his half-sibling and crown-heir.

His mother and Queen Caroline, having already scandalized the more conservative members of the British establishment with a lesbian marriage and shared pregnancy (Caroline carried the baby for 7 months before passing it to Michelle’s womb to finish, not wanting to leave the throne unoccupied during birth and recovery), have further shocked the regressive by keeping the infant and heir to the throne gender-neutral thus far, which has only further inflamed the already intense press cycle. Murdoch doesn’t seem to mind being less in the press spotlight, but does seem to be relishing some academic socialization.

Anya and Bug have a good time at the Quints blimp, with Bug sneakily acting as a safety-first chaos agent- intervening if Anya is dancing a little too close to someone older, watering down their drinks, sneaking off together to look for trouble but managing to avoid actually finding anything too dangerous etc. The Quints are just older enough to not want to hang with Anya, who seems to wish to consider them full peers. With both Bug and Tenure feeling that they made useful social progress, and the team having gotten a major coup in the thus far successful con, they retire for the evening satisfied, and receive a request for another meeting with Joanna Krstic, with a new location attached. She wants to continue their NEMESIS briefing, and has details on their next mission to pass along in person. The team rests, and Tenure finally gets a proper chance to heal from overcasting illusions while rescuing the magic kids.