BYO Cave
'Ware and Tear
29 SEP 2025
Runners
Echo
Bug
Breeze
Tenure
Hunch

The team begins prep for the difficult extraction ahead, making a punch list of important things missing from, and needed for, their plan. Ruxpin calls up 2XL and gets the name of a skilled rigger and pilot who happens to be in town, Sergei Vipin, who might be down to hire on to run the VTOL until it goes on autopilot into the sandstorm. 2XL suggests hitting Zakhar up again for the rest of their list, and the team heads over to do so, with Breeze splitting off to head to Vipin’s office, as he is still concerned he offended Zakhar too much to be useful in the chat.

Breeze negotiates a price with Vipin, after they climb aboard his custom VTOL “Lilya” for a private convo. He once again almost blows by making an ill-timed joke about how he isn’t a cop but manages to pull it back, and eventually arranges for a sizeable payday for Vipin for the short but high risk task, in addition to putting in a good word for Breeze with the Finns if the job goes well. It turns out the FInns are “Karavanli”, denizens of the roaming informal city of blimps, car, trucks, and more called Karavan, where Vipin often makes stops and pickups as well.

The rest of the team have good luck with Zakhar, getting a recommendation for who to talk to to acquire poisons and pre-packed satchel charges, since the team doesn’t trust their own demolition skills. Echo and Tenure head to the Spice Souk to meet up with Sunny, an Egyptian “old gods” cultist and worshipper of the duality of Khonsu- both healer and poisoner. They’ve been forewarned not to insult his faith lest they find themselves on the bad side of his ministrations, and luckily Tenure actually knows just a little about the tradition, so they make a solid go of the conversation. After confirming that their target needs to merely brush death without crossing over, Sunny provides some DMSO capsules laced with Slab for Bug to custom load a sniper round.

Tenure also stops in at Souk al-Tariqa to stock up on reagents. He is glad that Zakhar provided directions and an introduction as this semi-licit market is especially hard to find, and many of it’s wares are well concealed. He gets what he needs, and is excited to remember that he no longer needs to hold onto the scarcity mentality of his time in the Lockdown QZ. Meanwhile, the rest other 3 head out to the Ghazu Racetrack on the edge of town. Breeze loses a little money, with Hunch making it up by winning a little more, as they look around for Fawzan, the fixer with extremist ties that Zakhar recommended.

Hunch and Bug eventually spot him, and they make their way carefully through the dense crowd, having been warned that foreigners and non-Muslims are not well-liked by all of the regulars at this locale. Luckily, Bug manages to bond a bit with Fawzan over the shared oppression of Muslims and other minorities, including some Hanuman communities, in the Indian Union’s more Hindu supremacist regions, which helps smooth things over. He gives them some coords out in the desert and a time for that evening, and says someone will meet them there, after they give him a few assurances about their plans for the explosives (he seems fine with anti-corp work in town, after confirming which corp is involved).

Bug, Breeze and Hunch take the van out to the desert rendezvous a little later, and find some well-camouflaged freedom fighter types waiting for them. Conversing with one of them, who insists that no names are needed, they make a deal, and offer some more assurances that no Muslims will be targeted, and the team will do their best to limit damage to out of town corpo’s. They arrange payment again, having blown through their job fund from Krstic and having to dip deeply into group funds to cover everything. But, they feel much better prepared. With the updated plan, Ruxpin also grabs desert ghillie suits for Tenure and Bug, and Tenure also learns the Levitate spell, with a formula also gained in al-Tariqa.

They end the day with Echo and Hunch taking advantage of their Grand Tour networking to invite a bunch of people to the indoor ski slopes for the next day. One slope seems to be reserved for a private event for the MCT researcher, Dana Hallow, but the other one is open to customers, and they figure more people on site is good cover for movement, recon, and a little extra chaos if needed. Echo buys a bunch of booze to smuggle in, figuring that getting a bunch of Tour attendees tipsy will only help. They awaken the next day, load up, collect the rest of the gear they ordered, and head out, patching Vipin in to the TacNet on a read only channel for comms and drone piloting.

They drop Bug, Tenure and Ruxpin off in the desert out of line of sight if the slope’s protective domes, and are upset to see the extremity of the sandstorm blowing rapidly their way. That team hunkers down under their desert camo, and waits for the signal. Hunch and Echo head into the party, finding many people there excited by the large amount of free booze Echo brought. They head up to the ski lodge at the top, and hold court there, with MCO, Adrien Saurat and some of the other Tour socialites eventually joining them and holding court. They do manage to get some good recon on the adjacent slope’s security measures while doing so.

It looks like Hallow is accompanied on each of her descents by 2 elite guards, while one more elite guard and one regular wait at the top of the slope, and at the bottom. 2 more guards watch the door in from the parking garage. Echo sees that it is likely possible to work one’s way over to the other slope from up where they are, but they are separate enough that it would be a bit obvious. They hold off for now and keep an eye out. Meanwhile, Breeze has snuck out of the van in the garage, and checked out the security out there. 3 armored vehicles, likely with riggers inside, are parked just outside the entrance, with 4 guards on a rotating patrol.

Breeze does manage to figure out their patrol patterns, and manages to slip under the first car, planting a charge. As he moves to the next vehicle, one of the guards nearly spots him, and Hunch sets off a nearby car alarm as a distraction via quick hack. Breeze gets the second charge on, but almost gets spotted again getting to the 3rd car, and Hunch honks another car’s horn loudly as another distraction. With all this, they tell the outside team to get airborne, and Tenure, after a few tries, gets a big Levitate going, and they keep themselves wrapped in their camo as they ascend the edge of the sandstorm, getting buffeted around but holding strong for now. They go a ways higher than the dome before approaching to try to avoid detection, and can see the massive storm looming quite ways into the distance and moving in fast. There does seem to be something magical about it also.

With the second car-based distraction in the parking garage, the MCT security detail seems to be on high alert, and Breeze is momentarily trapped. He does get the 3rd charge in place though. Inside, Echo and Hunch spot Hallow insisting on 1 final run before her security makes her leave, with facility staff also telling everyone that they recommend staying inside until after the sandstorm passes at this point. The outside team descends to the dome as sand starts to cover it’s exterior, blocking view of them. Tenure places the charge as Ruxpin and Bug take aim at their targets- the skiing Hallow and the closer of her two guards. Hunch triggers the charges, with Breeze using the brief distraction of the guards preparing to leave to slip away and not get blown up with them.

The 3 cars outside are blown upwards into the garage ceiling and crushed, crashing to the ground in flames, while the guards around them are scattered about though not as badly hurt as the riggers, who are unlikely to have survived. Breeze slips back into the van and hides in the smuggling compartment in case the guards do a sweep. The charge on the dome also blows, opening a hole that sands starts pouring through, and everyone takes their shots- unfortunately both Tenure and Ruxpin fail to effect the guard behind Hallow, but she does tuck in and start descending faster in response, trying to reach the guard ahead of her, which gives Bug a tiny window to take a tricky shot with the Slab capsule.

He manages to tag Hallow, who slumps over, but manages to crush an alchemical prep in a vial on a necklace as she does so, triggering a physical barrier spell around herself. 3 of the elite guards sprout wings, and the team realizes that these are the only 4 guards whose faces they have yet to see, and assume they are concealed Chimera. The 4th elite guard goes to cover Hallow’s body/bubble with their body. The 4 all also pop some kind of alchemical prep, and seem to grow faster and stronger from doing so. Ruxpin and Tenure fire at the approaching 3 with minimal effect, between their armor and what seems like some sort of magical damage resistance. Bug gets another lucky shot and manages to break the dome, revealing the unconscious Hallow underneath.

Tenure, realizing their best option is the get Hallow and get out quick, instructs everyone to focus on that, and uses his Levitate spell to get the guard near Hallow unwillingly out of the way, with Ruxpin and Bug taking him out with sniper fire as the stealth VTOL, piloted remotely by Vipin, slips in and scoops up Hallow on an impressively rapid approach, leaving afterburner scars down the slope as it rockets up towards the dome exit again. One of the flying Chimera breaks off to intercept it, and Hunch frantically provides some tactical advice on avoiding enemy contact with a matrix analysis- luckily it looks like the enemy TacNet was in one of their destroyed vehicles, so they are in momentary comms disarray.

Echo convinces some of the more risky influencers to accompany them on a jaunt over to the other slope to see what all the excitement is, as further distraction, though MCO, Saurat, and Anya Spinrad (disappointed not to find Bug there to get into trouble with) all decline, perhaps being more attuned to the danger involved. The VTOL manages to escape, but Ruxpin is stabbed and injured by one of the Chimera, who uses the knife to hold onto him as Tenure starts levitating the 3 runners up into the sandstorm. Bug swaps over to monofil whip while avoiding attacks from the other Chimera, and Tenure gets some more spells off at the one holding onto Ruxpin before Bug manages to slice them off, watching them drop away into the sand.

They seem to have lost the other Chimera as well, and Tenure starts focusing on just getting safely down, as the storm has gotten quite bad. They hunker down under their camo and try to wait it out, but both Bug and Tenure passing out from the harsh conditions eventually. Ruxpin manages to stabilize them with the medkit, taking some damage himself to focus on their care, before the storm finally abates, and he finds that morning has come. He manages to get Tenure awake again, but Bug is badly hurt and out for the count. Meanwhile, Echo and Hunch take advantage of the chaos to slip out with others on the Tour, and end up drinking with MCO and a few hangers-on in the van in the garage, while Breeze wistfully listens to them all having fun from down in the smuggling compartment.

Facility staff and onsite DuPol, likely present due to the Tour attendees end up in a bit of standoff with MCT personnel, but it seems that lacking outside comms due to the storm, cooler heads prevail for long enough that a large Spinrad Global/Sphinx Security contingent arrives and sends the MCT group packing in some loaner vehicles- this seems likely to end up in arbitration or similar, but at least didn’t turn into a massive gunfight. MCO and the others make their exits as well, and the team in the van returns to town, frantically calling up Zakhar again to get the desert team extracted before MCT can get magical assets onsite and track them down.

Zakhar recommends a Bedouin smuggler with no love for the corps, named Nimat Jamillah, who is luckily near town when they call, and agrees to help them out for another sizeable price. He first sends a small sand spirit to assess, which Ruxpin and Tenure are surprised to see, and then sad to see leave, until a larger group of people and spirits show up to ferry them away, taking them out into the desert before coming back to Dubai from a different direction under fresh SINs to stay clean. By the time they return, Krstic has also sent the VTOL back, sans Hallow, with a large payment for the crew for their trouble. A tough job, but they succeeded! They hear some reports on the boards of a large internal purge kicking off at MCT, with rumors of Horizon or other corps being behind the infiltration, and wonder if their extraction triggered that large of a response.

They’ve just made some good contacts around town finally and are feeling more set up here, but it seems like from MCO and others’ gossip that the Tour will soon be moving on to it’s next stop in Lisbon, though with various optional ports of call en route. Vipin is good to his word and the Karavanli let Breeze know that they are headed out, but to seek the in Cloud City in the AGS if he ends up up that way and is still seeking more mods to his blimp. The team also gives final rent and notice to Zakhar that they will soon be moving on, and he wishes them well and thanks them for all the biz. Gabby has one last task for them in town before they leave- she needs some photos to be taken at a certain secret meeting, without her permission or knowledge or course, and then tastefully leaked. They agree, and rest up for the night, with a few members of the team pretty battered from the last two day’s activities.