Docking in Perfect Harmony
Exploring the Null Homeworld
21 SEP 2025
Runners
Echo
Ruxpin
Bug
Breeze
Tenure
Hunch

Waking up late the day after the regatta/cotillion, the team decides to finally follow through on the Grey Cell job, and their deal with Gabby, and Foundation dive through the Spinrad Global host and follow the vines. Echo learns the Hitchhiker program to be able to take the team along with, using their strange magical hacker abilities, and the team mentally prepare themselves, reading up on past team journeys to the Foundation, Reflecting Pool, and the like. After some discussion, Ruxpin agrees to hang back and watch their bodies.

They head to the SG HQ, and meet up with Nazira for a training session, as planned. She gets “called away”, and they see that a wall panel has been left open, with an access port for repair tapped into a dataline. Echo heads over, settles on the floor, and touches it, with the rest of the team touching them to ride along, and situating their assorted SimRigs, TrodeNets and the like. Ruxpin tapes them all together with grip tape as they go under, to make sure noone accidentally disconnects. He watches the gym carefully for threats.

The team all find themselves in a bustling corp host, and change their appearances to blend in better. Hoping not to attract attention, they sneak, through, following the well-concealed and seemingly non-intrusive vines that they spot buried under sand throughout the desert landscape, flowing between various caves dotted about. Finding the largest grouping of vines yet, they assume this must be the Null Node, and head inside. Therein they encounter a glowing genie-style lamp, and dive in, following the vines down.

As they enter the Deep Foundation, they find what they assume to be the Transfer Circuit, the tech provided to Danielle delaMar by “Hengester” (aka The Greens), a Deus cult of Arcology Shutdown survivors, which in concert with The 100 experiment allowed for the establishment of the Foundation. This one is not modified and damaged in the way the one “under” Detroit was, the last time the team had been to the Deep Foundation proper. They continue following the vines through a winding cave system, with Hunch luckily feeling very confident on his ability to follow them back to their point of origin.

They eventually emerge out of another cave mouth onto the lower face of a mountain. Around them they see other cave openings also spewing forth thick bundles of vines towards a dense jungle below. The mountain itself seems to ascend out of sight above them, and they assume this is the metaphorical representation of the connection to the Foundation “above”. They take a detailed look around, with Hunch again taking the lead, and see some strange structures rising out of the jungle at various distances ahead, as well as a hint of massive distant cities, though they cannot see any details.

The structures themselves seem to be strangely built, and somewhat hurt the mind to look upon. As this is a recon mission only, and they already feel a little in over their heads, they decide to split the party, and only send the sneakier members forward. Tenure and Echo hang back, with Echo starting to feel strangely ill in a way that doesn’t seem to be effecting others on the team. Tenure, carefully observing their environment, notices that the jungle seems to be growing outwards along the path of the pulsing vines bundles, but not ever reaching closer to them, implying some sort of spatial expansion is occurring the interstitial space. Trippy.

Echo spots a patrol of some sort, who look well-trained and equipped with some sort of code-weapons, as best they can describe, which seem devastatingly effective against other denizens of the jungle. Hunch, doing some data analysis, concludes that the vines are more “code-vines” than alive exactly, but assumes they may provide useful cover to move undetected, so the sneaky team of him, Bug and Breeze heads along the cluster that seems to lead towards the nearest structure. They’ve classified the two visible types as “temples” and “fortress-factories”, this one is a factory type and has the lowest defensive ratings from what Hunch is able to see.

They successfully sneak over without great difficulty, with Hunch once again taking careful note of their path. They reach a cleared space around the fortress-factory, and see two massive Null (black and white silhouette types) blocking the entrance. Bug and Hunch decide to play up their Hanuman nature and cause a distraction in the trees, while Breeze sneaks inside. He thinks hard and manages to manifest his sneaking cloak, and all on the team notice they feel a bit more solid and “themselves” here than in the regular Foundation. Breeze and Hunch briefly wonder if their world is the simulation and this is reality- maybe the Null are onto something?

With Bug and Hunch rattling trees and shouting, the guards step forward and let off a devastating code blast from their staves, though it seem designed to drive off rather than specifically aimed, and both dodge the blast, which scythes through the trees they were in. Breeze takes his chance and slips inside, seeing a mass of large, strange equipment- stamps, presses, and the like, which seem to be operated by other Null who look more solid than the familiar silhouette types. The machines also seem to be making more of the code vines and the silhouette types, and Breeze has a revelation that the more solid Null doing the work are likely the “true” Null, while the other types familiar from the material plane matrix seem to merely be some sort of construct.

This could explain a lot about their lack of communication, singular focus, indifference to injury, and the like, and may give some insight into the team’s interaction with “ranked” Null such as Explorer Primary 7 and others. He makes some notes to update the org chart with an “Engineer” type or similar as well. He decides to continue heading further in, and finds some more “true” Null these seeming even a bit more developed than the ones further out, working on what look like structural and technical elements. The factory itself is made of massive stone blocks, not unlike the space in which they encountered the Hierophant when they dived down through the Shibata Consulting host in NYC, those these blocks are even larger, and seem almost impossible to cut so cleanly and use as construction material.

Continuing towards loud noises coming from the central area of the structure, Breeze finds what he can only describe as an enormous “code forge”, tended to by the largest and most powerful looking of the “true” Null he seen thus far- some sort of Forgemaster, this Null seems to be altering other Null with what seems like perhaps their equivalent of ’ware- code mods with unknown functionality. The Forgemaster also seems to be overseeing the other work, and sending various parts created out of base stock material out for finishing by their inferiors elsewhere in the factory. Feeling that he is unlikely to get more intel than he has, Breeze decides to fall back.

Outside, Hunch and Bug have been keeping en eye out, and make another distraction on Breeze’s signal. This time, the guards seems to aim their attacks, and the two Hanuman are lucky to escape dire injury with some skillful dodging. Breeze slips back out and rejoins them, and reports what he saw, in case they don’t all make it out. He and Bug also want to make for the nearest temple, desiring more intel, but Hunch decides to turn back, feeling like they’ve pushed it enough for one visit, especially after they have to quickly hide in the vines from another patrol like the one Echo saw- some sort of Null warrior caste perhaps.

Hunch heads back along the vines and links up with Echo and Tenure, briefing them as well, and speculating with Echo about what their increasing illness might mean- possibly some sort of regional defense against TM’s and e-life in general? Intentional or not, it is certainly proving effective, with Echo feeling a limit to how long they can stay. Breeze and Bug proceed towards the nearest temple but quickly lose their way without Hunch guiding them. Bug scampers up a large tree to get a view, and sees the temple, closer now, with some sort of large figure gesticulating atop it- possibly preaching?

Preparing to descend, Bug is slapped, hard by another adjacent “tree” which seems a lot more lively than the one he scaled. He is badly injured, and topples out of his perch, though Breeze catches him before he slams into the ground. Deciding Hunch was right after all, Breeze sneaks back along the vines towards the large mountain, luckily a visible reference point. As he reaches the jungle edge, he almost encounters another patrol, but with some assistance over comms from Echo, manages to avoid them and get Bug safely back to the team.

Back in the gym, Ruxpin sees Bug all of a sudden take a bad turn, and stabilizes him with the medkit. In the Null world, the team decides to rapidly fall back, with Tenure taking the lead, though following Hunch’s guidance on the path to take. They jump or climb back up through the lamp once they reach the chamber with the Transfer Circuit, and once again sneak through the busy SG host. Emerging back into their bodies, they find Bug stable but still unconscious, and Ruxpin awaiting. He calls Nazira to let her know they are finished, and she ushers them out to their van.

They see some repair techs headed in as they exit, who look only mildly annoyed to see that a panel was left open while others were in the room, and it looks like their plausible deniability is well-established. They pass off a briefing on what they found to Nazira on the sly, and head out to rest up, with most of the day having passed while they were away from body. They rest, and are relieved when Bug wakes up the next morning. Echo has set another meet with Joanna Krstic, so they head back into the desert, letting their new high-end pilot programs take the wheel.

They reach another mobile camp ringed by dot-camels, and Krstic finishes briefing them on what she can of Project: NEMESIS, though it seems it’s all very need to know. The highlights are that their team are part of one of numerous contingency plans, known as “Option 3”, and that there are others like them, though Krstic only runs her are, and will pass them along to another handler for their next stop on the Tour. Grey Cell is also switching back to a TM-lead comms net for greater security, as in the bad times in Detroit, so should only be contacted via standard comms in emergency cases, with comms generally moving through their local handler.

With that, she explains that the Tour should give them access to various HNW individuals, some of whom could be useful allies, and some of whom will surely go Faustian and ally with the Disians. The team is to suss out who’s who and report in. They will also be given more specific missions throughout the Tour, to try to make progress on figuring out what exactly the Disians have planned, and hinder them as needed. To that end, the team is up for another job- an extraction of an MCT manatech research head, while she takes a brief vacation in Dubai during transit between two different Zero Zones.

She is apparently a lifelong ski enthusiast of some skill, and is planning a 1-day stop at the indoor slopes inland of the city. Luckily, a large-scale forecasted dust storm will necessitate her taking ground transport, likely a 3-vehicle armored convoy, instead of air, which would be harder to intercept. Without a rigger, the team decides they should extract her on the slope itself. Krstic provides some job funding and quick access to gear, so they upgrade the VTOL for stealth and desert conditions, as well as jamming the interior. They plan to somehow drug or subdue the target and bundle her aboard, and then have Ruxpin blow a hole in the dome over the temp-controlled slope to fly her out into the storm, dropping her at a nearby meet site with Krstic and her crew to exfil further.

Ruxpin buys some desert ghillie tarps to be able to also hide nearby until exfil after he does his part, and the rest of the team plans to attend as their Tour personas for cover, aiming to lure some others along as well, with Breeze planning to do the actual drugging via a combination of social and stealth approaches. Feeling somewhat ready, the team departs the meeting to keep stocking up on needed gear and intel, to ready themselves for what will likely be a challenging job the next day.