Up Up and Away
Dubai to Cloud City to Paris
6 OCT 2025
Runners
Echo
Ruxpin
Bug
Breeze
Hunch

While Tenure drifts down memory lane a bit, the rest of the crew prepares to close everything out in Dubai and head up to Europe. With plans to meet the Karavanli in Cloud City (a floating district of Stuttgart in the southern AGS), the team decides to finally do some shopping at IDEX. They call in some Grey Cell favors to get a small laser, a concealable turret, and a missile defense system brain, to get installed later. They get 2XL to hook them up with a local contact to add a large smuggling compartment to the blimp to stash all the supplies in until they get them out on. Echo also almost blows Ruxpin’s cover, as Ruxpin is seeking improved bear-form armor, which proves difficult to inquire about without revealing the presence of a Shapeshifter on the team.

Echo checks in with Joanna Krstic, who informs them that their next Grey Cell handler will be one “Monsieur Gris” in Paris, who will run ops for the city and country, and should be able to pass them along to other handlers in the other Euro cities on the Tour. He apparently already has another heavy job lined up for them in the French countryside, though she doesn’t know many details. The team debate on stocking up on more explosives in case they prove necessary but decide to hold off, given the assorted risks involved. They get a one-time commcode for Gris, and say their goodbyes to Krstic for the time being.

Next, they check in with Gabby, who has one last task with a possible follow up. She assures them it will be a social task with a stealth element, and shouldn’t be overly dangerous. After agreeing, they are briefed separately by Nazira to add more layers of plausible deniability. Gabby will be attending a very exclusive spa in town before heading out for the next Tour stop, and at this spa she will “happen” to encounter another VIP., She wants the team to surreptitiously photograph the two of them together, still image or video but no sound, while at the spa, and ideally without getting noticed.

The team will then “leak” the photos to a journo to ensure they are published. Since they have the time window and location for the job provided, they start planning. They end up renting a suite at the Burj-al-Arab hotel, and reserving some spa and sauna time for Breeze, while also hiring Sergei Vipin again to fly Bug around in the stealth VTOL. He seems pleased to work with them again, though not minding a less high-stress job than the last one. They acquire a few needed items, Hunch does some critical research, Echo provides some inspo, and off they go.

Breeze enters the spa ahead of Gabby’s arrival, and finds both her security team and another high-end corpo sec squad on-site, doing a sweep. It seems like the security personnel have all been booked in the spa but are not taking advantage of the services, so Breeze largely has everything to himself. He carefully hid his stealth camera on his person earlier, and has a high-end disguise put together with Hunch’s assistance, emphasizing his “assets” as a distraction. He manages to plant the camera in a large vent with a good view of the sauna door, without getting noticed, and with his part of the job complete, he decides he might as well enjoy it, so hangs in the sauna for the remainder of his allotted time. The Faraday cage around both the sauna and spa overall are quite effective so the team just has to wait in suspense.

Shortly before the end of the window of Gabby and mystery guest’s attendance, Bug takes off in the VTOL, with Vipin making another skilled stealth approach. Bug uses his new toolkit to gain access to the ductwork system from some equipment mounted on the side of the building, while Vipin puts in some work holding the VTOL steady in the high winds 40 stories up over the bay, above the manufactured island on which the hotel sits. Bug makes the leap in, and Vipin closes up the door and says he will hang back and watch for him to re-emerge.

Using Hunch’s research of obscure HVAC design blogs, Bug manages to navigate the labyrinthine ductwork system, following steam lines towards the sauna and cool water lines towards the nearby “polar plunge” pool. He manages to retrieve the camera from the vent where Breeze stashed it, but almost gets spotted by the corpsec doing a final sweep. Luckily, Nazira is the one who seems to see him, and manages to subtly distract the other team’s lead as Bug makes his escape, feeling a little chastened by almost being bested at one of his top skills. He leaps back to the VTOL as Vipin pulls it around, and fastens the HVAC panel back in place to avoid any follow-up suspicion.

They head back to the safehouseboat, pay Vipin out, and then get sidetracked by Breeze whimsically desiring a steak dinner, Ruxpin taking him on a “date” and getting a haircut to satisfy, and then Echo initiating a convo about whether or not team members should be dating and/or hooking up, which ends in a lengthy clarification that a) as long as it doesn’t effect the job, it’s noone else’s biz and not against the team norms and b) neither Ruxpin nor Breeze is seeking that with the other anyway. After that, they remember they were supposed to call a reporter, and decide to finally throw something to Piper Jinx in order to maintain the relationship after denying her the last few scoops.

She seems grateful for the photos, which show Gabby having an “incidental” spa meeting with Cara Villiers, the NeoNET heir/Novatech CEO. This seems to make up for the recent past denial of scoops, though she still gives the team some grief about it. She quickly publishes, though her clever analysis is largely overshadowed by the image itself, which shows just enough skin to be tantalizing to the public without being scandalous, and the matrix discussion is quickly sidelined by commentators getting horny for 2 CEO’s in their middle age who are, admittedly, both looking quite good (Breeze knows how to frame a shot from his Bollywood days).

This then gets sidetracked into the inevitable convo about the body mods and gene treatments available to the wealthy, all of which serves as a useful distraction from the “real” story- this is the 3rd time the team has seen Gabby “casually” encounter someone from the former NeoNET empire in a semi-public forum (also the Met(a) Gala and the regatta/cotillion) in a very plausible deniability way. And for some reason, this time she wanted the info to get out there, or maybe to get it out there ahead of something else. Regardless, she’s up to something and the team is impressed with her canny maneuvering.

Cara and Gabby both release statements denying any planning on their parts of course, saying they had a good laugh when they realized who the other person in the dense sauna steam was, and then chatting about how their deceased father (Cara) and husband (Gabby) had really left them in a pickle with the whole Golden Ticket/Corp Court seat deal between the two companies after NeoNET’s collapse. This seems like yet another canny way to offer some market reassurances that Spinrad’s seat is here to stay, though there is a lot of speculation about potential mergers to bring Cara and her holdings into the fold. More corp intrigue! Only Hunch really cares, and the rest of the team quickly tunes out his speculating.

Satisfied with their work, Gabby says she has one more small task as a follow-up: with this news item out there, she thinks it is time she and Claudia Romanov had a chat, perhaps using the care and well-being of Anya Spinrad as a justification. As both women had already asked the team to keep an eye on Anya during the Tour and report back, this lines up well, and Breeze suggests a few final upgrades to the blimp (Faraday cage and some additional privacy features, as well as restocking the snacks and bar), to use it as the secure neutral meet site, via his adventurer SIN for the Tour.

They manage to convince Claudia of this, and Gabby is of course on-board, in both sense. They arrange a pickup for each women, plus 2, and Breeze, Echo and Ruxpin remain aboard while Bug and Hunch remotely watch for threats with the VTOL on standby. Bug, the closest to Anya, prepares an intel briefing which the more social members filter and present. They have some useful insights, but nothing damaging to Anya, and really nothing that seems to surprise her mother and step-mother. However, it does get the two women talking, which seems to have perhaps been the real point.

As Echo carefully observes without being obvious, and attempts to shepherd the convo along, they realize that there is a whole hidden layer being discussed- in using Anya’s care and keeping alongside general Tour biz as the nominal framework, the two women seem to be hammering out a EuroZone-wide temporary detente between SK and Spinrad for the duration of the Tour, as a prelude to potential other future deals. There are some hints that Lofwyr perhaps misses, just a bit, his semi-friendly competition with Johnny, so this seems like somewhat of an olive branch extended between the two corps, of limited scope and duration, but still a major deal to be quietly made in semi-secret.

The team drops the women off as their chat wraps up, and debrief at the safehouse. They call in more Grey Cell favors to ship the van to Marsailles, southern France’s largest port, with all their illicit non-blimp gear aboard. It’s another notorious smuggling port, so should be no trouble to get it out of Dubai and into there. They wire up the advanced pilot in the secret sub to the houseboat controls, and set it on auto-pilot to get out of the harbor and back into international waters, where they make arrangements for the Sea Dragon to oversee it’s passage to the next Tour stop, planning to have it moored in Lisbon by the time of their arrival.

With that all done, they all pile into the blimp, and set the auto-pilot for Stuttgart. Luckily, their Tour passes and ID’s seem to come with pre-approved expedited customs, so they make quick work of the large number of border on the way over the next few days airborne, and once they reach the EuroZone the internal borders are much less thoroughly policed. After a lovely but uneventful journey, they approach Stuttgart, and Echo calls in to air traffic control at Cloud City to confirm their approach and get their slip assignment. They get an explanation of the rules- basically anything on your private vessel can stay there so long as it doesn’t threaten others, but no arms/armor in Cloud City, and proscribed substances only.

They find that the Karavanli have arrived ahead of them, and decide to call on them immediately to make upgrade arrangements, while Tenure hangs back to watch the blimp. As they exit, they get a quick search from a pair of polite gendarmes. They reach the Karavanli blimp, the Kalabalik, and find the mutli-ethnic Finnish speaking crew lounged about it a surprisingly luxurious interior- lushly carpeted, with high quality but diverse styles of furniture and fixtures. They all partake in the offer of some fermented yak milk, which is about as alcoholic as Breeze likes to go, and then get down to biz after Hunch does some quick research, and Echo presents as a gift a bejeweled dagger that they had picked up in Dubai for this purpose.

They arrange to meet the next day in the nearby Black Forest Kingdom, which is starting to integrate further into the greater AGS, but still has lots of clearings and hidden spots in the dense woods where various transactions can be done. With that, some of the team spends the rest of the night partying with the Finns, some check out the town, and Echo goes on a culinary tour of the dining establishments, trying dozens of appetizers across a wide array of shops, stalls, and sit down restaurants. They do notice that, as advertised, Stuttgart seems to be somewhat of a cultural capital of the Southern AGS, with large arts and music scenes, alongside finance and governance, as well as an unusually high Changeling population.

The next day, the team variously well-rested or hungover, auto-pilots the blimp to the Black Forest and sets down where requested, barely making a smooth landing in the tight clearing. They see some Trolls rolling up on quad bikes with some 55 gallon drums and spray equipment lashed to the backs, and them and the Karavanli get about mounting the missile defense system, and Ruthenium coating the blimp exterior, which costs a fair bit and takes some doing. It’s evening by the time the work is done, and the team says their goodbyes as the Kalabalik heads back to rejoin the roving city of Karavan, while the team puts the blimp on auto-pilot for Paris.

They arrive the next morning the the appropriately named “city of lights” just as the sun rises, and call up M. Gris, who arranges to meet them for lunch a the Jules Verne cafe in the Eiffel Tower. They find a mooring point on the edge of town, and most of the crew get off there, leaving Tenure aboard while the blimp circles the metro area on auto-pilot, since Breeze is insistent he will not pay rent again. They all take the metro to the Eiffel Tower, finding the city quite easy to navigate given the tasteful but ever-present AR overlays nearly everywhere they look. They also notice an incredibly dense sensor net, and remembers that they are under the watchful eye of MARIANNE- unclear whether it is an AI, algorithm, or what but they have been warned by Sim-Eon and others to watch their backs when they are on “her” radar.

Echo, on their journey, had secured the team invitations to Sim-Eon’s new shadowboard, Ombres Portees, so they at least have garnered some tips on how to move and communicate as safely as possible in the city while not alerting the surveillance net.For now, as tourists with Tour SINs, they seem to be fine. They head up the Eiffel Tower via exclusive elevator to the fnacy cafe, and find a well-dressed Dwarf awaiting them- M. Gris himself. He turns on the white noise generator tastefully built into their table, and explains that this cafe is one of the few tourist-y spots in town free from MARIANNE’s watchful eye, and that they can discuss biz freely here. They ask about other spots free from MARIANNE, and he confirms that she hasn’t spread widely beyond Paris, yet, and that there are some northern suburbs (Banlieu’s) where her reach is either absent or incomplete, seemingly Paris’ closest places to the Barrens found in many UCAS cities.

He also says the Catacombs are an option, though they come with their own dangers of course. He gives them a cursory briefing on their next NEMESIS gig, and hands over a prepared dossier for them to review in more detail. There is an AZT facility in the countryside, very private and secretive, where they are making cyberzombies. Due to France’s unique astral makeup, Gris (and Grey Cell) don’t want this program to get fully up and running, and want the team to both raid the facility and shut it down, as well stealing their research, tech and data. He explains that there is a bit of time pressure, as the longer the team takes to do the raid, the more CZ’s may be onsite to help in the facility’s defense. He says he can provided some limited operational support as needed, and they agree to discuss further once they look over the dossier and check out the site, parting ways for now, after a nice light meal of natural ingredients.

They also hear from Piper Jinx, who recommends reading the work of, or contacting directly, a French reporter, Jacques Herbert, if they need a briefing on Paris and France overall to get acclimated. She’s off to Lisbon to get a jump on any juicy Tour stories brewing there, but also shares some disturbing news with the team: Brokerage X’s secret server farm on the outskirts of Dubai was apparently attacked and destroyed shortly after the team (and the Tour) left town. It is unclear if there were any survivors and their matrix portals are currently down, though they are sure to have more than one backup location, globally if not locally.

Echo also gets a message from MCO giving them a friendly warning to make sure their team knows to bring their A game from now on- the REAL Tour is beginning soon and they will need to master the courtier’s art of “sprezzatura” to succeed as they continue along it.