Boston Backstory
Tenure Reminesces
6 OCT 2025
As he spends some solo time aboard the safehouseboat and blimp between the end of Dubai and the start of Europe, Tenure thinks back on how far he has come in the shadows in just a short time, and recalls his early days exposed to the harder side of living, when he was trapped inside the Boston Quarantine Zone during the Lockdown:

The start of the Lockdown was fairly manageable, before the MIT&T Containment Zone was fully established and enforced, and when the school was still well-stocked with supplies and resources. Thinking the situation could only last for a month or two at most, the staff and students who didn’t attempt to flee quickly burned through their stocks, both defending the campus, gradually shrinking as they built barricades and retreated to a defensible core, and some continuing their work and experiments, though not really their teaching assignments.

A few months in, the admins onsite along with the various professors who could be pulled away from their work gather up all the grad students and adjuncts, and tell them it’s time to venture out into the surrounding city more, to try to make better connections and gather some resources, as it is obvious this is going to last a lot longer and be a lot more dangerous than expected. They’ve had a few container supply drops, but any that aren’t within their perimeter are swarmed by survivors and/or headcases, so they need to think about local sustainability and not count on rescue from outside.

Tenure (though not yet using that name) is volunteered to check in with some of the other nearby academic institutions, and heads out, borrowing a homemade trash-covered urban ghillie suit from supplies. He first heads to the Harvard campus nearby, and finds it is larger and better fortified than MIT&T, as it seems the local KE precinct house has pulled in a lot of backup from other nearby stations and made a base here. With them guarding the perimeter and fending off shambler mobs and rager attacks, it looks like a large number of students are still attending classes and chilling on the quad and whatnot, which Tenure is a bit envious of.

He clambers over the fence and gets spotted quickly by guard, and frantically identifies himself. He is brought before a mage who declares him clear, and ends up talking to the officer in charge for a bit once he explains where he is from and what he is up to. This guy seems a little intense, and has drawn up some breeding plans for longterm survival, though he explains it’s of course only to be put in place “as needed”. Tenure eventually is relieved to be foisted off to a younger Detective, DJ McCarthy, who commiserates about how the boss has gone a little off the deep end- one of those guys who has been waiting for his own personal apocalypse, and found it.

DJ arranges to gather up some various supplies they can spare, as well as set up a message board where people can post letters and such – he says they can’t spare the personnel to ship the stuff though, so Tenure will need to get some MIT&T-ers to come grab it all. With that having gone well, Tenure heads a short distance over to the Harvard Lab complex, which apparently has been taken over by a different faction, and finds some SK corp soldiers guarding it. After explaining who he is and where he’s from, he starts to get worried that they might yank him inside, so he emphasizes his current junior role and promises to pass along the offer of safe, protected housing and lab space here at the “Braintrust” to his more senior colleagues.

The lead of the security detail has real killer’s eyes, so Tenure is happy to see the back of him as he falls back through Harvard, and then crosses the river into Boston proper. The bridge seems to be in pretty bad shape, and he has to be pretty careful clambering over it. He next checks out Tufts, and finds a combo of students, staff, runners and gangers have banded together to fortify it and take it over, labeling the enclave as “The Squares”. Tenure is proud of his trid-trained ability to tell runners and gangers apart based on markings and quality of gear, though the boundaries seem a little more porous IRL.

He stays here for a while and chats, and also learns the Pulse spell, a necessary safety measure, according to one of the mages onsite. It seems this school is known for turning out diplomats, negotiators, “faces” and the like, which could explain how they got so many survivors to cooperate, and also could explain rumors Tenure hears of a Horizon presence. A woman named Montana offers to accompany him on the rest of his journey, and go to MIT&T to make a stronger connection between the enclaves, and he agrees, She seems quiet and easily forgettable, but skilled. Tenure thinks nothing of it. The locals here are excited to set up another message board and link up with the other schools.

They head next to Boston College and find it being run as a militarized enclave, though with somewhat limited equipment. A former milsci professor seems to have put himself in charge, and has the students running drills and whatnot, though he seems less psycho than the KE guy and more well-studied prepper. He offers a place to stay for the night if Tenure and Montana will investigate a few strange deaths that occurred recently. They check out the bodies and the crime scene, and determine that the guards (the professor admits that they were townies who he didn’t know well) were killed by some kind of large animal, that there was also a shoeless child present, and that something was taken from the lab they were guarding.

Unable to determine more, they report their findings, which seem to confirm what the professor was thinking, and rest for the night. The professor also agrees to link up better with the other campuses. The next day they head to Northeastern campus, though they are warned it is dangerous. As they approach, they see scattered bodies littered around the pavement, and Montana spots some high-caliber impact marks on nearby buildings. She signals Tenure to move up as she watches, and they take turns zig-zagging closer from cover to cover until a sniper starts taking shots. Tenure checks out the astral and feels they have entered some kind of predatory hunting ground, but based on the strong local vibe, does not think it is the killer from BC.

Montana manages to spot the shooter’s location, and Tenure uses a massive illusion distraction to cover their escape, hearing a disturbing twisted wolf howl in the distance as they depart. They return to MIT&T where Tenure reports in and introduces Montana around. He spends the next while following up on the campus/enclave network, and gets some supply chains going. He also makes contact with DJ’s cousin, Sarah, who is investigating what all is really going on in Boston, and is saddened to hear of her eventual death, seemingly related to her investigation, and of DJ’s transfer north due to trying to look into it more than his superiors wished.

He spends some time working with MoM, the Master of Magnetics, as well as Dr. Brain and Dyna Mite in their various labs, and is next tasked with heading up to Salem to work his way back along the rumored dragon leyline, collecting whatever reagents and supplies he is able. Any reports on enclaves up that way are welcome, but he is warned to stay stealthy as it is thought to be quite dangerous. With a brand new mobile crazy-repeller in tow, he heads out through the Gateway Portal, and finds himself stepping briefly through some portion of astral space and back out into Salem, where he encounter Shane Bosel and Thanin Realmwalker waiting. They brief him on local tensions, and suggest he quickly clear town.

He does so, deciding to focus on harvesting reagents, and steering clear of the various towns and enclaves, though he is able to detect a Dissonant vibe from Peabody, some blood magic near Swampscott, and something buggy about Nahant. He also encounters a friendly plant spirit who seems engaged in helping the various wild spaces take over as much as they can while all the metahumans are holed up, though he explains that he also has a lot of metahuman friends in the woods, who help him in his work in exchange for help hiding out.

Once Tenure makes it back to MIT&T after a long and scary journey, he watches as the town changes further. More mercs start coming in on corporate contracts, and more out of town runners dropping in, and often dying, on mysterious errands. More of his colleagues and campus students go missing month to month as well, some likely recruited into various other factions, willing or not, some trying to escape and some lost to the attrition of a terrible nightmare situation. With mercs guarding the MCZ, getting around has become even more difficult, with Tenure being one of the more experienced at it, with his trusty ghillie suit.

With Blackheart Security raiding labs and facilities around town, seeking whatever of value they can grab, and other mercs and corps moving back in and snapping places and people up, and with rumors of a Shedim presence becoming increasingly worrying, the Gateway team decides they need to take some action to further secure it. They task Tenure with heading to the Leather District to interview a potential ally, and he makes his careful way out, bribing some Trip D mercs to allow his passage. Some recent disturbing magical deaths in the area have residents on edge, so he makes his way through the Leather District quietly, and heads down to Yaksha’s arms shop in the Underground docks.

There he meets Asram al’Aswani, an older Islamic merc and rebel who seems to especially hate Shedim. Later doing a little research, Tenure realizes that a Shedim took over the body of one of al’Aswani’s spiritual leaders and manipulated his movement into some disastrous actions, which he seems to have taken very personally. Feeling these are good allies of convenience, since al’Aswani snuck into town with a cadre of well-armed mercs, Tenure recruits them to the cause, and they all trek back to MIT&T after stocking up at Yaksha’s.

After some more time in the lab, the fateful day arrives. Dyna Mite has made some kind of deal to use an untested technique to try to smuggle a runner team out of Boston via the metaplanes, to ensure that some critical data about what has been happening here reaches the outside world. As Tenure helps reset the lab for the altered portal config, it comes under attack from Shedim working alongside some mysterious armored figures. As he watches the runner team make it through he is still trying to frantically adjust and stabilize the portal, and sees Dyna Mite and al’Aswani lost on the other side, along with one of his own arms, when it snaps closed.

Waking some time later, he finds himself in MT custody, who seem to have seized the lab and it’s content and staffs. Without Dyna Mite and her notes, they seem frustrated to be unable to stably open the portal again, and Tenure plays down his knowledge and skill and eventually get kicked loose. He makes a small base on campus outside the MCT zone and rides out the rest of the Lockdown with some other survivors there, trading messages via the Wicked gang roof-runners with other enclaves. He hears of a dragon sleeping below Salem, CFD-infected pit fights at the port, a strange crystalline island in the harbor, the fall of many enclaves, and the eventual release of the truth, or some of it anyway, via the Reconstruction project, which some more runners shared a lot of intel with to ensure that it didn’t get totally buried.

He hears of the nano-catastrophe on Mars, setting back the terraforming effort by decades most likely, and also of various other major world events that occurred during his time locked away. As one of the surviving academics on campus, he returns to a teaching position as the school reopens, but something is missing in his life…. and he still isn’t even on tenure track. When some contacts from the Lockdown come calling, he jumps at the chance to take a full leap into shadows, leaving his academic life behind.