Stormin' Normandy
More MARIANNES, More Problems
18 NOV 2025
Runners
Echo
Ruxpin
Bug
Breeze
Tenure
Hunch

The team reviews the dossier from the mysterious Johnson, who they think is likely some kind of e-life form. It seems pretty thorough, but they want to review it anyway and confirm for themselves. They contact Mosaic in Dubai and get contact info for her mentor, Samizdat, who is apparently set up in the Lille-Dunkirk sprawl, a bustling and corrupt megaport under construction by the French Touch providing ample opportunities for scams, forgeries and the like. The local Vory and Fares presence is probably helpful as well as being dangerous.

They head out to Lille-Dunkirk and give the appropriate passphrase and knock at Samizdat’s workspace, getting ushered in. They see people working under his tutelage on various art and ID fakes, with occasional shouts and raps on the wrist from Samizdat himself via his cane. He does seem quite old, and uses the cane to walk, so not all for show. They converse a bit as he feels them out, but he ultimately agrees to help them make work ID’s for accessing the Neuron on a short turnaround in exchange for pay and for having helped saved Mosaic from the mob. They pass over some workwear they bought for the job as well for weathering, which he says is another of his workshop’s specialty.

They drive out to the American Cemetery on Normandy Beach, and park the van. Breeze and Bug slip out on foot and sneak up to check out the old blockhouse which is being converted into the Neuron facility. They get past the stealthed drone perimeter with no trouble, but Bug gets spotted by well-concealed metahuman security personnel and has to pose as a child and retreat. Breeze manages to hang though and is able to see and overhear a tech crew arriving about an hour after the construction crew departs, seemingly working opposite shifts. The team gets a good look at the tech van, and prepares a skin for their van to match via the electrochromic. They head back to Dunkirk and get a hotel for the night, choosing to pay for a few decent rooms to stay out of the rougher port worker temp housing. Breeze sleeps on the floor, refusing to pay, as is his preferred philosophy on rent.

They awake and pick up the ID’s and disguises from Samizdat, and head out to the cemetery again. They park and wait for the construction crew to leave, reskin their van to look like the tech crew, and head down. Echo talks their way in, saying they’re a specialty crew sent in to repair something before the main crew shows up later. They head in, and get a little spooked by the narrow passages and single way in and out. There is a bad astral vibe that they can’t quite place, also. They reach the server room with no issues, and are happy to find the camera not yet installed. A few of them hang back on lookout while Breeze picks the lock on the door.

They get in and relock, and Hunch goes up and installs the chip they were given. Unfortunately, it seems to require accessing a VR portal to install, so Echo touches it and brings Tenure, Hunch and Bug along with, while Ruxpin and Breeze keep watch from concealment. The team in VR finds themselves in a representation of the Louvre, but the sky and vibes are bad. They find inside that different wings seem dedicated to different functions of the MARIANNE’s systems- national security, ID registries, etc. However, the plentiful IC onsite seems to be slowly all being corrupted by the Null. They work their way down through the VR host, using Echo’s Wrapper ability to reskin and match the paradigm.

Hunch sneaks past a Null with a large cannon guarding some kind of console that seems the key to installing whatever was on the chip, and slaps the install button, promptly vanishing from the others’ sight. Bug, worried that they are already in over his head and not prepped for a Foundation dive, bails and goes back outside to join the “keeping an eye on things” team. Ruxpin, with the medkit, confirms that Hunch doesn’t seem injured but that he does seem to have entered a UV node of Foundation space, based on brain patterns and whatnot. Echo and Tenure also slide past the Null and enter the Foundation.

They are all horrified to find themselves in a slightly surreal representation of the Renraku Arcology during DEUS’ takeover- Borg-like man/machine hybrid drones stutter around, gore smeared across every surface, distant screams echo from unseen spaces as the walls reshuffle on their modular supports. They reskin again with Wrapper, using Echo and Tenure’s personal and historical knowledge alongside Hunch’s conspiracy insights into some of the secrets of the place. They try to place themselves and find that it is a sort of symbolic reconstruction rather than a literal one. Getting occasional glimpses out the windows over a rain-soaked Seattle sky, they determine that they can likely access the portal node by heading either down to the monorails or sewers, or up to the helipad.

They explore around a bit otherwise, encountering various horrors- monstrous surgical and brainwashing suites, huge manufacturies for implants and gear, security centers fulls of loyal drones, and the like. Hunch spots one of DEUS’ apparent acolytes acting a little odd, seemingly observing more than acting, and sees them slip off when they notice Hunch noticing them. The other acolytes in the security center seem to be manually deleting copies of the program Hunch tried to upload, and the team spots a lot of Null vines throughout the room. They eventually find the Archive node, and manage to get the program reloaded and loose in the Foundation. This sets off an alarm, unsurprisingly.

They head for the lower levels to try to escape, and find a crew of civilian survivors and some runner types with a fortified space. However, they seem to all be taken over by Null and quickly give chase to the team. They flee as fast as they are able but not before Echo gets tagged by the Null Overseer with some kind of nightmarish psychotropic biofeedback. Ruxpin tries to treat Echo’s wounds IRL, with some success. Breeze sees an alarm almost go off in the facility, and then squelch, and discusses plans with the other 2. Meanwhile, the team inside flees to the helipad on top, and with Echo realizing that all of their skin is trapping their true selves, and should be removed.

On reaching the helipad, they come under fire from a Red Samurai team, who don’t seem to be under Null control. They change their skin to scientist types, and successfully convince them to stop shooting, and are brought to their captain. After verifying they are from the real world, he tells them that he has been trapped in here and assumes his body is long dead, asking them to pass a message along to his superiors in a secret Renraku lab north of Paris. He explains that they are monitoring MARIANNE for signs of any fragments of DEUS, and is very worried about what the SCIRE showing up here implies. Hunch and Tenure also speculate that this could somehow be the cause of the bad astral vibes nearby.

The Renraku team holds back the Null-infected avatars while the team escapes via quadcopter, just barely. They re-emerge, and find Ruxpin and Bug getting them quickly back on their feet and ready to go, while Echo mumbles about too much skin. Bunch remembers to grab the now fried upload chip, and Breeze slips out ahead to intercept any guards coming to check the squelched alarm. He finds them and convinces them that they had an industrial accident, which explains Echo as they come out pretty out of it. They manage to talk their way out, with the guards seeming reasonably ok with assuming this will just be a corp penalty for AZT, which will make their masters at SK happy, without looking bad for them.

The team heads back to the van and drives off, with everyone agreeing to sedate Echo til they can figure out what’s going on, though Breeze has heard rumors of some of the Null’s strange abilities. They swap the van electrochromic for a generic look as they pass the legit tech crew headed the other way, and skip Dunkirk, heading straight back to Paris, swapping spoof chips at a few opportune points on the way. Back at the safehouse, Echo comes back to and seems to have recovered, but is quite disturbed at having been effected as they pride themself on their mental defenses. They all rest up, and find their pay waiting from the mysterious Johnson. They say they won’t be reachable at the number they had previously used but will be in touch next time they need their services.

This doesn’t give them any major leads, but seems like a step in the right direction, so they contact Invite Mysteré and fill them in. They seem reasonably pleased with the progress, and agree to trade some info and access as agreed, and the team requests a connect with the secret Renraku lab north of town, and IM says they will investigate so the team can follow up on their promise to the Red Samurai e-ghost they encountered. With word on the Grand Tour circuit being that the Lisbon stop is close to starting, they plan to hit the AZT cyberzombie lab next before heading there, feeling like they have a good base in Paris to return to later in the Tour.

They also hear some disturbing news from Herbert, in that both Andrea Monino (via mysterious car crash just outside her private enclave) and Francois-Regis Ammar (via overdose/dumpshock combo) have died in the last day. Hunch sees some similarities to the patterns of killings he’s been researching in the nobility. Herbert also reports that someone (or something?) seems to have re-routed the traffic from the Null-infested node (that Ammar was taking advantage of for the voting machine) ahead of the official repair team getting in, which is confusing, and suggests the presence of some sort of at minimum semi-conscious entity within MARIANNE (or perhaps a form of sentience for MARIANNE herself).

The good news is that this has reset the AGORA poll on the controversial matrix safety proposal to it’s expected, failing, levels. Herbert overall seems pleased, though still concerned about the Null revelations, and says he will need to to spend some time digging deeper into whatever else is going on. Invite Mysteré also tells them they need to do some more digging for next steps in Paris, as well as holding off on heading to Berlin until IM has a chance to do more research on what is going on there- with the possibility of DEUS fragments being involved, IM is worried about rumors about some unknown digital entity lurking in Berlin’s old cable matrix. Lots of creepy matrix biz to keep digging into!