French 101
In Which Not Much Happens But Much Talking Is Done
13 OCT 2025
Runners
Echo
Ruxpin
Bug
Breeze
Tenure
Hunch

The team reviews the dossier from M. Gris, and finds it be VERY thorough, though presenting a fairly challenging puzzle to solve. The AZT cyberzombie facility is well-defended, isolated, and without an obvious weakness. They can see some ways to plan the assault however, and begin by reaching out to Le Masque, the team’s old contact from Denver, who went from AZT insider to on the run from AZT over the course of their time there. They blimp down to a magical (literally) forest south of Paris, and Hunch finds it under the control of some powerful Guardian Spirits, who seem tied to the land in some way.

After feeling out Le Masque’s current loyalties, Echo decides to trust him again, though Hunch is nervous based on his past and reputation. Echo shares the dossier and he points out a few more useful things to notice, as well as making a few inferences and providing some (former) insider tips. He requests that they not kill the ritual mages, as it would be such a waste of talent and training, and offers to take them off the team’s hands, though he seems satisfied enough when they verify that their goal is capture, if possible.

As a show of good faith, and a hint to future work potentially, he says he is also working a source who’s deep in AZT’s ongoing cooperation with the Disians, and thinks he can bring her around over time. As opposed to the ritual mages at the CZ lab, he believes she is strong-willed enough to need to make up her own mind, rather than being forcefully extracted, so he says he will need more time to get all of that prepared before he is ready to share more. For now, he offers to fire some missiles as part of their plan for assaulting the CZ facility, in exchange for some future assistance from the team.

They take their leave, head back to Paris, and get help from M. Gris to set up a safehouse in St. Denis, the northernmost “suburb” before La Zone. SD is useful as it has a balance of some security sensors and patrols, but also a lot of dead zones to dodge MARIANNE. They arrange for a garage as well for the van, and pay off some local youth crews to make sure a few specific spots on the approach stay clear of sensors. With that done, they blimp down to Marseilles and take possession of the van from the bustling port there, which has enough illicit activity that their relatively mundane smuggling goes unnoticed.

Hunch does a little research as well and finds that there is a syndicate war brewing in the countryside- most organized crime has been banished from Paris under MARIANNE’s watchful eye, with the exception of the Zobop, who have retreated into the Catacombs beneath the city. In the rest of France, the general rule is that the Vory rule the North, based in the Dunkrik-Lille sprawl, with it’s new French Touch-sponsored megaport under construction. The mafia, under their French affiliates the Marseilles Milieu, control the South, based of course in the long-established port of Marseilles. Marseilles is also one of SK’s French power centers, though they seem disinclined to involved themselves in syndicate biz so long as it stays out of the public eye.

The team splits their weapons and armor between blimp and van smuggling compartments, and drops Echo’s heavy armor off at the safehouse, as they use it least, along with Tenure’s newly acquired set, purchased at IDEX before leaving Dubai. With that settled, they rest up and make a few more calls the next day. Deciding to get a better handle on the local situation before following up further on either of their current jobs, they contact Jacques Herbert, the reports recommended by Piper Jinx. They arrange to meet at a regionalist Breton joint called Gwenn Ha Du, which is apparently much less fancy than the cafe in the Eiffel Tower but similarly free of surveillance tech.

They head over, and find Herbert in a comically obvious disguise, holding court for both staff and patrons at the bar. He seems very well-liked, perhaps more on reputation than personal relationships, despite his obvious, almost parodic, disguise and atrocious French accent- he seems very American, overall, but is somehow pulling it off. He says his goodbyes, and takes the team over to a corner table, with Hunch noticing a paracritter cat and a few other lowkey/minor magical security features around the joint. They sit, and Herbert asks what they want to know.

He ends up giving them a briefing on the recent history of France, along with a primer on the Noble houses and the French Church, the advent of the current cyber-democracy and MARIANNE, and the names of a few nobles who could be useful contacts on the Tour (MCO, Glendower) and others to avoid (Rochefort). Between him and Le Masque, the team also gradually learns a bit more about all the magical oddness that has occurred around France since the Awakening: as well as the magically expanding forests, there’s a toxic zone west of Paris, a nuclear meltdown containment area on the border with the AGS, a volcanic area cordoned off by the military in central France, and a disturbing Mist in Brittany along the coast.

The team does some thinking about this Mist, and wonders if it is connected to the Disians, given what happened to III Corps in the UCAS, but it doesn’t seem quite the same, though also tied to a large number of disappearances over the years. Apparently a Druidic order has managed to drive it back and contain, or at least direst, it somewhat, though there are still occasional incidents. There are also thought to be strong ties to the Fae realms, specifically Broceliande, the forest around the Seelie Court, though the Brittany area. France in general seems to have a lot of Alchera, Ley Lines, magical oddities, and the like, which Tenure thinks will be good further convo with Murdoch.

He converses a bit with Jefferson Patrick Shiloh, who offers some assistance with Europe’s shadows as needed, as he used to run as “The Professor”, specifically in Paris, before retiring to his teaching position in Prague. Shiloh fills in some further details about odd magic in the region, and provides a few more tips for interesting places and groups. Hunch starts putting together a list of potential allies for raiding the AZT facility. With Le Masque’s intel, they know that this op is likely being done away from the Disian’s eyes, and their allies in the corp (who are almost fully in control at the moment), so is likely being backed by Salazar or Ding Ramos.

They briefly consider reporting the facility to AZT prime or the Disians, and decide against it, as they likely wouldn’t be able to achieve their secondary goals even if they did get it shut down. They decide to focus on a more militaristic/separatist faction within the Druidic order, the Sun Society, along with attempting to recruit some toxie eco-warriors from the Disciples of the Cleansing Fire, based in both toxic and nuclear zones. With planning proceeding, a safehouse acquired, and a better sense of the country and city, they call it a day, and plan to contact InviteMystere soon to find out the details of the matrix job they have for the team.