All Ruxpins Era
No Face, No Case
22 DEC 2025
Runners
Ruxpin
Bug
Breeze
Tenure
Hunch
Dr. D

With most of the team caught in the hypnotic dance, Dr. D pauses to carefully analyze, trying to break Ruxpin free first, as the brawniest team member. After assensing, D discovers that the Yellow Marquis does not seem to be a spirit, though is using some ancient, odd, “Pattern”- style, magic, of which D has only heard rumors before now. Regardless, it seems to be effecting sensory and bodily systems, as well as physical reality to some degree, and is far to complex to attempt to dispel. So, D decides to try to snap people out with drugs, dosing Ruxpin, Tenure, and Bug with Brain Bomb, one of his most dangerous and effective concoctions, which does snap Ruxpin out near immediately.

Ruxpin then flees the room with Ruxpin and Bug tucked under one arm each, while D tries to figure out how to free Breeze without going against his stated aversion to drugs. Ruxpin tries to just dash through the debauched “party” in the front area, but is immediately noticed, and rushed by all the Renfields. He drops his mates, and Tenure manages to shake off the song and rally to assist in the melee. Bug however is still ensorcelled and races back to the dance without a second thought. Seeing this, D is a bit discouraged but reviews the team norms and decides to focus on keeping them alive despite their lack of cooperation,

He starts hydrating and feeding them to allow them to keep dancing without collapsing, as some others have started to do. Interestingly, the spell doesn’t seem to drain the dancers of anything itself- it is merely fatigue effecting them over time that is the risk. Yet more evidence that the Marquis is not a Shadow spirit or similar, as he doesn’t appear to be directly benefiting, though he does seem to be enjoying himself. Out front, Ruxpin and Tenure devastate the unarmored and unskilled attackers, quickly slaying a half dozen. Luckily the assorted influencers and potential victims are already heavily drugged and dosed with Laës, so are unlikely to interfere, or be useful witnesses later.

The remaining Renfields retreat as the manor doors smash open and 3 Vampire’s fly through at high speed, fresh blood dripping down all their chins from their hunt outside, from which they have been rudely called back by the death of their servants. Hunch takes advantage and gets a quick TacNet update, and decides to risk the VTOL, flying it in through the doors behind the vamps before they can shut again. the vampires attempt mind and body control spellcraft against Tenure and Ruxpin, succeeding against Ruxpin despite Tenure’s counterspelling. Luckily Hunch crashed the VTOL at high speed into the body controlling vamp targeting Ruxpin before he can do anything with the control, sending the vamp crashing into the wall and collapsing to the floor, briefly stunned.

Tenure wastes no time and dives over some furniture, dodging Renfield’s trying to intercept, and beheads the downed vamp. Seeing this, and with the sun starting to peek over the horizon, the 2 remaining vamps turn to mist and flee, with the remaining Renfields panicking and following suit- two of them have collapsed in agony after the death of their master. Tenure drags the beheaded vamp corpse out into the sun, and gets a signal from MCO. Hunch had sent her all the unfiltered data he had collected so far before racing in, and she has called in reinforcements from Lusaida corpsec and Aigle Royale Tour security. They are on the way so the team needs to clear out quick if they don’t want to get caught up in the investigation!

Ruxpin, Tenure and Hunch race to the chapel, where they find the dancers emerging from their trance after the dance climaxed as the sun shone perfectly onto the Marquis at the pulpit through the ornate stained glass. Hunch wastes no time and crashes the VTOL into the Marquis, sending him sprawling out, and also doing a quick assensing and determining that the Marquis is likely some form of Fae. The Marquis lashes out with a magical whip, destroying the VTOL, and by the time Hunch crawls clear of the wreckage, mildly dazed from the crash, the Marquis is nowhere to be found, his decayed yellowed robes piled in a heap nearby.

Bug and Breeze finally emerge from the dance, and of the dancers only Bug finds that he is able to shake off the urge to partake again within the next moon. Both of them also feel a call coming to them from two different entities- both seem to be offering magical power, with a cost, and requiring their fealty. For Breeze, one entity seems to focus on creativity and dance, and the other is a sort of joyful warrior. For Bug, one is a mischevious monkey and the other the creativity spirit again. Both ultimately refuse the offer, and instead focus on esoteric knowledge from their visions during the dance, with Breeze learning a dancing form of martial arts to complement his style. They see some of the other dancers are not rising, and give thanks to D for keeping them on their feet, as they are both somewhat depleted.

The team sneaks through the grounds back to the van, with Hunch (on Kamikaze due to the emergency combat situation that he inserted himself into, a rare event) helping to carry the ruined VTOL with Ruxpin. They load it up and Hunch promptly passes out into the van. Breeze insists on showing off his new dance skills, and tells Ruxpin to punch him. Unfortunately, Ruxpin proves more than up to the task and KO’s Breeze in a single hit, but the team does exfil before the cops arrive, and gets back to the safehouseboat, with Hunch coming back to and passing the rest of the intel to MCO, who says she will get back in touch with some options once they have a chance to rest.

They park at the docks and all limp into the CTRL Salt Delete, and rest until late in the day. When they awaken, MCO says that she passed along a tip to the Seelie Court reps about the Marquis, and that they seemed quite interested in his containment and/or capture, so hopefully that will be the last that the team sees of him. She also offers a few options for how to deal with the property and any lingering vamps/traps: One is contact Jonathan Blake, as he has his own Centurion Security company, as well as his Black Lodge connections (of which MCO seems at least somewhat aware). The other is to reach out to one of the two militant Catholic orders- either the Sylvestrines (artifact hunters, magical investigators, exorcists) or the Vigilia Evangelica (holy warriors).

After some debate, in which Breeze advocates for Blake, as they are already tied to him to some degree, they settle on the Sylvestrines, and MCO passes along their thanks, and offer of future assistance. Hunch does a bunch of research and goes down a DEEP rabbit hole on Catholic conspiracies- the Aquinae Vaults, the origins of the Black Lodge and the bug-infested ‘nDrangheta mafia, connections to the Templars and the crusades, the dragon Moleskin dwelling beneath the Vatican, pushing the world towards monotheism on his mad pursuit of a return of the Prime Passion, etc. There is some truth in there for sure, based on team file and Toff’s journals, but also much that can’t be confirmed.

The team heads out to enjoy a night on the town, for the Tour’s “Senses of Amazonia” theme evening. There is food, art, music etc, and a big roving street party, or series of loosely connected smaller parties, depending how you look at it. They ask a favor of Emanuel Salés and get him to use Lusaida droneworks to repair the VTOL, and otherwise focus on the R&R. Anya makes eyes at Bug, reminding him to call the commcode Anya provided about some work. Ruxpin and Breeze also try to recreate the dance, but can’t quite manage it, and there is much debate about accessing the audio sample Heat had left in the team file of the similar music recorded under a mountain outside Denver, before Hunch lays down the law and encrypts the file, to keep for supervised use only.

Luisa Creus, an Ogre woman with a flamenco style, dances up to Breeze and Ruxpin and offers them some additional work. Hunch almost refuses, as their dance card is getting a bit full, but they decide a better relationship with Ruiz Ferdiña, Creus’ boss, will be worth having, so decide to hear her out. She also gives them a commcode to call later, and Breeze ends up winning an impressive dance off with an impeccably turned-out MCO, who blames the loss on her 8" heels. After a pleasant evening, they return to the safehouseboat, and make some calls. Anya, or someone else with a voice change, wants them to shoot a popular fútbol-er during a game, in the leg, in an injurious but non-lethal way, which the team decides sounds fun and agrees to.

They do a poor job negotiating, and get some money offered. MCO had earlier also commented on Echo’s absence and the team’s sudden downgrade in the gift of gab, but what can you do. They do some research on the player, team and stadium, and start formulating a plan- Hunch will spot from the stands, and feed targeting info to Bug, who will use the rebuilt stealth VTOL to infiltrate during the game whenever they open the partially retractable stadium canopy for pyrotechnics. D will provide alchemical support as needed. They also can’t quite figure out the angle, though they realize that the league has a no magic/no cyber policy, so this will likely be a career ending injury, though an easy transition into Urban Brawl or similar cyber-leagues perhaps.

They also find that the player, Peter Gnassingbe, while talented and well-liked, also got a completely outsize payout to sign a long contract, which seems to have been one of the final acts Johnny Spinrad completed before getting shot. Mysterious! They next call up Creus, who explains that the end client will remain anonymous, but needs signatures, verified with a bunch of biometrics, from 4 individuals who can be found at or along the Tour’s path. After confirming some details, she shares dossiers on the 4 targets, as well as confirming that none can be killed, and that there is a bonus for no physical violence at all. They team starts figuring out how to manage the 4 approaches, as money is effectively off the table without an accompanying stick, as they will be out of pocket for expenses.

With some ideas in mind, they rest for the night, and a few of them take a day trip the next day during the “Beaches” theme, with Ruxpin and Breeze heading for a clothes-optional beach to get their swim on. Tenure and Bug link up with Murdoch, Donatien, Anya and Layla to check out the possibly magical street art in Mouraria, with Bug and Anya quickly slipping away under Layla’s watchful eye. They head out to meet up with Anya’s friend and former boarding school roomie Giovanna, who turns out to be the daughter of the fútbol player they are meant to maim. Bug carefully navigates the convo, and manages to piece together the outline at least of what is going on.

Giovanna was roomies with Anya the most recent (and likely final) time she was kidnapped, by Johnny, from Claudia Romanov’s custody, which was obviously a traumatic experience for both, though they are joking about it, a bit uneasily, now. They are from class strata about as far apart as could both be at the same high end school, with Giovanna’s dad only recently becoming well-off due to the massive contract from Johnny, which seems to have been an apology payout for scaring his daughter via the abduction. From what Giovanna says, her dad resents this, and doesn’t actually care much for fútbol, longing for the Urban Brawl leagues he idolized as a youth. So it seems like the team might be ultimately doing a good thing?

Anya’s face remains schooled throughout, with no indication that she has any involvement in any sort of plan, and Bug follows her lead, as it seems Giovanna may be unaware. Wandering Mouraria, Tenure guides Murdoch and Donatien to some widely varied local art- protest pieces, tags, fantastic imagery, and a few that do indeed appear magical. Donatien shares some sympathies with Tenure about his experience with the Marquis, which Donatien seems able to read on him somehow, and seems both relieved and saddened that some Magister’s agents from the Seelie Court have been dispatched to hunt him down. A complex history there, for sure. As they continue to examine wall art, and find a few more distinctly magical pieces, Tenure notices a slight weight in one of his pockets.

With a sly examination, he finds 4 Tarot cards, all from the strange, more fantastical, deck. Deciding this is a good opportunity, he shares the most recent one with Murdoch, and offers some limited knowledge, reminding himself to review all the Tarot info in the team file ASAP. Murdoch seems legit excited, speaking at a nearly audible volume, and offers to take Tenure (and Bug if desired) on a tour of some of the UK’s finest magical features once the Tour stops there. Tenure eagerly accepts, and both he and Bug feel they’ve made some important progress developing these friendships.

The team hears from their mysterious matrix contact InviteMystere in France, who reports that they looked into contacting the Renraku team that has been looking for DEUS fragments in the MARIANNE system. Unfortunately, someone else got there first, and thoroughly burned out their secret lab. This looks to have been done with tech and explosives rather than magic, but the team starts speculating on whether a loose DEUS fragment could indeed be loose on the matrix in France, and what that would mean. Hunch does some deep research, and hears rumors of some kind of entity known as ANGEUS lurking deep in MARIANNE, but not much more, beyond speculation that ANGEUS may be behind various machiavellian manipulations. This reminds Tenure of something- a French Gendarme who was investigating a conspiracy in the nobility had gotten trapped in Boston during the lockdown, and killed while there. Her body was smuggled out for repatriation and burial, and her name was Angelique Rouge- Ang + Deus = ANGEUS?

Hunch gets a call from another new number, with this Johnson enthusiastically introducing themselves as “FIVE”, this seems to be another Null Explorer Primary, alongside their NYC contact Mx. 7. 5 tells them that they have tasked with compiling a dossier on the entity known as “PSYCHE”, who they consider to be an elite intellect, and also any connections to the Kechibi Code/K-Code. Given intelligence that the team has had a few run-in’s with PSYCHE of late and historically, 5 requests that the team share the intel, and offers to share codemods or other intel, or just digital currency, in return. The team shares what they know from Heat’s time with PSYCHE after confirming that the Null don’t seem inherently hostile towards it, viewing it more as some sort of peer. Breeze and Bug also share their recent offer of magical power, which seems to have come from PSYCHE as well (in one instance each).

This is fascinating, as the entity seems able to interact with and offer power via both Matrix and Magic, which ought to be impossible. They also share what they have seen of PSYCHE’s effect on Papa Benitez and his cooking, which is quite inspired. 5 seems satisfied and offers more payment for more info, as they are joining the Tour, due to the invite to digital life forms. Breeze again tries to lure 5 into exploring the pleasures of the flesh, which much like 7 they seem capable of and willing to simulate, but otherwise uninterested in outside of a clinical perspective. The team asks for ANGEUS intel in return, and boy do they get some.

Confirming their suspicious, it seems that ANGEUS is likely the combo of Angelique Rouge and Deus, and that the conspiracy she was investigating before she was murdered on behalf of the nobility was what became known as the Treason of Vincennes, the scandal which made Jacques Herbert’s career and brought about the modern cyber-democracy. Herbert has always said he was tipped off by an anonymous source as to how to find and observe the critical meeting between noble and corp reps at Vincennes Castle, which seems likely to have been this new entity ANGEUS, likely emerging into the French matrix after Rouge’s body was returned to France, bearing Boston-strain nanites (with maybe a heavier DEUS concentration). Since then, many of the conspirators have “mysteriously” died, which all of a sudden makes a lot more sense to Hunch, based on his ongoing investigation.

5 also confirms that ANGEUS is likely behind the deaths of the human supremacist witch who ruled over Nice, and various prominent mafia bosses who ran Marseilles, in order to reintegrate them into the Republic. It seems that the Blackout, and the threat of further use of that weapon from the Corp Court, alongside the Null attempting seed MARIANNE (a promising expansion of their Homeland) has kept ANGEUS busy since then- which likely also explains who is the “mysterious Johnson” they have worked for in France to clear MARIANNE nodes of Null infestations and prevent their corruption and misuse. And also, may explain why the parties responsible for corruption and misuse have died, “accidentally” shortly thereafter. With all of this, the team has quite a story, and decides to pass it along to Piper Jinx, who they trust to investigate it safely.

They pass it along to her, and she is, as expected, delighted, promising to watch her back, Due to her Monad contacts, the team hopes she will be able to. With that, they prepare to head out to evening’s “beach” festivities, with the Lisbon Tour stop already close to the halfway point.