No Ranch Is An Island
Accidentally Attending the "Mo' Kings" Rally
14 DEC 2025
Runners
Ruxpin
Bug
Breeze
Tenure
Hunch
Dr. D

The team wraps up the blimp party while the saboteurs sneak back to the CTRL Salt Delete via mini-sub. They rest and Breeze finally finishes recovering from the AZT lab raid. The next day, they know there is an auto auction at a fancy castle, and the night’s event them is “Forts and Castles”, so they plan to catch up on social stuff and get going on some of the various investigations with which they have been tasked. They also hear from Roxborough that, since they managed to keep all their sabotage below the water-line and reasonably undetectable, Ruiz Ferdiña is not doing a major investigation, so there shouldn’t be any trouble there.

However, the local favorite and Lusaida rep, Emanuel Salés, who the team caused to lose big in the race, is apparently throwing some money around in the shadows looking for info on saboteurs. They decide to pursue an interesting angle, and call him directly to claim credit and smooth things over. Hunch does some research, and again descends down some rabbit holes of sketchy rumors, and convinces himself and the team that the meeting location that Salês set (busy downtown museum) is sure to be a trap, so the team insists on moving the meeting to a somewhat fusty royalist museum housed nearer the edge of town in the foothills of Ajuda, the former residence of the royal family.

They arrive and find that there is a somewhat toxic nostalgia display advocating for the good old days of monarchy, and almost no other Tourists present, though they spot some Aigle Royale security overseeing the site, and staff setting up to be one of the evening’s destination. Salés meets them with two security guards in tow- a brash Ork woman decker, and an Ork man mafioso, with a large pompadour and a real statement piece of a broken tusk. Salés suggests they ditch the fusty castle and instead stroll the lovely nearby Botanical Gardens, a better royal hand-me-down to his taste. The team agrees, before realizing this was also a slick power move on his part- reestablishing control over the meet location.

Luckily, they don’t detect any ill will from him, or more hidden guards or traps nearby, and Ruxpin, Bug and D all hang back to keep an eye out, though D is a bit distracted by all interesting regional, Awakened, and metaplanar flora at the gardens. They have a pleasant stroll and follow through on their plan, admitting their part but making clear that they no ill will or larger agenda against either Salés or Lusaida (which seems to be his main concern). They refuse to ID their Johnson, though he will surely assume it was either Roxie of Saurat, since they tell him the ID of the other two saboteur teams, or at least who hired them: Ding Ramos for AZT and Scale for SK. This seems to confirm his suspicions that some other corp may be moving against Lusaida, since it could either be one of the AAA’s, or the AA French Touch (Saurat) or UniOmni (Roxie).

This seems to clear the air between him and the team though, and he thanks them for the intel, and says he will be in touch if Lusaida has any further use of their services, and that he is only a call away should they have anything else for him. He is known as an especially hands-on shadow liaison for the corp, so they are glad not to have made a well-connected local enemy right off the bat. The team then follow up on a call Hunch received from a new Johnson, who with a small amount of investigation turns out to be one Sunarti Uwir, a biochemist with Biogene, out of Jakarta. She seems to be working on behalf of a unnamed shared contact, and requests that the team leverage their connection to Roxie to acquire one DNA sample from him on each Tour stop, and get it to a secure local drop point within 3 hours of collection.

They call in a Grey Cell favor to make use of Violeta Quintal’s to collect the first sample, after some debate over whether or not they should do this. Curiosity wins out, though they are really feeling Echo’s absence as they fail to negotiate for pay and instead get a vague promise of future pay based on perforamance, in addition or perhaps as an alternative to info on what exactly Roxie is now. With that knocked out of the way, they head to the Auto Auction to see what else they can discover there. They make various social connections, with Tenure continuing his bonding with Donatien and Murdoch, and Bug getting an oblique job offer from Anya Spinrad, who seems to have put together that the team is more than their Tour SINs seem. Breeze makes the approach to Roxie and almost blabs the whole plan when Roxie pushes him on the brothel reco a bit, before managing to cover the larger con by selling the idea that they are just trying to help their contact Violeta get more Tour biz at her spot.

Ruxpin approaches Coppernickel, deciding to get a jump on this whole “menacing from afar” thing, and as usual engages in some blunt talk that seems, in this case, to be of middling effect. However, it does seem that CN himself is not the threat, just the intermediary, and that it is his patrons who will be a problem for the team. CN hints that he knows Ruxpin’s true nature as Ruxpin brusquely disengages. Breeze preps himself and approaches Jonathon Blake, similarly wanting to get ahead of some social fear. He fails to keep up with the bants, but reaffirms that the team will work on the couple of favors Blake had requested, and Blake shares some intel on CN- apparently the Free Spirit of Kin splits time between the Tour and the Seelie Court, and that it might be interesting for a group with access there to see who his allies are, as he seems friendly with the Court delegation to the Tour (all minor Courtiers, but still).

The team also spots Gary Cline, have flown in from LA, and ponder whether digging further into Roxie’s claims that he is a Dawkins Group assemblage seems worthwhile. For now, they focus in on Herve d’Amat, the man that MCO wants them to investigate for his connections to some missing persons and suspicious deaths along the Tour, all while performing as the grieving family man in public. Based on his interactions at the Auction, the team makes a plan to put on a little play to entrap him at the event in the evening. They also assense him, and between Hunch’s detailed examination and D’s alchemical knowledge, manage to put together that he has recently taken a dose of Renfield, the drug provided to vampiric pawns, which could certainly explain all those missing persons and suspicious deaths.

They do some research and find that here have long been rumors, detailed enough to be effectively confirmed, that the Ordo Maximus and other Euro Infected groups are known to use the Tour as hunting grounds, picking off the weak, naive, and vulnerable from it’s fringes- there are always a plentitude of wannabes, also-rans, not-quite-successful yet influencers and the like who could vanish with little notice or protest, at least from those with power. The team confers with MCO who says that a liberal application of sunlight is in order- whether the team wishes to expose the operation, or shut it down in a more permanent fashion, she will pleased to end this threat.

They spend the hours between the auction (Ding, Roxie, one of the Quints and others all but fancy vehicles, though only Ding races away at high speed, leaving his security befuddled and annoyed in his dust) manufacturing a con to ensure that Bug gets an invite to whatever kind of twisted after-party Herve is throwing, and it goes off without a hitch. Breeze ensures that Herve is watching while Bug “gets caught” by Tenure while trying to purchase some drugs from D. Anya sees it all and sends Bug some commiserating texts, while also offering to procure whatever he needs in future. Bug gets the private invite from Herve, as planned, and slips off to take a private cab to the event, dodging Anya’s request to accompany with a claim that he is merely being sent home early as punishment.

The rest of the team heads to the van nearby and gets in their mission gear to follow, but promptly get totally stuck in traffic. Luckily, Hunch is tracking the cab directly from the VTOL, and manages to keep an eye on it, though some sort of Faraday cage is activated as the vehicle leaves Lisbon and gets on the highway, heading to Sintra to the NW. Meanwhile, Breeze has split off to tackle the other job, collecting the sample from the brothel and storing it safely in the Vault of Ages to preserve it until they can deliver it once they have the VTOL free. Breeze manages to catch up the van, still stuck, on foot. With backup further away than expected, Bug plans to just play along for now as Hunch surveys. They briefly have comms as Bug walks into a large manor-house, after a lengthy drive through some densely wooded and feature-filled gardens.

With some quick research, Hunch ID’s the location as the Quinta de Regaleira, a notorious and strange property with many rumored connections to dark magics and old rituals. Bug enters a crenallated, gargoyle-covered manse and finds a somewhat grotesque party within- various youth being plied with substances of various sorts, while an older set watches with barely concealed hunger. Bug tries to ditch the drink Herve gives him, but has another forced on him, which he drinks. Herve calls for a game of hide and seek in the gardens now that everyone is properly libated, and Bug manages to slip away before the drink fully hits- it seems to be some kind of disorientating euphoric, not the worst, and ends up following some strange, atemporal, enticing music through the manse to the attached chapel, which seems larger on the inside than it looked from the drive up.

Inside, Bug finds himself pulled into a made dance alongside 15 or so others of various ages- very different vibes in here, and spots the conductor- a man, seemingly, dressed in a kind of perverse version of a priest’s garb, all yellowed and frayed. Could this be the Marquis in Yellow that the team was warned of? Perhaps! But Bug doesn’t mind- there are mysteries to be uncovered in the frescoes and armillary spheres and carvings that fill the chapel, if only Bug can dance over to the correct spot to get the viewing angle just right. Outside, Hunch doesn’t know what has happened, as the whole interior also seems to be Faraday-ed, but is watching the scene in the garden in horror as the assorted youth spread out, stumbling off individually, in pairs, or small groups, and the older set spread out menacingly behind them. 3 of the older set suddenly lift into the air, levitating above the others, as the hunt begins.

Hunch decides more backup is needed, and lands, concealing himself and sending the VTOL back to pick up Ruxpin, rendezvousing with the finally mobile van. Ruxpin arrives on-site, and decides to go try to retrieve Bug rather than save any of the vamps’ intended victims. Hunch gets airborne again, with the van soon to arrive. He sees that Herve and the other pawns are herding most of the youth back inside to the “party”, while the flying vamps seem to have chosen their prey and are hunting them in a cruel manner through the maze-like grounds. Without much ability to intervene, he documents everything for MCO and awaits the team’s arrival.

Inside, Ruxpin manages to bypass an increasingly debauched and depressing “party”, and follows the music to the chapel, not seeing Bug elsewhere. He also gets caught up in the dance, but is delighted to have found Bug! The van finally arrives, and Breeze races ahead of the team, ignoring Tenure’s command to move together tactically. Breeze also gets pulled into the dance, thrilled to have found his friends. D and Tenure proceed more carefully, managing to sneak through the “party” and seeing that along with various depravities, all the younger attendees are being does with Laës in various forms, presumably to avoid noticing any of their missing cohort.

They manage to prep themselves as they hear the music, noticing that something is a bit off with it, and that is has a magical effect. D manages to resist it’s effect, though Tenure is still sucked in. D pauses, to figure out how to respond, while outside Hunch observes the vampires’ hunt, and worries about his comrades inside, unable to do much else at the moment, though with the doors to the mansion ajar, he could perhaps fly the VTOL directly inside the massive entry.

