A Little Wet Work
First Few Days in Lisbon
8 DEC 2025
Runners
Ruxpin
Bug
Breeze
Tenure
Hunch
Adios to: Echo
First Run with the Crew: Dr. D!

After the team drives around France, picking up Dr. D’s gear at a storage unit in Marseilles and new armor for Ruxpin from Skarn Ka, via remote drone delivery as usual. They then head to Lille-Dunkirk megaport sprawl and pick up some new ID’s for Dr. D from Samizdat, who D seems to know from a past life- in addition to the connection to Le Masque, the team is starting to get the impression that D had some experience in the shadows before going corporate for a time. With that all sorted, they finally get underway for Lisbon, Tenure has also been swapping plates and spoof chips while Hunch reloads new electrochromic skins, to shake off any lingering pursuit from AZT or MARIANNE. Breeze decide to take a leisurely blimp journey and will meet them there, not wanting to trust the autonav alone for a cross-border flight.

They reach Lisbon with no trouble, and head first to the Docklands district to meet with Soresha Na’Sharina, the Sea Dragon’s daughter, and offload some of their illicit gear in the safehouseboat. They find Soresha waiting, dressed in novahot local fashions as usual, with her dredged up yacht moored nearby to the team’s slip. Everything looks in order and seems to have survived the transit from Dubai just fine, so they offload and rest a bit before heading into town to meet their local Grey Cell contact, Violeta Quintal, the Madame of a well-regarded Docklands brothel. They call ahead, and enter through the rear into one of the room she has set aside for non-sexual private meetings.

She gives them a bit of local intel to get them briefed on the general situation of town and Tour, and also gives them some specific intel to look into. Apparently there is a core group of Faustians known as the “Sinister 7” who are the core leaders of the mysterious Asintmah Alliance, and the AA seems to be behind the global metahuman trafficking ring that is feeding people to the Disians, presumably to make more Chimera, and also to use as strange magical batteries, as the team saw in Denver and LA. Quintal has beef with trafficking, on principle, which is what seems to have brought her to Grey Cell’s notice, and what cemented their alliance.

She says there are also concerns that the Sinister 7 may have influence or control over one or more Tour attendees, possibly even including a member or members of the Gran Comitê that guides the Tour. After this initial briefing, the team head their separate ways, with most of the crew freshening up in preparation for the first night’s Tour activities while Hunch as usual heads out to get his own apartment and Dr. D wanders the town to window shop for Tour-appropriate clothing, as well as restocking on reagents. Hunch holes up and goes deep into some research on a few topics once he’ done a thorough bug sweep of the fashionable but not high security short-term rental.

The team has seen a few interesting things around town: there are a lot of merc’s protesting at various high profile spots, it seems like there is some kind of large-scale contract dispute issue at the IMA (the Int’l Mercenary Association) which oversees merc corp licensing, rules of engagement, Desert Wars schedules, as well as administering contracts and resolving issues with any clauses between mercs and hiring corps/nations. This seems to be something else though, as the protesting merc’s, though nor armed, are wearing armor and seem to be from a number of different small and mid-size groups, some of which the team recognize from past encounters.

Second, there seem to be a lot of Amazonian ex-pats and refugees (or descendants thereof), especially in certain districts, and based on some of their posters, AR signs, insignia, etc the team assumes not all of them are fans of the Awakened nation that has perhaps driven their exodus from their homeland. Lastly, the local Z-Zone equivalent, the Alcantara Pit, seems like a useful spot to explore further, with a constant flow of worker traffic in and out being screened for appropriate transit passes. There are also still a lot of memorials up for Johnny Spinrad, with the Tour officially starting here this year in honor of his memory.

Hunch also contacts Mosaic to share intel on who the strange masked figure he encountered outside the St. Denis safehouse, who Bug also encountered in Dubai, could be. Mosaic says that based on description, this is likely an agent of the secretive spy corp Blue Gate, known as a “Foxhound”. She shares some more intel about the corp, although apparently not much is known, and they have almost no public-facing footprint on the matrix. Hunch deep dives and finds a little more about them- hints of connections to old ex-CatCo Seraphim, rumors of deep-cover operatives doing secret auditing while buried inside various corps and polities, etc. Also rumors of an internal heavy-hitter squad used to rescue or neutralize agents who don’t return from the field, known as The Gatekeepers.

Hunch also does some research on the Yellow Marquis, aka the Marquis in Yellow, who seems to be some sort of strange, likely magical, figure who has haunted the edges of the Tour for many years, and is known to host strange and disturbing, yet enticing, revels, from which not all attendees return…. also, rumors suggest that one surviving attendee is none other than Donatien, the harrowed-looking French Elf tutor/cicerone to Murdoch, the stepson of the Queen of England. The team decides to pull that thread a bit more in person. Hunch also looks into one new Tour attendee as of this stop- the lesser Dragon Nebelherr, who also goes by “Herr Nebel” when in human form or online, though he sometimes also uses the translated alias of “Mistlord”.Hunch finds disturbing rumors of draconic conspiracies behind the ruling families of many Euro states, and starts sending some dubious links to the group chat, to much enthusiasm from Breeze

Tenure takes a bit of time to correct some of the obvious fallacies, without much success convincing Hunch. Ruxpin, Bug and Tenure, back in their Tour SINs and guises, head to the Light and Water festival, a carnivale-esque celebration along the banks of the river Tagus and it’s various subsidary canals, which flow through the city, especially in certain partially flooded districts, that have taken on a somewhat Venetian air, with lower building levels sealed against the water, and small islands and gondolas available for picaresque transit, with a few squares sealed and drained of water, walled with clear material to watch the canal flow around you.

As they wander the festivities, they see that there are some local protests against the Tour’s presence, but it seems like most people. out and about are happy to party, with even some of the protesting mercs partaking. Half-masks are common though not requisite, and the team perhaps wishes they were wearing some as Bug spots, and is spotted by, Coppernickel, the foppish yet menacing spirit they had last encountered and fled from in NYC, when he offered them entirely too much money for exclusivity on all the Disian intel they had gathered. He gives a mildly threatening hat tip from across a crowded square but doesn’t otherwise engage, at the moment.

The team also sees that Buhrle has made good and followed through on their connecting him with Mimir and Garmonbozia, as there are a number of newly-added AR features and holoprojectors at different important or interesting sites in the city, to allow some level of digital attendance, in furtherance of that being a larger component of future Tours. After they wander a bit, they eventually gravitate towards Gabby’s yacht, the Widow’s Wake, which is hosting one floating party for the evening, further up the Tagus than Ding Ramos’ behemoth Eternidad, which seems restricted in terms of how far it can come into town. They see Ruiz Ferdiña peering off the deck of Ramos’ yacht, keeping a wary eye on things as usual. The team takes a launch to Gabby’s yacht as it seems they were on the approved attendee list.

There they all find some people to talk to and catch up with- Ruxpin introduces Tenure to Louis Belaran (undercover of course) and they subtly reaffirm that their goals remain allied though they work for different factions (Grey Cell vs ASPS/French Touch/Wuxing in some combo). The team feels that they miss an additional layer of meaning that Belaran is concealing in what he says, but they part amicably. Ruxpin reconnects with Nazira and they make plans to continue their “training” at one of the various Spinrad facilities around town- even with Gabby pulling the corp more and more towards Dubai and elsewhere, they still own many properties in town. Nazira also points out some interesting tension between a pixie that Tenure spotted, Kyttaria Uht-Matar, who is a representative of the Broceliande Fae of Brittany, and a delegation of courtier Fae from the Seelie Court.

Tenure and Bug say hello to some various others but hone in on Donatien and Murdoch, with Bug distracting Murdoch by offering up some intel about Mouraria, a district that doesn’t get much attendance from the Tour, but which has strange and magical street art, some of which may be connected to the Tarot. This seems to perk him up a bit, though he is as mumbly and soft-spoken as ever. Meanwhile, Tenure makes use of his charge’s distraction to engage Donatien in some friendly chatter and manages to get some more intel about the Yellow Marquis- he apparently can grant great and forbidden knowledge, but at a cost, and not all survive spending a Tour in his entourage. Donatien explains that he did, and gained much from it, though he also lost things, not least amongst them many of his cohort. That said, it seems it was a bargain he is ultimately pleased to have made, as it elevated him to his current social status, which he thinks he would have been hard-pressed to attain without it.

Tenure and Bug both feel they’ve made some useful progress bonding with the pair. After staying out til sunrise, they return to the safehouseboat, and find that Dr. D has taken betameth to stay up all night, as he has not yet signed group norms and been given access to team resources, and doesn’t yet have the funds to buy appropriate clothes for the Tour. He seems in good spirits about it all, and he and Ruxpin going for an early morning river-side jog before calling it a night. They team rests up and wakes late the next day, to find that Herr Nebel has contacted them and requested a meeting, also offering himself up as a patron of the arts, should they find themselves in possession of any.

They discuss his recent history, and sifting through the conspiracies, find that he does seem to have heavily backed a left-wing candidate to successfully become the current leader of Austria, defeating a right-wing monarchist favored by many conservatives across Europe, including Hans Dechant, a member of the Gran Comité. They decide based on this that will follow up, though not all of them are excited about a dragon knowing who they are, especially after being spotted by Coppernickel. They get a call from Thomas Roxborough, and answer after some deliberation, which he seems pleased by, perhaps testing if they would still work with him after Echo’s departure.

He offers them a solid payday in exchange for helping to sabotage his competitors in a boat race to be held this evening, as part of a mobile boat and yacht party known as “On The Tagus”, the second event of the Tour. Blimps will be overheard, and old-timey sailing gear will be the dress code. Many boats will be done up with AR and props to appear more archaic, and some replica tall-ships will be out as well. The racers will be using whatever private craft they choose, and Roxie suggests that some level of non-lethal sabotage is expected, if not encouraged, and the more unnoticed the better. The team agrees, and does some research on the other racers.

Although there are many participants, mostly Tour attendees with few locals, Hunch finds some betting sites where they split off the top 5 competitors, of which Roxie is one. The others are Ding Ramos, Scale (a drake working directly for Lofwyr), Adrian Saurat (a wannabe Spinrad playboy type), and Emanuel Sales (a local Lusaida rep, Lusaid being the national corp of Portugal, and with Spinrad pulling back, the dominant local employers). They discuss skills and tactics, and Roxie provides them with two sea sleds, skeletal and un-armored, stripped for speed to keep up with the racing craft while underwater. They take some time getting things ready- Dr. D making potions and storing them in his Vault of Ages to keep them fresh, Ruxpin and Bug calling in Grey Cell favors to get their weapons modded to work underwater (through Bravo Company, who they remember from the team file as allies from Detroit, and their local rep, a tough-looking petite woman named PointGuard).

Bug sneaks two command trigger alchemical preps onto Saurat and Sales’ boats, putting them on the controls in places they won’t be noticed, and Hunch and D head up in the recently arrived blimp with Breeze, who is hosting a small gathering to provide cover, since D and Hunch are “actively” doing a job from the blimp. Tenure finds a choke point along the race route to conceal the team sub, and Bug gets in position a little further along with his sea sled. Ruxpin plans to stick with Roxie’’s boat with the other sea sled to defend. The team also bought upgraded maneuvering softs for both sleds, lacking an RCC for the first time in a while, they have to hard load them onto the vehicles instead of running them shared and remote.

The race kicks off, and with Hunch keeping a close eye on everything from above, the team feeds Roxie some tips to stay in the front and avoid their traps, with his closest competitors following, though Tenure manages to use a massive bug swarm illusion to slow Ding Ramos’ huge craft at the choke point, taking him out of contention and blocking the rest of the field beyond the top 5 for just long enough to make sure there won’t be any surprises there. He then successfully sneaks back to the sub (using Breeze’s camo cloak again), and puts it on autopilot to go pick up Bug after he does his attack. Bug and Ruxpin both see a bunch of sabotage boring drones launch from Ramos’ slowed craft towards the front-runners, and Ruxpin starts picking off the ones headed towards Roxie’s boat form his position underneath.

Bug spots some other saboteurs, seemingly working for Scale and riding water spirits, they are attaching heavy weights with magnets to other craft to slow them with drag, but hanging back from Roxie for now, having spotted Ruxpin with his rifle. Bug remains undetected, and gets a solid hit on Scale’s craft with the modded HERF gun, doing just enough damage to slow it enough for Ramos’ drones to make contact, taking him out of contention as well. Above, D triggers his two preps, and both Saurat and Sales experience a sudden sluggishness, slowing their reaction enough that Saurat’s boat gets magneted by saboteurs, though he dodges the drones and seems flustered, and Sales gets hit by drones AND saboteurs, slowing him massively.

Roxie wins, as planned, with his craft and self fully offline during the race to avoid ALICE interfering, which the team had suggested and he had confirmed. Hunch has had to tight-beam comms to him to get around this, which the blimp is very helpful for. The rest of the top 5 still get to the finish line in good order, aside from Sales, who falls many ranks down, barely limping across in the top 10, with the Quints’ boat and many others overtaking him. Ramos flexes for the cameras but doesn’t disembark, turning out to Eternidad for the evening’s festivities. Scale disembarks to some disgruntled acknowledgment- Lofwyr and Johnny were longtime semi-friendly rivals, so he seems like a respected though disliked competitor to the locals at least. Roxie on the other hand seems just disliked, with Sales being the local favorite. Saurat gets some negative attention as well, though he seems too distracted by his frustrating loss to notice, and Roxie just doesn’t care.

Not a great look overall for the Tour, but the team feels this is an accurate representation so perhaps fair. Before departing, Roxie asks the team to keep an eye out for Alice Lewis and Halberstram’s Brain, as well as ALICE the digital entity, during the Tour. Most of the team takes money as payment, but Hunch chooses intel, and gets some more info on Blue Gate, their founder, and their modus operandi. He also gets some tantalizing hints as to the manufactured nature of both Gary Cline the “CEO” of Horizon, and Corinne Potter, the Governor of Free Seattle, both of whom Roxie suggests are Dawkins Group-manufactured personas made to suit their roles. He offers more intel in the future for more work, which interest Hunch greatly.

On the blimp, with partiers rotating through, MCO and her entourage eventually make an appearance. She requests that the team look into a Tour attendee, Herve d’Amat, who she says plays the grieving widower and family man in public to lure in naive youth, not all of whom return from his private events. The team recalls that this is the man she mercilessly mocked at the gala in Dubai, and that they had observed him being cruel to staff when he thought noone was looking. They agree to dig further, and she seems pleased. With that, and the sea sleds ditched, the blimp team keeps partying as cover, while D cleans up his astral trails, and the underwater team heads back to the safehouseboat via sub.