MARIANNE Madness
You've Got a Son, It's Me!
09 NOV 2025
Runners
Echo
Ruxpin
Bug
Breeze
Tenure
Hunch

The team decides they need to make some better local connections before attempting the raid on the AZT cyberzombie lab, so they reach back out to Jacques Herbert to see about some local work. Hunch stays behind at the safehouse to research local stuff, following up on their last meeting with Herbert, and Tenure splits off to do some sight-seeing and check up on magical supplies and oddities in the area. Hunch finds some interesting stuff out: there seem to be two parallel patterns of killings of nobility and oligarchs, not just one large set of suspicious deaths. He plans to look into this further as he is able. He also hears about the most recent killing, an oligarch burned alive with magic while out to eat, and it seems it either was the work of, or was intended to frame, the St. Denis folk hero Dispatch, a former Seattle ’Weener on the run from various cop-corps.

He does a little more research into Dispatch, and the crime scene in town in general, and hears about a youth gang known as Les Miserables who are apparently quite skilled at small scale smuggling, courier work, pick-pocketing etc, under MARIANNE’s watchful eye, having grown up under her reign. Interestingly, they seem to almost all be SINners from lower income families, rather than the SINLess youth who would fill these roles in many sprawls. Hunch also makes some connections with Iz0bel75, a member of the Ultras faction of the Section 89 “sprawlguerilla”, via the Ombres Portees shadowboard. He also receives a warning from her to watch out when receiving local medical care: most of the public hospitals are quietly owned by MCT, if you follow the trail back far enough, so she recommends using other corp or govt contacts, or better yet finding some reliable street docs, even for those with good SINs.

The rest of the crew meets with Herbert, this time at a bustling buffet style spot, where the large number of tourists and families create some passive anti-surveillance effect just from the volume. Echo, as usual, enjoys the gourmand experience- what seems to be France’s food for the common people is still a definitive step up over most UCAS fare. Herbert briefs them on the situation: a conservative gadfly, Andrea Monino, has proposed some extreme new matrix restrictions “for the safety of the children”, and her AGORA results to see if enough of the public supports this plan are doing better than any polling suggests. He explains that he has checked both ARES internal polls as well as reaching out to other press and corp contacts, including Horizon, none of who can explain it.

So, either the French public is more conservative in private than they like to admit when asked, or Monino may have found some way to compromise some part of MARIANNE which is overseeing this specific AGORA. If the votes reach a certain threshold, a citizen assembly will automatically be called to vote on the proposal, and Herbert wants to find out what’s going on, interrupt the process before it gets that far, and also avoid any public acknowledgement of a potential fault in MARIANNE, which could both degrade public confidence, and give the corps ammo against the cyber-republic. The team is a little surprised to find that Herbert is such a Mariannist, with him even going so far as to request that they only report directly to him, and not to any other ARES contacts, as he wants to control how this story is told.

He arranges for the team to all get fresh ARES SINs, though they refuse to provide bio-samples so they are only of good, rather than excellent, quality. He suggests doing some tourist-y stuff around town to establish these new ID’s, and warns them a bit about traveling around town using multiple SINs, ducking into the Catacombs and reappearing etc, as this will all attract MARIANNE’s attention if not done correctly. As much as he supports the system, as a crusading reporter he also needs to know how to evade it from time to time. The team heads out and checks out various museums, restaurants, and sights, as well as getting a hotel for the week. Breeze is disappointed not to spot an actual hunchback at Notre Dame, though some of the others are interested to see VR versions, as well as a whole VR chapel to where people can remotely travel for deathbed confessions and absolution.

Their big tourist day out ends with a wild night at Dante’s Inferno, entering through Rodin’s famous Gates of Hell sculpture, the club having acquired the Rodin museum during a previous low financial point of the French state. Bug and Breeze are content to dance amidst the sculptures of the first floor, after convincing the demonic in appearance bouncers of their worthiness. Echo and Ruxpin push deeper, and notice they quickly lose matrix connectivity. It seems like there might be some kind of magical thing going on too, though they are unable to figure it out. Echo helps Ruxpin get down into an orgy level, and then he goes one deeper to a drug den type level, but is bored there and heads back up to the orgy. The main point of interest they gather is that there are a surprising number of Fae attendees, especially in the lower levels that they reached- they think they got about 5/6 levels down out of the rumored 9.

They all rest at the safehouse and link up with the other 2. Tenure has examined the Louvre a bit- a site of some magical potency for sure, but disappointingly currently closed for renovation, and wholly under the control of the Atlantean Foundation. Investigating the rumors of people vanishing into the artwork will have to wait. Hunch does some initial research, and finds out some good intel on Monino. They debate how to make an approach, since she seems well-guarded. The unpopular AGORA has attracted protesters to her foundation’s office, and the Neo-PD has provided her with a security detail, along with a squad of Aigle Royale bodyguards who look to be a private hire. They escort her everywhere she goes in a convoy, and AR also has the security contract for her gated community west of town, in the wealthy Chez les Bourges suburb.

Since she doesn’t have a rep as a techie type, they assume someone else in her entourage must be managing the actual exploit, unless she has taken a page from her like-minded but more successful peer, Danielle DeLaMar, and made a deal with the Null or some other entity to achieve her goals. They keep digging, asking around locally, and finally reach out to InviteMysteré to promise to follow up on their job in exchange for some intel here. They hear about the tech on her immediate crew- one Francois-Regis Ammar, a multiply failed businessman with a new startup called AlgoVerbe that seems to be a serious of nonsense tech jargon statements and some generic office photos, and not much else (yet) from what the team can tell. However, he first began appearing with Monino a few months back, shortly after the founding of AlgoVerbe, and shortly before the AGORA was announced, so they decide to dig further.

They rent some co-working space in SK’s Montparnasse Tower to gain access to the building, using their ARES SINs, and then Hunch spoofs the elevator to get them down to the AlgoVerbe offices on the 10th floor, after noticing a suspicious lack of matrix activity there. They find a mostly empty office with a small section staged with new furniture with the tags still on, which seems to be where they took their promo photos, from very specific angles. Checking the packaging, Breeze gets a papercut, but Bug finds one package that was resent from another address, in the warehouse district of St. Denis. They grab the van and do a quick surveillance pass, and then stake it out for a while.

It looks like some kind of temporary worksite- they see a shift change, with about 50 people leaving and 50 more arriving, mostly younger people and assorted locals- very much a temp worker crowd. However, the two gate guards seem very focussed on monitoring who is coming and going, and not patrolling the rest of the fence line during shift changes, so Breeze decides to sneak in on the next one. It looks like the site is in continuous operation, running 3 shifts, so they wait a bit, and Hunch sees a lot of matrix activity going on- hundreds of devices active, mostly low rating commlinks, sending out tons of data while not receiving much. Could be a DDOS attack of some sort?

Breeze smoothly hops over the alleyside fence gate, and sneaks in to the building. He sends a visual feed back to the rest of the team of what he finds, and they see all 50 of the temps doing various small, repetitive haptic gestures, or fragments of them over and over, while some others seem to be filling out and filing sections of various documents. All the tasks seem to be broken down into such small sections that no one worker likely has any idea what they’re doing, and Breeze overhears some griping about the pace of the work, so assumes they don’t have much time to ask questions even if they wanted to. Apparently the pay is decent though, a bit of a surprise.

Following the cables from all the commlinks back into an increasingly dense bundle, Breeze traces it a small quonset hut that seems to be running a ton of servers. Two bored, but armed, guards stand out front, and occasionally respond to messages showing up on screes on the wall nearest them- there is a high-end commlink hard-wired in, and someone offsite seems to be doing some active coding and providing updates and instructions. Hunch manages to trace it, and finds it leads to Francois-Regis’ registered penthouse address, where he seems to be working remotely on a decent cyberdeck. Hunch bails before getting noticed. Breeze slips back out. Hunch hires Kobold to trace the massive amount of commlink traffic.

She reports back the next day with some interesting intel- all of the commlinks are sending their data to a single site, which she thinks is likely one of MARIANNE’s Neurons. She wasn’t able to gain access, as the security was intense and there wasn’t an obvious way in, but she did detect a trace of vines in the area- so the Null may be involved after all. They pay her, and report their suspicions into Herbert- it seems like AlgoVerbe is running some kind of ID verification spamming scam to vote (falsely) as real citizens in the AGORA, explaining the tilted results. Kobold also tracked the money a bit, and though she can’t prove it, Monino’s foundation made a large cash withdrawal in the amount that AlgoVerbe announced as their initial round of funding, so the team thinks it is likely that Francois-Regis found a fault in MARIANNE somehow, approached Monino for funding in exchange for it’s initial exclusive use, and here we are.

Herbert is distressed at the revelation, but glad it seems contained to one Neuron- so hopefully a local malfunction, rather than a system-wide issue. Although the site’s are made to be hard to access, they are possible to get into for updates and repairs, and he says he will quietly reach out to see that done. But first, he needs the team to take this “voting machine” offline, though he stresses that there must be no deaths, and that injuries, if unavoidable, should be contained to Francois-Regis and site guards only. The team makes a plan to hit all 3 parts of the operation at once, and reach out to Le Masque about acquiring some plastic explosives. He is happy to oblige, and says he assumed they would need such things for their upcoming AZT lab raid.

He puts them in touch with an anonymous member of “Le Ripoux” aka the Alliance Syndicale, a group of corrupt current and former cops that Neo-PD has not yet been able to expunge. Due to their access to police tech and gear, as well as evidence lockers, and their knowledge of MARIANNE systems and blind spots, they are one of the most effective criminal operations in the city at the moment. Breeze goes to a Catacombs entrance to make the swap, and gets a contact number for a dropbox where they can request future such exchanges. He manages not to spook the guy he’s meeting, heavily anonymized, too badly, though he does give an odd wink at the end.

Hunch hires Iz0bel75 to make them an EMP, and Bug learns a little about demolitions to do his part. With everything acquired, they move. Bug gets dropped off by stealth VTOL on Francois-Regis’ penthouse roof, and carefully avoiding sensors, sneaks over to edge above his balcony, and finds him working just inside, sprawled on a couch. Bug plants the EMP on the outside of the balcony window, pointed right at the cyberdeck, and sneaks away again to get clear. Meanwhile, Breeze, Ruxpin, and Echo all sneak in to the warehouse during another shift change, and Echo plants the plastic explosives on the server shed while Breeze distracts the guards.

Ruxpin hangs back as backup, but decides not to help when Breeze quickly attracts the guards suspicious, since his SIN isn’t on the approved list of workers for the day. Breeze chucks one of them into the other and hoofs, barely dodging some gunfire as he does. Echo detonates the plastic explosives, sending the guards diving for cover, while Tenure does a series of massive Pulse spells on the hundreds of active commlinks, creating much chaos as temp workers panic and flee for the exits. The team makes their escape, with the EMP having gone off at the same time, they assume Francois-Regis is also having a bad day. They report into Herbert about their success, and ask him up their blimp for a private chat.

There, they brief him on the Null Sect, which he seems horrified but not wholly surprised by, and is thrilled that the team is continuing the work of the deceased runner/reporter AA from Boston in spreading the intel. They seems to have made a good friend of Herbert, and he says he will subtly pass warning along about the Null-compromised Neuron to people in the government charged with upkeep of MARIANNE, and that he will finesse the tale for his superiors in ARES to keep them from using this against France. He pays them and departs, and they get back in touch with InviteMysteré to get the details about the next job. It seems that IM has been noticing some further oddness in the MARIANNE system overall, and thinks there may be one or more hidden actors at work there.

For this job, IM has found a posting for work from someone that they think might be one of these hidden actors, and wants the team to take and do the job (as long as it doesn’t require anything truly heinous), in order to try to suss out the ID of this Johnson. They agree, and arrange to trade info and access in place of cash for the task. They reach out to the mysterious Johnson, who insists on a matrix meet, and shows up using a generic off the rack icon and voice. They explain that they need the team to enter a specific Neuron of MARIANNE’s, this one way out of town on Normandy beach, and plant a certain program in the hard dataport inside. There is no way to access it remotely for uploading, so they need to get in in person.

The mysterious Johnson provides extensive intel and plans- it seems this Neuron is not fully online yet, so there are still some tech staff visiting the site, as well as guards keeping an eye on it. Based on the likelihood of a heavy response, the Johnson suggests avoiding a frontal assault, but leaves it up to them. They also explain that if the program doesn’t work, the team should be prepared to execute a Foundation Dive to fix the issue, as the job won’t be considered “complete” otherwise, though extra pay will be attached if Foundation access is required.

Throughout the conversation, the Johnson really feels like a Null, AI, or some other Ei lifeform, though the team isn’t sure exactly what. But a lead at least! They agree to terms, and start thinking about both how to make their approach, and how to figure out who, exactly, they are working for. They also see a news item about Monino cutting ties with AlgoVerbe, with Francois-Regis seemingly unable to keep his promises after their interruption, and also see that her AGORA is tanking again without that artificial upvoting. Herbert seems pleased.