Every Scar is a Lesson
The Age of Cyberzombies
24 NOV 2025
Runners
Echo
Ruxpin
Bug
Breeze
Tenure
Hunch

The team gets down to business of raiding AZT’s cyberzombie lab south of Paris. They review the intel briefing, and get Monsieur Gris to put them in touch with a discrete street docnamed Nina Olivier (to avoid the MCT-controlled hospitals), as well as an arms dealer named Skarn Ka with a good rep in the shadows. They purchase the various requisite gear for the job ahead, and decide not to take the time to get to know any of the factions they had considered allying with, as they are already a bit behind Gris’ ideal schedule, as the lab has likely turned out more than one CZ at this point. They also confer with Le Masque about his duties on the job ahead and come to an agreement.

They also hear from Herbert again, that his sources reported that construction delays at another Neuron out by Normandy have all of a sudden cleared up, and it should be linked up to MARIANNE soon. He seems to be fishing a little, but this does seem to suggest that the team succeeded in their effort there, rooting out the Null Sect from another Neuron for their mysterious Johnson. Herbert also reports on heavily armed and well-equipped teams paying visits to select other Neurons after the two recent problem zones were uncovered.

They do realize they need some hacking and rigging support beyond what they can manage or trust to auto-pilot, so Echo reaches out to Artur Karolina, the ex-MCT rigger the team met on the Place of Clouds, who is now working for Grey Cell in Europe, and gets him on board. Breeze contacts Kobold, who provides a list of some other Chicago-area deckers she trusts, from which the team chooses two more: Dot-Execute, a mercenary pro, and Loop, another more expensive loner who also rigs a bit, as a backup. They stock up on satlinks and data tap, and rest up to go the next day, having done some recon to discover that that is the day of the next weekly box truck delivery of supplies.

They set up an ambush on the lone country road that serves the facility after picking up all their mission gear from Skarn Ka in southern France along the Med. They hide the van in the dense woods, and prepare to strike. Karolina pilots Hunch up in the team VTOL to the stealthed surveillance and drone launcher drone 1km above the facility. They catch some bad luck and the VTOL takes some serious damage from Hunter-Killer drones as Hunch gets the data tap attached, but luckily Loop gets in quick and squelches the warning the drone tries to send to the base. Karolina gets Hunch clear of the HK drones as Loop struggles to gain control of those as well.

The rest of the team sees the truck coming in, and hits the area jammer as Echo and Breeze step out and try to scare the drivers into giving over. They do scare them, but they accelerate through instead, so Bug and Ruxpin blow off one of the wheels, Breeze dashes up and lockpicks the door with impressive alacrity, and Echo ventilates the cab with their auto-shotgun before remembering these are just delivery drivers. Still, no witnesses for a major hit on AZT is probably not a bad plan. Everyone is a little shocked as Tenure dashes up and finishes the driver off his newly purchased combat axe and Breeze chokes out the injured backup driver in shotgun. They drag the bodies a short way into the forest, splash the cab in Cleaner-Cleaner, and Breeze starts swapping out the wheel for spare while they reset the jammer and ambush a little further ahead on the road.

Hunch, clear of HK drones and back on oversight, spots the facility patrol technical coming to check out why they lost comms with the delivery truck, and warns the team. They set off their ambush, and quickly take out the driver and gunner without them getting any comms or shots off, moving the jammer forward to prevent any passive comms alerting the facility. They do the same cleanup on the pickup as they did on the box truck, and leave the jammer with the bodies once they have both vehicles data-tapped, hacked, and under Karolina’s control. They head up to the facility, with Dot Execute gaining them access through the gate without the usual approvals, back-dooring in through a comms channel on the stealth drone under Loop’s control.

Loop reports she has the HK drones under control, and is starting to take out some of the small “splatter” drones used for facility sec. Le Masque reports he has LOS and is in position, but also warns the team they have been assensed by the spirits on-site before he could take them both out, and found wanting. The team has Karolina pull around back to the loading dock, while shouting out their windows about some kind of comms glitch to temporarily confuse the security staff in the watchtower, which Le Masque quickly takes out with a rocket launcher as they decide their cover is blown and it’s time to go hot.

Kobold gets the freight elevator descending with the team aboard as a lobby and yard full of surprised facility staff gawk at this unexpected turn of events. The team splits, with Echo headed for the mechanical plant while the others race for the security room. Loop reports she is taking down more of the splatter drones, but that the facility is entering a security response and launching their heavier aerial and ground drones. Echo uses det cord to blast into the plant and start pumping 50 doses of Neuro-Stun into the ventilation system, they quickly hear some coughing and slumping sounds from the nearby holding cells, but decide to ignore them for now.

The rest of the team C4’s the door to the security room, not wanting to take chances, and then duck back out of the way of the return fire. Dodging back inside, they return fire, with Tenure using an area spell to slow their enemies. Bug and Ruxpin manage to drop the mage, and Tenure drops his spell as Breeze races in and steals one of the guard’s guns. Tenure follows and with a mighty blow, cracks open the enemy rigger’s armored cocoon. Hearing the upsetting sound of Steel Lynx feet descending stairs, Bug decides to focus on the rigger and takes him out with focused fire as Tenure and Ruxpin both take some heavy damage.

Echo rejoins Bug in the hall and gets into a nasty throwdown with the Lynx’s, with both sustaining heavy injuries as Bug switches over to his new HERF gun for better effect on the drones. The rest of the team manage to take out the rest of the guards with melee combat and some close quarters gunplay, before Tenure and Breeze coup de grace the two hackers desperately trying to protect their facility against the matrix onslaught. Tenure launches a large Chaff spell into the hallway, which seems to temporarily confuse the drones to great effect. Hunch, keeping an eye on everything via satlink keeps frantically tagging targets to try to keep the team aware and safe.

Unfortunately, they hear the elevator ding at the end of the hall, and 2 mostly complete Cyberzombies enter the fray, opening fire with their arm-mounted SMG’s loaded with Ex-Ex, a horrific amount of noise in the enclosed underground space. The team buckles down for more heavy combat, and readies themselves to push through to the conclusion. Form outside, Loop reports that she has lost all of her drones and the technical, but managed to take down half of the heavy aerial sec drones and some other external security features. She has to bail due to dumpshock piling up, but wishes them luck.