Introducing Doctor D
Finishing the Raid
30 NOV/25
Runners
Echo
Ruxpin
Bug
Breeze
Tenure
Hunch

The team continues their brutal firefight in the first basement level of the AZT facility. With Loop having been forced to log off due to dumpshock, they’ve also lost much of their combat ability outside, aside from calling in more favors from Le Masque. Hunch keeps an eye out as well, but is mostly focusing on keeping the team alive via the TacNet. Luckily, Loop took out 2 of the 4 heavy aerial sec drones, so the team will only have to deal with a pair of them and any remaining security guards who were outdoors when everything kicked off, so they should be poorly on unequipped. Dot-Execute and Kobold have pwned the system, locking down the building and trapping most of the staff in areas that have rapidly filled with Neuro-Stun, selectively venting here and there to try not to kill anyone accidentally.

However, they have also had to cut comms to the outside world fully, and are still engaging in a pitched battle with IC in the servers, and before long Dot-Execute has to drop as well due to biofeedback damage. Kobold gets what data she can for the team, makes sure they have elevator access, and sets the system on a long reboot cycle to give everyone some time to get out. Outdoors, Hunch momentarily has to drop defenses for the crew belowground to tag a fast-flying stealth drone doing a pass over the facility, allowing Le Masque to splash it with a homing missile from his launcher. Although this will slow AZT’s response more, it seems inevitable that there will be one before long.

Hunch logs back in and is horrified to find that Echo is down and bleeding out, though Tenure is doing a skillful job of manipulating a sustained Chaff field to mostly keep the drones out of the fight as the team picks them off, with Bug’s new HERF gun proving especially critical. The cyberzombies are a problem, though. As well as Echo going down, Ruxpin’s armor is shredded, and he decides to abandon it, bursting out of it into bear form, to gain some advantage in the desperate brawl. They eventually take the CZ’s and the last drone down, all of them dying in eerie quiet after the loud violence preceding.

Ruxpin stays behind to heal Echo, and after stabilizing them but unable to wake them up, starts ripping open cell doors in bear form after hearing a quiet request for aid. He ends up finding a runner team, made of a Dwarf shaman woman, Enana, who managed to sustain her breath and avoid losing consciousness to the Neurostun, and also an Elf woman decker, Volantes, a somewhat prickly Ork man and PhysAd, Picaro, and a Troll man and heavy weapons fighter named Chicharron. There is only one other prisoner, a man with a full-face skull tat that glows slightly in the flickering emergency lights. Ruxpin, having encountered a Loa before, thinks he knows what this is (he is wrong), and offers appropriate obeisance.

This seems to confuse the man, Oluwasegun Ige, though he graciously accepts Ruxpin’s offer of aid and asks for a ride back to Paris, and says that he will repay the favor someday. Downstairs, Le Masque’s secret side plan has been instigated, with his contact on the inside, Dr. D, stepping away from the ritual chamber as the assault began, and carefully disabling some security measures on the lower level. When the team of Breeze, Bug, and Tenure emerge from the elevator, they find him waiting- a tall, gaunt Elf man in his mid-50’s with blackened fingernails, and the look of an alchemist. He gleefully greets them and refers to their mutual ally, Le Masque, to make them trust him, a bit.

He also has critical intel on the facility down here, and gives the team some social and tactical pointers on how to safely get the medical and ritual staff cuffed and offsite, without collapsing the ritual in a dangerous way. The lead mage and doctor are both highly skilled and trained in extraction protocols, and are not the type to risk their own lives (or those of carefully chosen subordinates) unnecessarily, expecting that they will likely be ransomed or traded back by whichever corp is acquiring them. The plan goes better on the ritual side, which Tenure tackles with Dr. D. Given the visible wounds and limited patience on display from Tenure, and the unexpected treachery of Dr. D. (as his former colleagues see it), they agree to go along with it, though they seem quite displeased by the insistence on mage masks being used.

They carefully shut down and tie off the ritual and then proceed under guard to the elevator once Ruxpin reports the all clear from above, and Hunch reports the same from the eye in the sky. Ruxpin is still in bear from, so luckily Enana has been mentally translating for him, and Volantes has patched some tech together to keep comms running while Picaro and Cheech re-arm from the weapons scattered about after the fight. Breeze and Bug have a little less luck with the doctors, failing to intimidate them, though they do agree to go along with the extraction peacefully, recognizing the situation they are in. The head doc insists on dictating some terms for their cooperation, including being loosely cuffed in the front only to avoid damaging the instruments of their trade (their hands).

Luckily, Breeze is chill, and Bug is focusing on looking scary (not hard in current condition and equipment setup), so it all goes alright from there, and both team bring their captives up. Picaro seems to be the “leader” of the other team, though he gets a lot of sassy backtalk and eye rolls from Volantes, and a chill guide from behind assist from Enana. Cheech seem content to be in a support roll, perhaps he and Ruxpin see a bit of themselves in one another- the requisite “big guy” on the team. They head back up the freight elevator, and make a quick and desperate plan to deal with the aerial drones before more AZT troops arrive, with Breeze dashing out to distract them while Ruxpin and Bug line up shots.

The plan works a little too well, and Breeze gets lit up with airborne HMG’s, only barely surviving due to a timely interjection from Hunch on which way to dodge and when. Ruxpin misses, but Bug manages to take out one drone, with Picaro’s crew and the snipers finishing off the other one as it turns for another pass. Breeze races for the garage to grab some more trucks to take everyone away, and comes under fire from a lone gunner in one of the 3 remaining technicals there. Dr. D chucks a lube grenade in, causing the guard to flee, and allowing Breeze to dash in, grab him, and KO him with electro-weave armor and shock gloves. They slap more data taps in the trucks and Kobold hacks her way in to get Artur Karolina access. He lands the VTOL with Hunch on top of the box truck, since 4 vehicles at once is about his limit.

Both Breeze and Tenure take driver’s seat positions in case they need to take manual control on the way out, with Tenure quickly throwing one truck into a ditch and bailing on it. They get the team van back which luckily has good autopilot, and race back to the connecting roads from the single forest road to the facility. On Kobold’s instructions, they are tearing more and more potential tracking components out of the vehicles as they go, and chucking them out the windows. They get ahold of Monsieur Gris, and he directs them to the Fountainbleu Forest to the north, on the way to Paris, to make the handoff. There, they will meet a Druid contact who has dealing with the guardian spirits of those woods.

Karolina races them up there, and drops them off where the Druid, a Dryad named Magalle who seems to be a member of the Sun Society and speaks with a mostly-concealed posh accent and diction, awaits with a heavy duty tracked off-roader- some kind of farm equipment repurposed as a people mover. Hunch can sense some powerful spirits around as well. Le Masque shows up to make sure the team doesn’t hand Dr. D over, which they eventually agree to, and LM suggests taking D along for some Grand Tour stuff in Lisbon, as he is quite a useful fellow, and it seems like the team might want to be out of France soon and for a while.

They agree, since Echo is still unconscious and not looking well- having an alchemist and drug-maker along can only help. Everyone else gets loaded up and Magalle drives off, with Karolina taking all the rigged vehicles back on the road in various directions to confuse pursuit. The team loads up in the van, and heads up to Paris, with Picaro’s crew staying behind in the woods to get their own ride. They reveal they have been working for Moreau and the Draco Foundation of late, as well as their founder and icon, the lesser dragon Kukulkan. The team realizes they have some past allies in common, so they arrange to stay in touch. Ige bails on the van almost as soon as they reach Paris, and slips down into The Catacombs, but passes along a contact and tells them that they have at least one friend in the Maison de Saint Joseph, the local Zobop chapter.

The team then heads downtown, to the well-appointed apartment and surgical suite of Dr. Nina Olivier, who they find to be a delightfully brassy older woman wearing an incongruous safari suit. She ushers Echo into her operating theater and quickly banishes everyone else, including Ruxpin, telling them she will not put up with hangers-on moping about. They ask her to pass a message to Echo when they wake up, that VTOL pickup is only a call away. They then head to the safehouse and start clearing it out, though Hunch has another strange run-in nearby with another of the same black and blue body-suited individuals, the last of which Bug met in Dubai, when they helped the team rescue Mosaic.

They have a quick chat, with the mysterious figure warning Hunch to look out for the “Yellow Marquis” in Lisbon, apparently a dangerous fixture of the Tour, and also to be wary of any more strange AI’s floating around Europe’s grids. A report would certainly be appreciated, and the figure gives the matrix address for a dropbox for leaving intel. Hunch tries to make some inquiries, but the figure refuses to divulge much, saying simply that they found the team useful before, and feel their goals may continue to align, from time to time. After they CleanerCleaner the safehouse and load up van and blimp, they head out of Paris, saying goodbye, for now, to the City of Lights. They swing down to Nice to a storage unit where Dr. D has a stash of supplies and a go bag, and also finally hear from Gris, who seems thrilled with their success.

In Echo’s absence, they lack a negotiator, but Gris pays them well regardless, and after sharing some intel on Le Masque doesn’t even seem overly annoyed about them holding onto one of the mages, as he agrees these seem like useful allies. Gris arranges for another Tour SIN to be procured from Mosaic for D, with the team swinging up through Lille-Dunkirk to get the final touches at Samizdat’s forgery lab. Properly equipped, they head out for Lisbon, excited to reunite with the safehouseboat. As they leave, Hunch passes along some data on the mysterious deaths of nobility and oligarchs to Jacques Herbet who seems excited to receive it.

Herbert gets back a bit later, and tips Hunch off that he was right- there are two distinct patterns. After checking with some sources and cross-referencing some lists, Herbert confirms that one branch seems to be members or associates of “The Hunters”, a noble/human supremacist group that hunted metahumans for sport. These seem to be straight-forward revenge killings (in motivation- the executions themselves are sometimes quite complex). The other branch seems to much subtler, but seems focused on removing threats to and opponents of the cyber-Republic, so seems like some sort of deadly Mariannist force, but with a long and disturbing reach- lots of unexplained single car crashed, lethal biofeedback, unexpected overdoses, unmotivated acts of spontaneous violence etc. This bears looking further into, but based on what they’ve recently seen, Herbert and Hunch both worry what else may be lurking in France’s matrix systems…

Echo finally wakes up and calls, and announces that as they get paid back for mission prep by Gris, and recently suffered both major mental and physical trauma, they are going to take the hint and retire to the team’s ranch, using their saved up stash to build up an initial SCIF there, which they are thinking of calling “The Echo Chamber”, and renting out for use for completely discrete conversations. Le Masque also passes along some intel from the next mage he wants to rescue from inside AZT, one Aurore Bloch, who is apparently working on some super-secret project in Brittany. She shares some data showing how study of the Brittany Mist phenomenon gave the Disians critical insight into how to pull off the “iii Corps attack”, which is the first time the team has heard it referred to specifically as an attack, rather than just an “incident” or similar.

This does indeed seem promising for a future extraction, and also further cements the point Gris made that Le Masque is a useful, if dangerous, ally. The team exits France, internal border crossings in the EuroZone made even smoother than usual with their Grand Tour SINs and passes. Lisbon here we come!