Date: 28 DEC 2025

Runners:
Ruxpin
Breeze
Tenure
Hunch
Dr. D

Summary:
After a short debate, the team reaches out to InviteMysteré, their mysterious matrix-only Johnson, to report that they were able to ID their other mysterious matrix-only Johnson as the AI entity called ANGEUS. After receiving the report, IM is quite disturbed but thanks the team for their good work and proffers more in the future. They also provide money, gear, and secrets, as promised. Ruxpin and Dr. D take cash, Breeze requests a cool custom wingsuit, to be able to dive down from the blimp in style, and Hunch and Tenure seek secret knowledge. Tenure gets some more background on Jonathan Blake, concerned about Breeze and the team’s general proximity, and finds out that Blake may not actually be a full Black Lodge member, and could instead be the “familiar” of a member. He also seems to have had both his son and a Jackpoint-er named Axis Mundi disappeared and likely killed after they leaked some intel on the BL to JP.

Hunch asks for into on the Kechibi Code, and gets some tips of leads to follow- a minor noble named Matthias Stackhausen outside Berlin, and their old NYC contact Rikki Nguyen. IM also provides some distressing footage from first responders and CSI teams looking into multiple unsolved massacres that took place, seemingly via drone attack, at a number of underground code farms, with all the high-end data servers pulled during or after the attacks. Since these happened shortly before the K-Code first appeared, there are some rumors of a connection. There also may be a connection to the digital/astral entity known as PSYCHE, as they also appeared around the same time. The team is able to disprove the rumors of a Null Sect connection based on their own knowledge.

Regardless, the rumors about the potency of the predictive algorithm, if that is indeed all that it is, are grand enough that many powerful factions, corps, and individuals seek it, and there have been a number of global incidents where it’s supposed presence or appearance have resulted in major kinetic action in a wide variety of settings by those seeking to possess and control it. It is unclear who, if anyone, currently has it, or if it is free in the matrix (or even if it is capable of independent operation). Satisfied with all of their payments, they agree to keep working with IM in the future. They also decide to tip off Jacques Herbert about the identity of his hyper-effective anonymous source- also ANGEUS! As a dedicated MARIANNIST, he seems perhaps less disturbed that IM by the revelation, though still plenty shocked.

He says this is a valuable new lead though, and thanks the team, promising to be cautious in his investigations, as he is well aware of the reach and deadly intent that ANGEUS seems capable of. That said, he seems to think she may be working for the good of Le France, overall, even if he doesn’t fully sign on with the methods. He says that he hopes to have more for them by the time the Tour returns to Paris for it’s final stop. With that, the team decides to use Beach Night to get a jump on their job collecting signatures for Ruiz Ferdiña’s mystery client. They contact the first target, Moab Ristoni, after doing some research and calling in a few favors, and offer him a night of discrete and titillating sweat play, comped of course, at Violetta Quintal’s brothel in the Docklands.

He eagerly accepts, and as instructed, Violetta’s employees get him to sign the documents required via some intense edging. Meanwhile, the team has concocted a nice little offer for Moab, to keep him from complaining about either the circumstances or the venue. They collects a variety of news items about people in similar situations who lose a lot of professional rep due to their “indiscretion” (the signing over much more than the kink stuff), compose some spicy erotica playing up the excitement of the FinDom angle, and provide another voucher for a return trip. Keeping true to his rep as an even-keeled and pleasant man, he peruses their offer fairly calmly and eventually accepts, overcoming his mild distaste at being taking advantage of with his excitement at the prospect of more.

With that checked off, the team decide to tackle Anya’s job the next day during one of the two fútbol matches scheduled during the Tour’s stop. Dr. D, having seen that most of the team can’t handle substances as well as him, spends a while tinkering to make more personally customized, less addictive drugs for those willing to provide genetic info. Hunch refuses, paranoid about security as usual. Hunch and Breeze get tickets to the game using their Tour SINs, Tenure secures an invite for himself, Murdoch, and Donatien to Anya’s reserved booth, and Bug hops in the freshly repaired stealth VTOL with his rifle. Navigating in the dense drone traffic over the university district to perch over the closed stadium roof, Bug waits for his shot.

Hunch spots some Sphynx Security (Spinrad subsid) close protection on the target, Peter Gnassingbe, and reports that they’ll have to take the shot on the field to avoid intervention there. Ruxpin and D hang back, and do some research on plays, positions, etc to determine the likeliest time for a clean shot at Ganssingbe with no problematic background in case of over-penetration. Hunch focuses up and provides detailed targeting info to Bug via the TacNet as Bug pops a few drugs and alchemical preps from D to boost his chances. When Gnassingbe makes a clean break down the field, headed for the goal, Bug takes the shot, and he tumbles to the ground before anyone can realize what happened, clutching the remains of his leg.

His security and team medics rush out as the instant replay blasts over all the trid screens, causing a panic once it plays in slo-mo and people start to realize what has happened. Up in the booth, with advance warning, Tenure has managed to distract Anya and critically her friend Giovanna, Peter Gnassingbe’s daughter, from the shooting itself and the immediate aftermath, though as security clamps down and the situation becomes obvious, he overhears a panicked “ohgodnotagain” from Giovanna. Tenure has also managed to further bond with Murdoch a bit, using an astral study of crowd dynamics at sporting events as the basis for catching his interest.

Anya rallies her security detail and offers to escort Giovanna down to the medical facility on-site to see her father, who Anya ensures her is alright, after Giovanna flashes a haunted look, likely worried about having spoken this even into being at her previous lunch with Bug and Anya, though Tenure thinks Giovanna hasn’t put together the pieces- more just a kid feeling guilty for an idle wish having come true in an unexpected monkey-paw fashion. They depart, and Tenure exits more sedately along with Murdoch and Donatien (and security) through the VIP entrance. Breeze and Hunch both slip through the crowd towards a rear emergency exit, avoiding both hooligan brawls and the mash rush exodus towards the main gates, as stadium AR and security tries to calmly guide people.

With the foreknowledge of what was to happen, they also set up another signature, this time for the Mussolini heir in exile. Knowing of his massive gambling debts, they call him up and tell him to both watch the game, to see what they can do to someone who doesn’t repay his debts, and also, tip him off to bet against Gnassingbe finishing the match, with very beneficial odds, given his star team of doctors and the like, allowing him to clear a significant portion of his debts. In exchange, the team tell him they will ask him for one simple favor afterwards, and he will know the price of refusal. He seems properly intimidated, and after the match, Breeze thoroughly disguises himself and sneaks over to his family’s small palazzo, where he is ushered in by a surly liveried footman.

He finds the young Mussolini nervously waiting while his mother watches over with a shotgun. He confirms that Mussolini has made enough to make a sizeable dent in his mountain of gambling debts, and then presents the documents and biometrics, saying this is the required favor. Breeze maybe lays it on a little thick, and is chided by the mother, who says that “the boy” has been sufficiently chastened and has learned his lesson, and seems to consider the whole affair beneath them. Breeze collects the signatures and confirmations, and heads out. Noticing the Italianate style of the whole place, the nostalgic (for fascist Italy) vibe and the lack of facility with Portuguese, he feels not at all bad about causing them some inconvenience.

They report the first two signatures into Luisa Creus, who pays up as promised, and congratulates them on their rapid progress. The team heads out for Fado night, a slow, sad Lisbon style, focused on “saudade”, a lifelong, irreparable longing from some inciting incident or another. Breeze and Hunch decide to track down the Quints and see what they’re up to, with Hunch finding Moak, sporting a bit of a hostage video expression, wheeling and dealing with the primary Tour crowd, stopping to appreciate various street and club performances, etc. Breeze, bored after a short while with the slow, sad songs, finds the other two Quints present on the Tour dancing to upbeat bangers up behind the DJ at a packed underground rave club, which seems to be purposefully counter-programming the Tour event, for the youth.

Unable to easily find his way past dense security, including some Wuxing Geomancers, to approach the Quints, Breeze just focuses on the dance. He and Ruxpin, who tags along, briefly consider trying to get the DJ to play Heat’s “Dancing Sickness” remix, but D votes against it hard, and Hunch refuses to unlock the file. D enjoys the saudade along with Tenure, both possessing plenty of regretful past incidents in their lives to reflect on. Hunch makes contact with Moak using his Tour SIN as a PR specialist, to offer shadow services via his many “connections” (wanting a layer of plausible deniability). Moak seems relived to have a brief distraction from the glad-handing, and tells Hunch to send some references, and that she will make contact as needed. Hunch does so, and the team wraps up the evening.

Back at the safehouseboat, D gets a call from Violetta, offering work from an anonymous Johnson, who wants to set a matrix meeting for midday the next day to discuss. Violetta says she doesn’t know many details and has merely been hired to recommend a crew for an extraction and 24 hour hold gig. “Catch and Release” if you will. D confirms with the team that they will at least take the meeting if not the job. The next day, they head to the matrix meeting, with Hunch having gotten up early to order and set up a holoprojector for Ruxpin to be able to participate. They meet with the Johnson, who insists on staying anonymous, and who requires them to kidnap a specific target, not kill or permanently injure anyone in the process, hold the target in comfort and safety for 24 hours, and then return her. They are welcome to perform as the heroic rescuers if they would like the positive press.

They agree to terms, and the Johnson reveals the target: Duchess Rhiannon Glendower, the Welsh noble and eco-activist. the Johnson has a list of all her favorite snacks, trids to download, and sizing for a particular set of luxury lounge-wear to have on hand. The Johnson also provides detailed intel on the Duchess’ planned movements for the evening’s Tour engagements, into the start of the next day, as well as the security detail, lead by a very dedicated Dwarf rigger-adept named Daphne. The Johnson reiterates that no harm is to come to Daphne or anyone else, but that there is likely to be a major search and rescue effort, so the team will need to hide the Duchess well to succeed, and be careful in how they return her.

They look over the itinerary, and start to make a plan- wherever they decide to grab her, they will exfil her from the city via sub, then stealth VTOL her up to the blimp, where she can rest in comfort before likely taking the voyage in reverse a day later. Looking at her schedule, they can see why the Johnson assures that the Duchess will not cause any problems as long as she is kept safe and comfortable- she looks like she could really use a day off. Hunch realizes that based on her eco-activist past, and the promise of a massive search effort, the team better clear the whole plan with the Sea Dragon to make sure they don’t step on any toes there.

Tenure heads over to Soresha Na’Sharina’s salvaged yacht, somehow magically kept afloat despite it’s many draconic punctures, and is let aboard by a sort of shark-man guard, Mako. Soresha hears out the plan, though the team refuses to ID the Duchess as the target ahead of time. They do agree that the team will vacate the ocean’s waters on request if the Sea Dragon is unhappy with the plan/target at any time, but they arrange that if the SD approves, Soresha can play the heroic rescuer for some good press, since the team can’t figure out how to do that part to their benefit anyway. Reaching out proactively seems to have been the correct move, as the SD looks favorably on proper deference, and Soresha seems to enjoy the scheming.

With that, they prepare for the evening’s activities- a snatch and grab amidst the dense Carnivale-esque packed streets of Lisbon, as the Tour crowd moves from opera house to symphony hall and back!