When You've Held Excalibur
We All Have Our Own Private Zero Zones
31 MAR 2026
Runners
Ruxpin
Bug
Breeze
Tenure
Hunch

The team exits Berlin via various means. Dr. D splits off for a bit to stock up on rare reagents, having heard that they can be harder to come by in London (without the right connections) and plans to ride in with the van, smuggling in the illicit magical items below. Ruxpin and Bug take a private flight to City of London airport aboard Bozena Nepovema’s PJ, with Ruxpin getting his implanted auto-injector restocked (a tricky process given the combo of magic and tech knowledge needed to operate on Shapeshifters), and Bug replacing his damaged and missing parts with useful new gear- primarily a high-end realistic cyberarm, custom-modded to fit a grapple hand. He has to call in a favor with Thomas Roxborough to gain access to the requisite advanced cybernetics, but it should prove useful.

The rest of the team hops aboard the blimp, with Breeze still mourning the loss of the Shinobi Queen. Heading for London, they do some research on what to expect there, and decide to pause and do some armor-modding before leaving the more free-wheeling Berlin, adding acid resistance to their walking around gear, and making sure everyone has a rebreather and/or gas mask. They also upgrade their armorer drone to assist with all of this. They read up on rules and restrictions for moving about London (numerous) and for crossing in and out of the city to the wider UK (also restrictive), but their Tour passes should give them some leeway for travel as desired.

Looking into neighborhoods, they decide to moor their safehouseboat on the Docklands/Dogs border- right on the line between a busy port and an up and coming club and condos area, which should suit both of their styles of need well for purposes both official and shadow-y. They contact K’air’k, their local Sea Dragon fixer, and have him make the arrangements. He seems a bit intense. They decide to head to meet their Grey Cell contact first off once they all arrive and link up, and send the blimp out of the city to travel the countryside on SkyGuide autopilot until they need it, given the densely busy and heavily restricted London airspace. They plan to rent a lockup somewhere on the outskirts for the van once D arrives, since it is also quite hard to get around via motor vehicle in the city.

Deciding to wait for now on getting another stealth VTOL, they find that the public transit system is dense and varied, and quite functional, and head over to to the East End, to meet up with the retired runner Witch Agatha Hawthorne. They find her to be quite personable, and also a little nervy about being new to Grey Cell, but they manage to make introductions, eat some tasty fish and chips (both soy and meat) and head to her lodge and street doc suite out back after the meal to get briefed. It seems like their GC job in London should be a little more chill than the last 2 stops- investigating what it would take to stabilize a Spirit of the City here, given all the strange magic, criss-crossing Leylines, and the like. She also asks them to look into what’s going on with the Ghoul community lately- reports of growing hunger, missing persons, and the like.

Given that D had just shared some disturbing intel about all the Ghouls in Aztlan having disappeared (at least visibly) from the population there, the team feels this is worth looking into, especially given their history and team knowledge of various Ghoul/HMHVV/Horror/Taco Temple connections. She also passes along two encrypted messages for them, 1 is from Frosty Jane, reminding them that Celedyr lives nearby in Wales, and they have a quest to retrieve the Jewel of Memory to free Harlequin and reunite him with Gwynplaine at the Seelie Court. The second message is from one Lucia Quipp, thanking them for their last job and promising to put the intel to good use once it is analyzed. She also tips them off that they now have a GC friend inside Horizon, which is in some ways good news but they also find quite disturbing, given the team’s history there (especially recently, via Heat).

Upon exiting Agatha’s they also get a message from Explorer Primary 5, asking for assistance in translating the Disian language that the team had brought back some samples of from their mission to Dis with EP 7. There seems to be a magical component or something that the Null have been unable to crack, so if the team knows or encounters anyone working in it, they would appreciate the intro. Hunch announces he is going to split off for a few days (they have a little time before the official Tour start here), to seek out Ersatz, the Refugee, in furtherance of this request, as well as having some personal goals there. He makes contact with GC, travels to Moscow, and is smuggled north from there, losing contact with the team for some days.

The rest of the team decides to link up with Murdoch and take him up on his offer of a tour of the magical sites of the Kingdom, taking a brief diversion to the CTRL Salt Delete first so Bug can practice his new grapple hand around the port facilities (heavily automated so should be safe), and Breeze and Ruxpin can go clubbing. They choose the London branch of Dante’s Inferno as their destination, and Ruxpin stops to buy some glasses en route. He stumbles into some walls and furniture after putting them on, and the team realizes he is actually running the TacNet, seemingly attempting to become acclimated. This version of Dante’s ascends instead of descending, taking up the top 9 floors of the Gherkin building, an infamous feature of the Downtown skyline. They only make it 3-4 floors in before finding their progress blocked, lacking the connections and/or social skills to ascend further.

They have heard that a popular Tour feature is the “Dante’s Run”- using the earlier London opening time and the later Paris closing time, as well as the high speed Chunnel train (or a PJ) between, to hit both clubs in the same evening. Maybe another time. For now, they rest, with Agatha having set aside a suite of 2 rooms at her place for their use, in addition to the CSD. The next day, they link up with Murdoch, and receive a briefing on a various magical destination options that he seems to have pre-written and be nervously stammering through while reading from an AR projection. Breeze is quite bored and wanders off to find some OJ (a rare non-milk choice), immediately intercepted by liveried servants and guided through the palace to a kitchen. There, he is served the beverage, but also accosted by a strange masked individual.

This figure seems to work for the XD (the Excalibur Division), the terrorist, magical threats, threats to Queen and Country, etc- fighting force, newly established after the New Druidic Movement’s May Day Massacre in the mid-2070’s. This lead to the banning of the NDM and it being labeled a terror group, and this newly established, well-armed and equipped fighting force, loyal (sometimes fanatically) solely to Queen Caroline. This obviously presents some issues, but she remains quite popular (as Hunch and Breeze’s conspiracy research revealed, though speculation as to who the father of her infant child is runs rampant). The XD was also the origin of ARES’ disastrous Excalibur weapons program and all that followed, precipitating a major fall from grace for ARES in the UK, including many lost KE contracts.

This Keeper seems to be feeling Breeze out about himself and the team’s goals and intents, since they seem to be worming their way into the Queen’s orbit, and the Keeper makes clear that now threat to the realm will be tolerated. Breeze assures him that although they are indeed not merely Tour attendees, they have no interest in destabilizing the UK, and don’t intend to tread on any royal toes. Leaving as silently as they arrived, the Keeper seems to consider their threat and message to have been adequately delivered, and Breeze decides to stop telling everyone he meets that he once held Excalibur (when they were on the demi-plane of Avalon, leaving Dis). He also determines it would be a good idea not to muse out loud about whether this puts him in the line of succession….

The rest of the team, in the presentation, is a little bored and overwhelmed, but by the team Breeze returns with a second OJ for Murdoch, they decide to go to the Welsh Wild Lands preserve, and pay a visit to their new friend Duchess Rhiannon Glendower of Snowdonia, and leverage the job they did for her into a meeting with Celedyr. Her homebase, Harlech Castle, is near the Wild Lands, so it seems an easy diversion to arrange. They decide to take the blimp over once their team has regathered, and with them plus Murdoch and Donatien, have room also for one more. They decide to leave a seat open for now in case any interesting opportunities present themselves. After leaving the palace, they get a message from Roxie-he’s calling in his favor from Bug for the custom arm, and wants the team to deliver invites to the upcoming reopening gala of his manor house, Witanhurst, in honor of his forthcoming knighting.

Specifically, he wants them to deliver one invitation directly to Ding Ramos’ pillow, aboard his well-defended super-yacht, the Eternidad, and thinks Bug and the team are up to the task, though he leaves it to Bug’s discretion whether to involve the others. The rest of the invitations can merely be passed out to their recipients during regular Tour biz. This seems like a challenge, but hopefully a fun one, and the team is glad they kept the sea sled from Lisbon, as being able to stealthily navigate London’s murky waterways may prove critical.

Meanwhile, Hunch finally takes off his blindfold to find himself being ushered into a snow-packed yurt, in what looks like the Yakut, a separatist Shapeshifter nation north of Russia. A buff and bluff merc named Marko brings him inside, where he finds Ersatz waiting, along with a few others- Rikki Nguyen, from EVO/NYC, and Heat! Heat has changed his look a bit, and they explain that they have been getting some updates from him on his encounters with PSYCHE while composing and performing music on the run. He leaves before long, to be smuggled off to his next safehouse, and the rest of them get down to business. Hunch explains that he wishes to learn the ways of the Analytical Path from Ersatz, and is down to exchange PSYCHE info and also some Null stuff for that.

They agree, and Hunch shares some intel, agreeing also to make a connection with EP 5 to this group. Hunch also gets added to their PSYCHE discussion group on Jackpoint (finally a member!) , and finds a pretty interesting collection of individuals assembled there. Both Heat and 5 only have partial access, and are kept cordoned off from one another, due to Heat’s animosity towards the Null (and status as international matrix terrorist, presumably). The Null having limited access is fairly self-explanatory. Ersatz also shares some intel about what they had worked on for the Disians. They were a member of a client species, one of many that has ended up living in the chaotic, sprawling plane of Dis over the millenia, and been trained/put to use by the “true” Disians, who consider all besides themselves to be “lesser beings”.

They had Ersatz scouting out different planes with absent, weak, or fading mana, and taking various measurements there, including checking on something that Ersatz refers to as “planar harmonics”, seemingly local attunements of the manasphere that are unique to each plane. They assume that this was something to do with the void that is slowly consuming Dis- they are either looking to understand it, or looking for somewhere to migrate to if they can’t halt it’s progress, possibly. That said, Ersatz is also clear the the true Disians were very secretive, keeping their agenda hidden, revealing only what was needed, and never teaching any outsiders their language. They seem to consider translating it an interesting challenge, and are excited to work with the Null on that task, not viewing themself as at a special risk from the Null, given that their abilities, tough similar to a TM, do not actually make use of Resonance energy.

Marko turns out to be a merc indeed, with the Hellcats company, as well as an ambassador for the Yakut, and Rikki seems to be there as an envoy from EVO to the Shapeshifter cause, alongside his membership/interest in the discussion group. They eventually run out of useful intel to exchange, and spend the next day doing a ritual initiation, to get Hunch stated on the Analytical Path, hacking via magic. With his new powers learnt but untested, Hunch gets smuggled back to Moscow, and flies commercially back to London, where he rejoins the team alongside Dr. D, and they prepare themselves for an over-researched tour of Welsh magic from Murdoch, the most lively they’ve yet seen him.