Creeped Out By Blood Babies
... and the assorted implications therein
10 MAY/26
Runners
Ruxpin
Bug
Breeze
Tenure
Hunch
Dr. D

The team coaches Mx. 7 on their courtly presentation and come up with a solid plan, which partially involves 7 lowering their audio output volume as they seem unable or unwilling to modulate their excited tone. They head to the Morning Hearing, and are less than thrilled when 7 comments on the Shadow Tourmaline, which seems to be trying to warn against an alliance with the Null, which 7 bluntly states out loud. The team also notice that some of their number are coming to unwelcome attention as well, as they realize that they are depicted in the Great Hall’s tapestries and mosaics, having a doofus bear fight. They also hear Serrin Sol say, pointedly, that a TRUE warrior seeks to improve themselves, not merely prove themselves. Hunch gets the feeling this was meant to get their attention, and might be an invitation, subtly, to further interaction. The Steward is still mysteriously absent.

Petitions begin: Duke Flowerpot, recently freed from his tenure as Jester, delivers a very flowery speech that the team has to spend some time interpreting. Ultimately, it seems he is suggesting that Higher Power’s deep pockets imply a singularly wealthy backer, suggesting that is likely a dragon, which would be a huge controversy at Court, where dragons are not welcome. Next, Threshold is seeking information and control of portals and crossings, worried/interested in Kadath and other crossroads. They seem to be feeling out ARES via their rep here Candace Phillips, since ARES could be a major friend or foe to their cause. After that, High Priestess seeks info on the secretive Karma faction, but also uses their petition to poke at Threshold for their secretive, robed and hooded nature as well.

Some Zhigul Makers request people bring them samples of True Elements for some unspecified project. Lastly, Mx. 7 approaches, and with perfect memory delivers the team’s carefully engineered speech. They also give the Queen their present, carefully revealing it to the Court to be the “Empress” (aka ASB) card from the Disian version of the Tarot. The Queen is thrilled and delighted, and seems enthralled by the card. Technomagicians and Eclipse support, Hermit, Dragon, and Higher Power oppose, the Emissary seems displeased, but the Queen quickly grants permission for the Null rep to remain to and to assist in cleaning up the Geocache, and then calls an end to the session, seemingly wanting to study the card further. As they team exits, Tenure carefully sends a message to Sol to set up a meeting, and The Detective approaches them to pass along the terms.

They head to the Sigil Room, which seems to be setting up for an evening Regency Banquet, and find that Sol has dismissed the servants and secured a small private room for them off the side. He seems to be aware, to some degree, that they’ve been asking around about him, and warns them against playing Vyperalyn’s dangerous games, and also tries to suss out if they are a threat to the Queen and the stability of her rule. As they believe freeing Harly will mostly destabilize Alachia, they try to be as truthful as they are able. Sol seems to take a dislike to D, possibly seeing alchemists as only a small step up from poisoners. With all that out of the way, he brings up what seems to be the true reason he wanted this meeting- he has noticed that the team and their allies seem to come into possession of both a significant number of Tarot cards, and knowledge of their use etc.

He wishes to utilize these traits to his advantage, offering to involve them in the Cartomancy/Echoes of Divination, via their upcoming event, the Blue Moon Gala. Breeze is excited to hear where in the Castle this will take place, and immensely disappointed to find that the answer is that they will transit via portal to Sacramento. They decide to debate whether or not to actually do this, but for now thank Sol for the invitation and plan to try to stay off his radar. They decide they better get moving on some of their tasks to stop getting sucked into more and more drama without end, and to that end, they arrange to meet Thisbe Sorrel, contacting Niall O’Connor via slow Noosphere message to do so, which Hunch is excited find is even a possibility. They also arrange for Niall to assist them with their exfil after they perform the Harly rescue, as they will presumably be persona non-grata at Court afterwards for some time.

In exchange, they agree to seek out some anti-Tir rebels while they travel the UK on the Grand Tour, and get Niall in touch with them, for reasons he doesn’t specify. They make their way to Thisbe’s mansion, and are toyed with and mocked for a bit by her aide de camp, Walks-In-Tall-Grass, some sort of Free Kindred spirit. Thisbe eventually ushers them in, where they find a number of her children, growing quickly, some recognizable as being the spawn of past team-mates, including a hard to keep in mind toddler they think must have come partially from Creep. Hunch spots a set of strange blocks in the corner that seem able to rearrange the house using representative segments, which seems a bit similar to the Cornerstone. He also, more upsettingly, see that she seems to be using some kind of binding box to keep a Blood Shade contained inside, presumably Aylin’s mom’s former tormentor, and that this box is being used as her coffee table.

Various other people come through the room, offering beverages and the like, all of whom seem to be Thisbe’s children of a variety of ages, before they notice she has entered, initially mistaking her for another teen until they see the ancient stare she casts over them, and hear her speaking in a wide variety of tongues, often having to circle back to find a language the team knows in order to convey an idea. They reaffirm her involvement in their ploy to free Harly, and she asks for nothing other than for them to pass over the Jewel of Memory, which they reluctantly do, after Bug steps into the washroom to remove it from his leg, not wanting to reveal ALL of their secrets at once. The team gets weirded out that multiple past members have procreated with this strange ancient woman, especially given her incongruously youthful appearance, even through the experience itself seems often to have been rather onanistic.

They decide to keep firming up the plan, and leave, promising to tell Thisbe when and where the ritual will occur with a little advance warning, and wonder what she will get up to with the JoM in the meantime, hoping it’s nothing that will get them in trouble. Hunch once again uses slow Noosphere messaging to contact Mx. 7, and they head to Geocache to link up. There they find Warden Banleigh Swale overseeing some of his fellow gardeners taking down the embroidered caution tape and warning signs, as inside, Samantha Roth looks on while 7 carefully organizes the vines spewing forth from the Fuchi/NeoNET node, shoving some back inside, and wrapping others in a more decorative fashion. Roth still has a faraway look, and the team thinks she may have been sampling some of the strange Foundation abilities available here a little too much.

However, she has disturbing recent news from Earth- there was a semi-successful hit on a meeting of the Ghost Council, the Ghost Cartels’ equivalent of the Mafia Alta Comisione. With numerous important cartel personnel dead or injured, and the PR being actively manipulated, tons of infighting has broken out, though it seems like noone has yet gone after AZT, the most likely true culprit. The White Vory have also returned, and seem to be engaged in shadowy maneuvers against the Reds, who have dominated the global syndicate scene of late. Alongside the missing Ghouls, Asamando’s food supply drying up, the Hunger getting worst, SWTBTR at Court, seers and forecasters being killed, etc, it seems like things are heading in mostly bad and stressful directions of late. Regardless, Roth is happy with the team’s work, and offers to show them how to set up the Noosphere TacNet once they have the appropriate gear and abilities.

They also make a deal with 7 to help with the Pa coin hack of Alachia’s network to free Harly, which 7 happily agrees to without asking many questions, though as they intend to remain at Court for some time, they ask for info on the targets ahead of time to set up the hack subtly, and request that the team leave them out of it. They suggest they also likely shouldn’t meet again for a while to not attract suspicion in the aftermath. With that done, they just have to select a location for the ritual, and then tell everyone “go” at some point. After some debate, they decide the Labyrinth is probably the best option, as D thinks he will be able to navigate it, using some of his plant knowledge. D also heads off with Niall to initiate and learn the metamagic to analyze Faustian auras without the level of thorough study it required the team to even start to figure out what was going on with PPJ, which they are frequently reminded of by the mana photo in their Suite.

The rest of the team decide to keep pushing with the Husk/Hungry Void investigation for TD, and they trade the remainder of their Serrin Sol intel to Vyperalyn (perhaps choosing a side there) in order to gain tickets to the Regency Banquet they saw being set up in the Sigil Room earlier. They only manage to get 2, so Hunch and Tenure attend together, and carefully examine the Mana Wells that are becoming increasingly common in the retinues of the rich and powerful here. These former Husks seem much better fed and maintained than the corpse they studied, implying that they at least can be fed, though they may not bother on their own. The more disturbing news comes when they perform a lengthy assensing over the course of the dinner, and find that only half or less of the Mana Wells present are former Husks.

The rest seem to be the result of some form of sacrifice magic, and after spending some time pondering it, it doesn’t quite match right with what Tenure knows of the form, and he thinks this particular flavor may be Disian in origin. An upsetting thought to dig further into. They decide that the team ought to head next to the City of Amphibolite, planning a trip there for the next day, and hoping not to be away long. Meanwhile, Ruxpin and Bug have headed down to Gilik’s for an Ember Banquet, where Ruxpin does his usual tactic of overly straight-forward negotiation, throwing everyone off, and manages to get the team’s Shadow Cloaks upgraded in addition to getting a decent number of blank Pa coins to use for their TacNet (and extras to bring others in as needed), in exchange for the lone remaining sample of True element that the team possessed.

D, returned from initiating, and Breeze both head to different libraries to do some research. D looks into Spider planes and Grandmother, and finds that Grandmother is Horrortouched (corrupted) Passion, kind of the “ur-Spider” before her corruption in the previous age of magic. He reads up on her mutational abilities, as well as finding some rumors of hidden temples devoted to her worship and the breeding of the primal spiders (mostly Black Widows, as their milk is the most potent) that are required to maintain the mutated hybrid forms of her flock. Also, as she is the progenitor of all other Spider Mentors, her call (similar to the “Whispers” that attracts Shamans to the various Insect Mentors) are likely to be very tempting to both nascent and existing followers of any form of Spider. Meth’s cursed trickery may have a great cost yet!

Breeze also uncovers some big revelations, looking into the origins of dragonkind. Though he doesn’t find the specific stories of their origin, or if they came originally from Earth or elsewhere, he does discover that as “Namegivers” they appear to be responsible for the creation of the Immortals of the various “young races” – Elves, Humans, Dwarves, etc. It is unclear if this a merely magical effect, or if involves literal inter-breeding or what. Great Dragons also seem to possess a rare ability known as Mindspeech, which seems to confer the ability to grant sentience to intelligent life forms, and which is now also though to have the potential to cause potential TM’s to Emerge, based on the latest from Denver, though this may require knowledge from the Silver Books. But this does seem to back up GW’s claims, via his cult, to be able to “make” TM’s. Wild times.

Reconvened for the evening, the team prepares to rest and then venture forth the next day to Amphibolite.