Du Hast Blimp
Red String Diaries
23 FEB 2026
Runners
Ruxpin
Bug
Breeze
Tenure
Hunch
Dr. D

The team arrives in Berlin late at night, and even absent hard borders is able to make out the distinct districts from above. Deciding to visit the city as runners rather than Tour attendees, they drop off Anya, Giovanna and Layla, to go clubbing, and then set the blimp on SkyGuide autopilot, as Breeze ethically refuses to pay rent for it, and the team van is incoming under it’s own autopilot/GridGuide. They debate buying a ratcar, the local scrap built Zone conveyances, but abandon the plan when they remember none of them are good drivers. They decide to reach out to their relevant local contacts to get some JYNX-wear: counter-surveillance gear that can double as a fashion statement, when in the corpo Sectors.

They contact Ecotope, and get the briefing on the big Grey Cell job in town- raiding an MCT Zero Zone outside the city. Tenure negotiates pay, not his strong suit but someone has to, and they start scheming how to do the job. Ecotope’s one request is to try to achieve their results with as little damage to the surrounding nature as possible. It looks like a tough one, and isn’t on a hard timeline, so they decide to knock out some other Berlin jobs first in order to make some local allies and connections, to assist. They call up SimEON, who tips them off to an ongoing multiple murder mystery with his group, the Walking People.

They agree to look into it, and he arranges for the WP to send them some JYNX gear, to pick up in the literally underground black market in the cellar of the Domhotel where they have chosen to post up, in Kreuzhain. They variously spend some time learning German and Kiezspeak, the local slang argot to bypass surveillance. They also call Invite Mystere, and get briefed on another work opportunity: looking into some weird local BTL chips called Shaders that have some signs of being made by some sort of Ai/Ei, based on their near-UV node level of fidelity. They pick up their gear, and call it a night, after spending some time debating the sleeping arrangements.

They call up Cara Villiers in the morning, tipped by IM that she has some overlapping work with the Shaders investigation that can help get the team paid. She explains that she has recently learned from an info broker that a former secret Fuchi facility may be accessible underneath a factory in Marzahn. She believes this may contain some useful pre-Crash servers with valuable old data on them. Unfortunately, the area it is in is in the middle of a Vory factional internal succession dispute, plus a surrounding gang war, and the specific complex is run and secured by a fascist group, the NFA, that has the official security contract for the neighborhood, with the sunny name of Hell Village.

They decide to start off there- two birds, one stone. With their research on Shaders, they hear that the gang that was making them was recently wiped out, with their operation seized by the NFA in Marzahn, and by the Horde (an Ork and Troll syndicate) in Gropiusstadt. The Horde has been expanding in town while the Vory is in disarray, which seems to be stressing out some locals who preferred previous balances of power. Regardless, they decide the Horde can wait for a later stage of the investigation. They head out, but quickly get distracted by the bizarre architecture of the Autonomous University nearby as they look for breakfast. The Uni seems to be a popular tourist spot given it’s mix of the Escher-y and the cyclopean, and definitely catches the eye.

They find food, and also briefly engage in some conversation in a cafe named Onestone that seems dedicated to servicing the intelligentsia. Breeze gets shouted down for not being able to back up his boldly stated claim, whereas Tenure has more luck with his academic background in couching his statement in enough roundabout language to be acceptable. D alienates some people but does impress them when he shares one his drug formulae. Ruxpin hangs back and looks for the one stone the place must be named after, unsuccessfully. They then all decide to enroll in a “101 counter-surveillance” day-long seminar at the Uni, which seems free and open to anyone, as advertised. Tenure is a little confused and also impressed with this alternate institutional model, as it reminds him of what things were like during the peak of the Lockdown, the experience that ultimately turned him into a runner.

They garner some knowledge, and Ruxpin also brushes up on some social skills, figuring out how to leverage his strength and size for intimidation, a useful ability in some parts of Berlin. They decide to do their investigating in the evening, and hire an armored cab driven by a human woman named Zoë, who also hires on an additional friend, Sultan, an Ork biker and chain fighter, since there are so many on the team. Ruxpin hops on the back of the bike with his rifle, and the rest of the crew gets in the cab, and they convoy to Marzahn. Warned about the local fascist and skinhead scene (hooligans of all political affiliations, but they advertise their allegiance heavily), the team easily locates some right-wing dealers loyal to the NFA, and Breeze (disguised as a local human) buys some Shaders from them, in case they need them for the investigation.

Ruxpin volunteers to take them once he realizes that he just need some gear items, but they hold off for now. They do a surveillance pass on the NFA factory complex, which includes a watchtower, a drug and simple weapons manufacturing facility, some kind of smaller dilapidated storage building, an armory and bunkhouse, and a debris fence/wall made of rubble and burnt cars. A few of the team members slip off the bike and out of the car into the local shadows, most using VoidBlack cloaks to blend in, while Hunch launches his lone FlySpy and D stays in the cab to assense- the local area is heavily toxic, but luckily none of the toxies are currently paying attention to the team, and it looks like the NFA defenses are magic-free. Hunch also confirms that they are all matrix-off as well, which would line up with if they have a captive Ai/Ei of some sort that they are using to make the Shaders.

Since they are only dealing with physical security, they decide to sneak in and take a look around. Hunch has spotted some people coming and going from the small storage shed, and a few of them returning injured. Breeze and Bug sneak in, slipping over the debris wall unnoticed. They sneak over the shed and roll under the security gate when Hunch tells them they are clear for a moment. They find a hatch, with a ladder leading down, with some cleared debris around it. There also looks to have been some sort of explosive trap on the hatch and whoever opened looks to have injured themself in the process. Bug descends, and finds a humming, hot and humid room, with cracked and leaking walls, some decayed furniture, and large fans that look to be getting fresh air for the first time in a while. There is some various computer tech, and a dense web of cables complicatedly interwoven and plugged into various sockets all around.

Breeze and Bug swap positions so Breeze can datatap a line while maintaining comms to Hunch, who dives in. Unfortunately, this removes their exterior surveillance, and Bug hears some NFA goons coming back towards the shed. As they start to roll up the door, Bug flicks the monofil whip out under the edge, severing one man at the wrist and ankles and the other at the ankles. They fall to the ground, screaming and geysering blood, and Ruxpin and Tenure decide to get involved as well. Ruxpin scales the debris wall and sets up with his rifle on top, and Tenure approaches the burnt car barricade, slowed a little bit when he almost gets spotted. Ruxpin snipes another NFA goon running over to assist his wounded comrades, as Bug whips out under the door again, slicing the 2 injured men on the ground into various smaller components, to everyone’s horror.

Meanwhile, Hunch has found himself in a hyper-real somewhat cartoon-y dreamstate projection of an alternate Berlin, if the Flux State had persisted and thrived. There are various oddities about, including what look like circling dragons in the distance, and a massive woman sitting on a throne on a cloud overlooking it all, who seems to be chained in place. Hunch decides to talk to her, and is psychically pummeled by her responses- she seems quite powerful, whatever she is. As he attempts a conversation of sorts, he tries to suss out what she is and if she is safe to assist. Outside, Breeze has found another hatch, managed to disarm the explosive trap (possibly helped by the fact that it had gotten rather wet over some time), and descended a second ladder into a dense server room, also stiflingly hot.

Here, he finds a large data cable that is conspicuously unplugged from the wall. Following SimEON’s advice to try to help trapped Ai’s if they can, he plugs the cable back in. Aboveground, Ruxpin is trying to keep the NFA goons pinned down as they start swarming to counter-attack, while Tenure tries to distract them with illusions. Bug makes a wild run for it, knowing he’s spotted and hoping that if he can make the wall quickly he can escape. Breeze will have to sneak out on his own later, and he starts carefully ascending the ladders having lost comms to the team when Bug left. In the host, Hunch sees that the chains fall away from the woman, and she stands, shaking them off, and tells Hunch that his team’s service will not be forgotten. She summons some of the distant dragons, and flies off, standing atop their backs. Hunch is a bit over-awed, but also sees the host collapsing as she exits, and decides to get out himself as well.

Whatever Fuchi data was there is long gone now, unless the woman knows it, as Hunch is certain this whole simulation was taking up all (and more, based on the heat and fan noise) of the outdated system’s capacity. So they may need to disappoint Cara Villiers, but they definitely found out something! Preparing to extract their team, D gets the cab and moto rolling back to effect a pickup, while the team gets ready to drop some more fascists on their way out.