The Collation of the Willing
Escape the fascists! Defend the Kiez!
03 MAR 2026
Runners
Bug
Breeze
Tenure
Hunch
Dr. D

The team continues trying to get themselves out of a sticky situation, with Ruxpin and Bug taking some hits before they manage to get clear of the factory’s defensive wall, with Ruxpin dropping a few more NFA members, and Tenure making good use of distracting spellcraft. Hunch provides critical defensive assistance via overwatch through the FlySpy and advanced threat analysis. As D and Hunch approach in Zoe’s armored cab, Sultan splits off on his bike to pick up Breeze, who managed to sneak over the wall unobserved, with the NFA all watching Bug run. D lobs a couple smoke grenades for cover as the cab squeals to a stop outside, and Tenure takes a hit as well as they retreat. The team sees the skinhead gangs all massing on nearby corners to come to the NFA facility’s defense, and decide they better move.

Tenure detects some magical illusory source approaching rapidly, and Hunch gets a message from an unknown TM using a techfish in a bowl icon, offering assistance. They accept, and a tuned up sedan bowls through the skins ahead, with and Ork and Troll suppressive firing from the passenger rear windows, while a Gnome in the front seat maintains confusing illusions and a slick human man drives. Zoe, spotting the driver, identifies him as “Gentle”, and seems unimpressed with his flash style. However, the other runners make a hole, and Zoe is quick to follow them through it, after Gentle pulls an impressive bootlegger’s turn, never letting off the speed.

The TM, who goes by DMG, tells them to call Blitz ASAP, but says that they were glad to be called in to assist, since the team appears to have done Blitz a favor, though they don’t seem to know what. Doing some quick research on Blitz, Hunch determines that he is a decker and runner from the 50’s who has mostly transitioned to fixing these days. D also knows the name from back then, though they were never close. Blitz also works for the Colcha Collective, an autonomous group that maintains and improves the Berlin cable matrix, an increasingly popular backup/alt to the common wireless matrix, especially post-Blackouts.

Meanwhile, Sultan tells Breeze to hold on tight and get ready to fight, and they manage to fight their way through another crowd of skins, racing at top speed on the heavy bike. The team all joins back up, and heads back to the Domhotel in Kreuzhain. They call Blitz and arrange to meet the next morning after he thanks them for their services and gets a little intel on what all went down. They also report in to SimEON and Invite Mystere, though they hold off on calling Cara Villiers, still hoping they can track down some of the intel she sought from whatever entity they just set loose in the cable matrix. Blitz seems happy about the outcome at least, and tells them that they have friends in the Colchists, now.

They rest, and awaken the next morning to the sad news that Otters is confirmed KIA, with her body finally recovered from a crushed rigger cocoon. Aradia is MIA, possibly sucked through a portal to who knows where that the Faustean Nadja fixer, Valeria, attempted to use to escape. Both Valeria and the other Faustean, Rex Coll, are confirmed dead, however, so the mission was a success, if a bit pyrrhic, based Grey Cell’s lengthy casualty list. The team does some research, and determines that their Shader investigation is complete- the Horde seems to have a limited supply and be upping the price, so it looks like the NFA had ended up in charge of the sole point of manufacture, which the team has disrupted. They get paid by IM, who authorizes them to share more intel with SimEON and Blitz so long as they also keep IM appraised of further developments.

Everyone takes money, except Breeze, who secures an invite to the dangerous Shrapnel bar in Kopenick, the Communist district, which is surrounded by a literal minefield, with the safe path markers removed before unwelcome attendees exit. Tenure had to talk Breeze down from seeking a “deadly” experience to merely a “dangerous” one, since both seem available in the sprawl. The team then meets up with a bleary Blitz, who seems to have been up late partying. They meet at Cafe Cezve, a Turkish spot run by an info broker/fixer named Cashmere, who also seems to run a network of street kids as informants. An Elf cybersurgeon is smoking and drinking coffee down a side alley out front of his clinic. Blitz sobers up quickly with a few shots of espresso and they get down to biz.

Some members of the Colcha Collective have also turned up mysteriously dead recently, and Blitz is disturbed to hear that the pattern extends to the Walking People as well. The team agrees to dig further, and Blitz says he will enquire with the entity they free re: the missing Fuchi data. He also tells the team that it is likely related to bioweapons, based on the intel he heard, and that other corps may also be seeking it, since whoever sold the info to Cara wasn’t very discrete. After confirming that they can trust each other, recognizing D, and exchanging warning about the Null Sect, Blitz reveals that the entity they free is a pre-Crash AI known as APEX, which he befriended decades ago, and has helped keep secret in the cable matrix ever since.

Given his descriptions of APEX’ desire to remake the Flux State and drive the corpo’s back, the team gets a little worried what she might do with bioweapon data. But for now, useful allies, though Blitz says she is holed up somewhere safe for now, recovering from her captivity. He says the Colchists had made various secure nodes, with trapped entrances and the like, to allow her to base out of different places, but that with all the Vory and gang chaos, they often loose access to some of them, and had been worried about APEX’s lack of communication of late. The Shaders must have gained access, cut her off, and then manipulated her worsening mental state to generate the strange dream imagery of their BTL’s. The NFA doesn’t seem to have realized until recently what they had below their factory, and were just keeping production going. The team’s intervention will likely destabilize their power base a bit, though they also manufacture enough other drugs and weapons there to maintain to some degree.

They part ways for now, and start digging into the mysterious deaths. After looking through them from various angles, and with additional info and footage from Blitz, they start to notice a pattern, or sort of a lack of one. It appears that some killer is working their way down a list of “plausible ways people could die in Berlin and have it appear accidental/random”, only doing each one once, and only doing one every 1-7 days. So it looks like someone with access to a lot of intel and resources, but not a lot of wetwork experience- so probably not a trained assassin. Also, given the formulaic lack of creativity, they begin to wonder if this could be the work of KASSANDRA or her backers- it bears some resemblance to the killings of the traitorous oligarchs and nobles in France that ANGEUS has been executing, but lacks the independence evidenced there.

Further convinced the more they dig, they confer with SimEON and Blitz on a conference call, and both hackers agree that this would make sense- the corp’s are pushing to get KASSANDRA up and running in Berlin, as a prelude to a wider launch but have maybe learned some lessons from the occasional oddness with MARIANNE and are keeping KASSANDRA on a tighter leash. But clearing out the competitors to KASSANDRA dominance (the Colchists and their cable matrix), and the people who would seek her freedom (the Walking People) certainly fits the metric. With this, the 2 hackers ask the team if they would help make sure APEX is secure while she finishes healing, as she is currently at a major Colchist stronghold, Caligarikiez in the district of Pankow.

The team agrees, feeling that this is a great chance to make some much needed allies to assist with their MCT Zero Zone run for Grey Cell, which is otherwise next on their lists. They get assurances of assistance from both hackers, and Blitz also promises the a chat with APEX after they defend the Kiez. The team links up with the van, which has arrived with the rest of their illicit gear hidden inside, and relocate from the Domhotel to rooms at Caligarikiez, with Hunch also securing private lodging for himself elsewhere, getting a little under the stairs cupboard room at a boarding house sized for non-human metatypes, Little Kings in Hellersdorf.

As they arrive, they get word that they are just in time, as corporate and gang/syndicate forces are massing in and near the district of Pankow, and the Colchists are worried that they are preparing to assault the Kiez, likely trying to strike a fatal blow against APEX before she can heal enough to provide a real challenge to KASSANDRA. They ask the team to help starting to fortify and set defenses, and invite anyone skilled in the matrix to join them in defending APEX there. The team ready themselves, deciding to stick with their friendly strategy of negotiating afterwards, rather than holding their new allies over a barrel.