Burger and Fries
Zero Zone Escape and Off To London
22 MAR 2026
Runners
Ruxpin
Bug
Breeze
Tenure
Hunch
Dr. D

The team begins attempting to exfil once APEX announces that both hacks are in progress. Breeze slips out the door he came in, carefully depressing the crash bar and cracking it open without anyone noticing, leaving the data tap behind, and hoping it remains undetected. Seeing that a proper firefight has broken out outside, he decides to crawl out through the minefield, along the path that D had blasted in, while checking with his scanner along the way. Tenure and D continue to fight their Chimera nearby, with Tenure taking a nasty slashing blow before grabbing the Chimera and holding it in place while D grenades them both with a High-Ex.

Luckily, Tenure’s armor is good enough to soak the damage, though he is still quite injured, and the Chimera was wounded enough by Tenure’s magical ax blows that the grenade finishes it off. High on life, Tenure is shouting wildly over the commlink about the power of magic and cyber when mingled together. Bug attempts to escape the Steel Lynx’s in pursuit, dashing back outside from the motor pool, dodging and weaving. He turns his wireless back on, which luckily allows Hunch to help him avoid incoming attacks, but still takes some bad hits and goes down, with multiple Steel Lynx and Rotodrones converging.

Bug luckily got a warning message out to D and Tenure that the rest of the Steel Lynx’s have their range and position now and are sending a grenade salvo, so those two hoof it back towards the van, not seeing any way to help Bug from where they are, and with more Rotodrones deploying in their direction as well. Hunch refocuses his efforts on getting Artur Karolina to pilot the VTOL safely in to grab Bug, which he does manage, but gets spotted doing so of course, since he has to swoop down and scoop up the unconscious runner. Doing some fancy flying, he manages to only get past the Steel Lynx without taking any hits, but gets tagged thrice, disastrously, by some of the dozen Rotodrones he has to bypass.

With a final effort, he manages to skip the crashing VTOL over the top of the fence, sending it crashing into the woods beyond at high speed, before getting dumped. He seems to have taken quite a lot of biofeedback damage between the injuries and the crash, but is still conscious at least. Hunch scrambles down from his tree to try to go rescue Bug. Breeze creeps crawling through the minefield towards the fence, unnoticed for now. Ruxpin, having reached the bottom of the flaming tower, is debating swapping to bear form and armor when the other Chimera burst from the jungle and slams into him. He takes a bad hit while trying to counter-attack, but stays on his feet.

D and Tenure continue heading that way until they spot a manifested astrally projecting mage above them signalling their location. D starts popping thermal smoke as they run to cover their route, as they dodge more incoming grenade salvos until they get out of range, though they can hear the distant buzz of pursuing Rotodrones. Hunch reaches Bug and, high on Kamikaze, goes for the quick option and yanks him free from the burning drone wreckage, also having heard Rotodrones on the way. Bug is missing a hand and leg, and has some bad torso injuries as well, so Hunch throws him over his shoulders and dashes back into the woods and ruins, hoping to lose the pursuing drones and get to a medic in time.

Ruxpin, on the defensive, blocks a few following strikes, but is then downed by another hefty blow from the Chimera, and briefly flatlines before his auto-injector activates and stabilizes him. However, D is worried about potential brain damage from some of the warnings on the TacNet. The team closes in on the van’s position, and D calls on them to pause, launching a grenade at the Chimera using van sensors, unfortunately going wide in an effort not to catch Ruxpin in the blast. The Chimera has ripped open one of the van doors, and seems to have ripped into Artur Karolina’s rigger pod and torn him apart- they are no longer even getting a signal from him on the TacNet.

Tenure, not seeing other options, rushes in with the axe and manages to get one more mighty blow in on this Chimera, holding on and keeping it close again as D chucks in a Neurostun grenade. With his armor destroyed, the ChemSeal doesn’t protect him, so both the Chimera and Tenure go down, but luckily only with stun damage, and the team takes the opportunity to finish off the Chimera and start loading their other injured teammates into the van while D does what he can for them. Breeze arrives last, gets a good kick in on the Chimera, and hops in the driver seat, setting the van to auto-pilot them away, back along the route Karolina had mapped ahead of time.

After they get a little ways out, they realize they don’t have the right contacts in town for driving around with a body, and are worried about potentially being tracked given that Karolina was once an MCT employee, if he somehow got ID’ed during the run. So they dump his shredded remains, inside of the busted cocoon, in some of the wooded ruins of Bernau, and chuck some grenades in as they leave to destroy the evidence. Not the most traditional burial, but it works. They head back to town, and an injured APEX contacts them to pass along the data packet as promised, saying that the defenses inside the corp were stranger and stronger than expected once activated, though it doesn’t sound like either another Ai or like the Null.

With data in hand, they call Ecotope and pass it along after taking a quick look. They can’t make much sense of it other than it seems to be an expansion and enhancement of the Denver mana-exchange devices that they had seen MCT testing there. Ecotope passes along payment, splitting Karolina’s share amongst them as he didn’t have any next of kin listed. Breeze commiserates about the loss of the Grey Cell rigger, saying that they also lost an expensive drone, until the team, a bit horrified, shuts him up. Ecoptope reminds them to get back to the Tour and make more connections with Roxie, in order to hopefully leverage his re-embodiment technique to turn a mole inside SK to Grey Cell’s use.

The team then head to Ezkibel’s Triage Cyberclinic in Moritzplatz, in Kreuzhain, to get everyone stabilized and ready to move. Both Bug and Ruxpin decide to wait for a more trusted surgeon to do some cyber work for them, but this guy is good and well-regarded enough for the essential repairs. Staying between 2-4 days, the team recovers, while Breeze helps patch up Caligarikiez some more post-assault, and Hunch does some research on Stockhausen, who has finally reached out to set a meeting. Once everyone is recovered, they take the train as far South as it goes in the metro, where they are picked up by Stockhausen’s majordomo, Harkon Abraham, a rather cadaverous looking man. A bit concerned, Hunch assenses, and sees that Harkon is some kind of reanimated corpse- an alchemical process somewhat related to both Voudou and Necro Magic.

Still, they are seeking knowledge and not detecting hostile intent, so they get in, and Harkon drives them smoothly further southeast of town into some foothills, where a large 5-towered castle looms. They approach up a long and winding drive, with Harkon, not much of a conversationalist, puts some dramatic music on the car stereo, seemingly on his master’s command. Arriving, they are ushered into a parlor from a balustraded and colonnaded car port, as Harkon pulls the old-model, but well-maintained limo off to a carriage house further down the drive. They find Stockhausen waiting, turned out in a fitted and brocaded formal house-suit, with slightly graying hair and goatee, standing moodily in front of a roaring fire, one hand on his elegantly carved cane.

He turns to greet them to his manor, and invites them back to the dining hall. The team is a little paranoid, and Tenure reports that he can’t get an astral read on the man. But, they see some of the specific foods they had requested laid out for dinner ahead, so they proceed. As they sit, Harkon, reemerges, this time in a cook’s garb, and set and opens various cloches in front of the runners, with the heated portions of their meals revealed, fresh and steaming. D, a little high, quickly regrets not having ordered a second American-style burger and fries, after the first one is quite good. Bug and Hunch share a nicely-spiced veggie curry, Breeze, having asked to be surprised, is given some hearty German peasant fare, and Tenure branches out from shrimp to join Ruxpin in a salmon dinner.

There is also dense rye bread, various cheeses, etc for the table, though Stockhausen himself drinks only wine, and slowly, idly circling the glass in his hand as he sips. Tenure tries to get to business but Breeze interrupts to have a philosophical convo about how the castle and inherited wealth feels like a trap, and true freedom is to be found on a blimp, riding the winds. Although Stockhausen doesn’t seem particularly interested in blimp life, the team thinks Breeze wasn’t wrong about the constraints of family and legacy that Stockhausen feels. From Hunch’s research, they know he has been spending what must be a notable chunk of his inheritance on rehabbing the Black Forest, in concert with the new Republic government there that has replaced the older Troll Kingdom.

This seems to be his attempt to repair some of the historical damage that his family did in the region with their various mining concerns. He has also, more secretly, been a major sponsor of the AGS’ Gargoyle communities, and has been directing funds towards efforts to ensure more widespread recognition of their sapience. Breeze converses with him a bit further along these lines, feeling him out, while Tenure takes a long bathroom break and everyone else finishes eating, with D staring sadly at his empty plate. Upon Tenure’s return (guided by Harkon again, this time in butler outfit), Hunch redirects the convo towards the deceased majordomo.

Stockhausen says that he was forced to take drastic measures, based on Harkon betraying him the last time he had a close encounter with the K-Code. Harkon is both too knowledgeable and too useful for him to let go, hence the current form. He doesn’t apologize for it or make excuses, and the team can see that while he seems to be trying to do some good in the world, he also has a dangerous edge. They get into the reason for their visit, and discuss the K-Code, which Stockhausen does indeed seem to know a lot about. He leads in with the Japanese myth origins of the name, “Kechibi”, a sort of spirit manifestation created either upon a death or while someone is sleeping, depending on the reading and tradition you prefer. He is unclear how relevant this is, but it seems interesting.

He tells them about his search for it, including the various other teams of runners and researchers who have met their end it its pursuit, and describes the form it is transmitted in, now that is has been isolated off the matrix. He also tells them how it is essentially an enhancement of an ancient form of Ai- an incredibly powerful and single-minded predictive model, which when given a set of parameters and a task, will find a way to execute the task with the given parameters- no personality, no ego, but also no moral limits. So while it’s most common use so far has been either predicting or enacting market manipulations, it could also easily be used for political destabilization, PR campaigns, assassination plots etc.

They compare notes on what MARIANNE and KASSANDRA have been up to, and he confirms that it is not totally dissimilar to those corp-controlled limited Ai’s- they are fed a large corpus of data upon which they make decisions, but the K-Code has no behavioral limits beyond success, from what he can tell. So, given the power level, and lack of empathy/personal goals, it could certainly be turned towards apocalyptic purpose by the wrong user. He explains that while he would only use it to quietly further his own goals, while keeping it safe to the best of his ability, he recognizes that he has largely been priced out of the competition for it, and fears what will happen whenever it is full controlled and understood by some corp or nation state.

The team shares their concerns about the attacks on the various forecasting groups in NYC, Lisbon, Dubai, France and elsewhere, and Stockhausen confirms that this is quite worrying, and implies someone may be trying to get a lock on the market. He shares that a man named Tenzo may be key to understanding the K-Code, and that both he, and the code, as best he knows, are both currently in the possession of the Yakuza. He doesn’t know where or which specific branch, but given the Yak’s ties to the J-corps, and especially MCT, he wouldn’t be surprised to find some syndicate or corporate involvement in the attacks on the seers and forecasters. The team arranges to get back in touch if they find anything new, and he offers the same. Breeze asks if they can stay for the night, and Stockhausen has Harkon make some beds in the guest wing.

The whole castle has a well-kept but not updated vibe, that meshes with everything else they have seen. As they wander a bit before bed, they see it it laid out in a pentagon, and Hunch finally assenses Stockhausen, revealing that he is both an alchemist and a vampire. Breeze claims he knew all along- after all, all the signs were there. They decide to still stay the night, not sensing any threats, and sleep well before being driven back to town by Harkon in the morning. Upon arrival, they head from Sprawguerilla contacts that both the Hackbirds and the Last Front have lost members and safehouses since the raid on the Zero Zone, so definitely a good time to leave town. Packing for London, they load heavy armor into the van and set it to autopilot, while most of the team takes the blimp as usual.

They plant to meet their safehouseboat there, where it already has a mooring on one of the many canals and waterway slips available for such purpose, courtesy of the Sea Dragon. Ruxpin and Bug decide to get some surgery en route, and call in favors with Gabby al’Thani to get an introduction to Bozena Nepovima, the skilled and sought-after Zeiss cybersurgeon with the clinic aboard her private jet. As a scene-hopper and Tour hanger-on, she is quite in-demand, but Gabby finds them slots in her schedule, and gets them bumped up to ensure they will get their needs met quickly en route to the next Tour stop. And, somewhere down the line, she’ll call in a favor from them in return, of course.