Fireworks and False Flags
They Shoulda Seen This Coming!
16 FEB 2026
Runners
Ruxpin
Bug
Breeze
Tenure
Hunch
Dr. D

The team is preparing for the exit from Lisbon as the Tour begins moving on, with various smaller destination on the way to the next official stop in Lisbon. The big news is that Gabby will be having her 50th birthday celebration in New Monaco, where she seems to be moving a variety of Spinrad assets, upsetting the locals in Lisbon, who are used to Johnny being at least somewhat based there. With the heavy “in memorium” theme of the final night’s gala and dance at the newly opened Spinrad-Ritz, Gabby seems to be hoping to assuage some of the local annoyance while still establishing her own, new, power base.

The team knows that while others are celebrating birthdays and the the like, they will be headed to Berlin, where they are to investigate another strange matrix entity on behalf of InviteMystere, and also make some local connections and allies. These will surely prove useful once they get on to their second task- a major Grey Cell job, raiding an MCT Zero Zone site, for a combo intel gathering and PR win. This is especially important as they start to hear word of some large scale battles that didn’t go quite to plan for Grey Cell- they finally triggered their traps and ambushes against both Rex Coll at the Draco Foundation and against Valeria, the Faustean Nadja Fixer who was stirring up trouble in Salem.

Both Coll and Valeria turned out to be high-level Fausteans with significant magical potency, unfortunately, and the Grey Cell teams both took heavy casualties, though based on Eliohann and some other heavy hitters being involved, the hope is that they at least succeeded in neutralizing their targets as well. Without word from Aradia or Otters, both of whom were involved in one of the attacks, the team is worried that some of their close former allies may not have survived. So it is all the more important for the team to succeed in Berlin. They have a local contact, Ecotope, and are encouraged to make others on arrival. The city is still a hotbed of radical activity, even post-corpo takeover, so they should have no trouble finding some good options.

For now, they get an offer from Ruiz Ferdiña to protect the evening’s fireworks and drone show from the inevitable interference and sabotage. They briefly debate waiting for other offers, but realize Ruiz has made a clever first move by asking them early, so if they refuse he will know who one of the opps teams is. Given that, and that they want to continue to be able to smoothly operate on the tour, they agree to his terms and start planning their defense, including, excitingly, Hunch borrowing some funds to buy a proper deck. They still hire Kobold for additional matrix backup as needed. They also get a few calls as expected, with some offers for work, either altering or interfering with the evening’s planned show.

The first is from Violetta Quintal, who says there is a Docklands preacher she trusts who wants to insert a message warning against the illusion of transitory wealth. Since the team negotiated a sliding pay scale with Ruiz based on level of success, they decide the easiest option is to go along with this, rather than have Violetta hire some other team to try to sneak it in. This makes the next call also difficult to refuse, as Ding Ramos wants a huge image of his face added to the program as well. They once again accept, figuring it’s easier than fighting off whoever he might hire otherwise. Anya Spinrad calls next, wanting to add a scene of her dancing with her father shortly before his death.

While Ding’s request seemed fully venal, Anya’s seems to have more behind it, so Bug pushes a bit and ponders, realizing that with the specific dance and the use of Johnny, Anya is likely signalling to the people of Lisbon that she will neither forget them or leave them behind, carrying on her father’s legacy there, even as Gabby moves away. This is a savvy political move, and Anya also makes clear this is a test for the team before she hires them for more work. Since Gabby has tasked them with taking on some jobs for Anya throughout the rest of the Tour, they feel like they can’t refuse, so they agree to add this one in as well.

They finally hit their limit when Roxie calls and asks to add a scandalous and embarrassing scene on behalf of an unnamed contact of his. They team refuses him, knowing that this will fully void the success of the job in Ruiz’s terms, but make clear that they hope to work with Roxie again in the future. He says he will likely have much for them to do in London, and doesn’t seem bothered by their refusal- it would have been some good fun, but he wasn’t personally invested in the outcome, though he says his contact will likely be annoyed and seek their result through other means.

The team spreads out at the Castelo where the event will take place, with Ruxpin and Bug clearing some brush and debris to enhance sightlines and deny cover, before setting up in higher points for their sniper nests. Tenure wanders the crowd as it gather, with a powerful Detect Enemies spell activated. D paces the battlements, with some grenades and alchemical preps at the ready. Breeze hangs tight with Pol Gual, the TM hacker and rigger who is running the drone show’s security, and Hunch hard wires all the firework mortarts to prevent remote-hacking, as well as ensuring all the drones are on a LOS Swarm command system instead of full wireless-on. They also use Ruiz’s Tour contacts to add some emergency exit routing to the local AR, given the tight and winding streets and alleys of the historic district.

With their prep as completed as possible, the event begins. It largely goes off without a hitch, though they do interrupt a series of escalating intrusion attempts, chasing off some deckers trying to tap into their hardwires, throwing an infiltrating Face over the battlements, shooting down some stealth parachutists (non-lethally), and interrupting a brewing duel between two royal Elves from Tir na nOg. As the event begins it’s grand finale, they notice that there are explosions coming from elsewhere in the city as well, and start to get some early reports of a rocket attack on the IMA HQ a few districts westwards. With IMA guards opening fire on protesting merc’s in response, and explosions starting to go off in other parts of the city as well, the team signals Ruiz to start evac-ing the crowd while they slow roll the rest of the finale to try to cover up the more distant explosions a bit.

Deciding it’s time to leave, and with an official announcement from the Tour to that effect as well, the team starts shuttling up to the blimp via VTOL, and offers up the last 3 seats to some various Tour contacts. Anya, alongside Giovanna and her ever-present cicerone Layla, take them up on it, and join them aboard. As they clear Lisbon airspace, they start to hear of some of the other destruction in town, and based on some conspiracy board posts Hunch and Breeze are seeing (from frequent posters Dag Rage, Apophany, and others), they start to think the “attack” on the IMA may have been a false flag. The IMA was quick to justify a full stop to all contract negotiations during a “security lockdown”, and both of Convergence’s offices in town were destroyed overnight in the “protest-related violence”, even though they are in completely different parts of town.

D realizes this is a continuing pattern of destruction targeting forecasting org’s- first The Tiding got wiped out in NYC right after the team sold off all their paydata there, then the Seer’s Guild HQ got nearly destroyed in France before the Tour’s arrival in Europe. Brokerage X’s largest office was blown up in Dubai just after the pre-Tour stop there, and now Convergence has been targeted in Lisbon. The team wonders if this has to do with the K-Code, or with someone trying to control it, and trying to eliminate other factions that might be able to predict the future, leaving them with a significant advantage. Regardless, a disturbing realization.

The team makes some final calls to Lisbon contacts, making their goodbyes for now, sends the van to Berlin on auto-pilot, and tasks Soresha with transiting the safehouseboat to London, to moor there until their arrival. Anya also gives them the initial briefing on her planned work for them, which will begin in London- neutralizing, not necessarily lethally, 3 problematic individuals within her parents’ corp. She doesn’t specify whether she means SK or Spinrad, but says she has a list of targets, and seems to be enjoying playing the fixer. The team has some side channel discussion on comms about all of this, but wants to keep Gabby happy, so goes along with it.

After a long flight over Western Europe, they arrive in the AGS and approach Berlin, seeing that the city, especially when viewed from above, is still startlingly divided between corpo West and autonomist East, as least visually. All of their intel suggests that the radicals have largely been removed from tangible power, but it seems like each district of the city has it’s own culture, mores, and even law enforcement. Though the hard borders are long gone, much separation remains. Prepared for intrigue and scheming, they prepare to descend, as Anya and Giovanna plan some much needed teen clubbing before they head to New Monaco for Gabby’s bday festivities.