Sprawl Gorillas
Zoning Out
17 MAR 2026
Runners
Ruxpin
Bug
Breeze
Tenure
Hunch
Dr. D

The team crashes out and recuperates after the taxing defense of Caligarikiez. Waking the next morning, they find a complex mix of celebration and mourning going on, with the casualties predominantly having occurred in the matrix, but some from the Sternschutz group that made it inside past the defenses before being repelled. They eat some hearty food at the communal kitchen, and Breeze makes a point to befriend some of the other runners, in his usual somewhat bumbling manner. After sorting out that the crew isn’t trying to poach work from the other runners, he even manages to get an introduction to Matthias Stockhausen, the castle-dwelling recluse outside Berlin who may know something of the K-Code. This team warns Breeze of the dangers of hunting the K-Code, which they had been doing for a while but have since abandoned due to risk and lethality.

With this promising lead, most of the team heads out to help with rebuilding and repairing the battle damaged Kiez and assorted infrastructure. Hunch and Bug head to the basement with Blitz, who has some major cyber-battle damage of his own. There they pass a line of tarp-covered bodies, mostly members of the Colcha Collective and the Walking People, along with other local hacker volunteers, who perished while defending APEX and the cablenet. People are already referring to the event as the “Net Thunderstorm” (which sounds cooler in the German), the battle between KASSANDRA (with her corporate limiters) and APEX (in her wounded state) came out it APEX’s favor, but AI’s coming to blows has significant side effects and here the cost is very visible.

Local Muslim and Jewish groups are helping prepare the bodies of the faithful for rapid internment, and helping clean and ready the other bodies for transit to their various other preferred methods of disposal and repose. Blitz says APEX has offered to pay for repairs to his and other survivors’ fried tech, but that with the Vory profit siphon discovered and turned off, they’ll have to find some alternate funding somewhere to keep the cable matrix going. Luckily, Radio Radikal and Funkhaus Forever (the 2 largest pirate radio stations in town) and both broadcasting the “truth” of what happened- another corporate false flag attack against Flux State holdouts, with the premise of dangerous weapons that were never found.

The team suspects that APEX may actually have the knowledge of some old bioweapon research, of course, but best for everyone if that isn’t widely known. With the pirate stations putting out a call for aid, some funds and volunteers are showing up to help rebuild the Kiez, with some of the team using their skills to help watch for opportunistic corp infiltrators. Hunch and Bug chat to APEX, who seems less maddened now that she has been freed from her captivity (and isn’t jammed into too small of a system). Hunch tries to carefully navigate their negotiation as best he’s able, and convinces APEX to share the old Fuchi weapons research with them as part of their payment for their assistance. APEX seems willing to use the weapons as needed, though hasn’t actually manufactured any yet, but Hunch convinces her, for now, that having the data and knowing how to counteract their use may be the more useful tool, especially as the Johnson is with a AA not a AAA.

APEX seems to find this acceptable, as corp vs corp fighting generally benefits her goal of returning the Flux State to it’s former glory. Her matrix icon, while still glowing with tangible puissance, is now wearing old patches, buttons, and streetwear of the Flux State, instead of the “chained angel” vibe she had before. They also arrange with her to repair one of the Sternschutz attack drones enough that she can send a portion of herself along with the team on the MCT Zero Zone raid, to assist with hacking. Feeling that that makes them about even. With their increasingly solid rep with the Sprawlguerilla based on their investigations and assistance since arriving in Berlin, the team decide to call some of it in for assistance. They do some research on member factions, and decide to rope in the Hackbirds and the Last Front, a data steal crew and some hardline holdouts from the old UV-X cell, a longtime corp boogeyman used to justify the corp takeover in ’72.

With the promise of both valuable data and some revenge against the corps (MCT specifically in this instance), the team gets them on board, and has them team to steal some vehicles and data from a lower security MCT subsid facility elsewhere in town. They plan to use this to suggest at a false purpose to their raid on the Zero Zone the next day. They hire on Artur Karolina again to pilot the Shinobi Queen, needing a skilled dropoff, and stock up on some other necessary gear ahead of time after reviewing the dossier. The next day, they add some Last Front logos to their armor (except Breeze), and with the Hackbirds on call, wait until night time and then deploy to the wooded ruins in the northeast of town, a Wilderness/W-rated area where the Zero Zone is located.

Ruxpin finds a ruined church and scales the belfry, setting up a sniper’s perch hopefully out of range of the facility’s drone’s guns. Karolina stays in the van nearby and everyone else sneaks through the woods to get closer, except Bug and Breeze. Hunch finds a tree with good sightlines and scales it, concealing himself. Tenure and D get closer in, with Tenure the closest to the facility, with LOS to the perimeter. D is also nearby, with an indirect line of fire. Karolina drops Breeze in first with VTOL and then Bug, but thinks he might’ve gotten scanned on the second dropoff. The team tells the Hackbirds to go, and start their “attack”. Ruxpin cleverly uses his burst fire to “target” some of the many roto drones in the outer perimeter defenses, while actually shooting out spotlights behind them, giving Breeze and Bug cover to sneak up the factory complex, past the distracted Steel Lynxes guarding the inner perimeter.

D starts lobbing grenades via Hunch’s targeting, detonating some of the minefield, hoping to also catch some of the roto drones as well as providing a distraction (and hopefully clearing a path for their infiltrating teammates to sneak out as needed). Tenure goes astral and attracts the attention of the 2 Fire spirits on exterior patrol. Luckily whatever MCT is up to inside seems to keep the spirits outdoors only, which should help the infiltrators, but Tenure also proves devastatingly effective with his new weapon focus combat axe, and manages to disrupt both spirits without taking any damage. Ruxpin continues clearing a path with his rifle as D keeps detonation mines, and both Breeze and Bug get up to the factory walls undetected. Breeze is quite upset to see two massive gorilla-like Chimeras charge out of a door, headed for D/Tenure and Ruxpin’s position, but luckily they don’t detect him, and he uses the chance to slip inside.

Bug gets a little more hung up on his door, having to spend some time picking the lock with an assist from the Hackbirds. The hacking crew also tells the team they have to bail- the MCT host has some incredibly nasty IC and they can’t really hold on against it. Ruxpin, having shot from the same spot a number of times and correctly having set up outside of drone range, finds himself targeted by corp mages, via a massive fireball, which fries the belfry but which he manages to soak with his heavy armor. Unfortunately, he is unable to get a shot off on the Chimeras, who seem to be leaping at great speed through the minefield and over the fence, disappearing into the trees, where even Hunch loses track of their progress. They seem to be using some kind of active camo and are wearing serious heavy armor, licking the air with disturbingly snakelike tongues glistening with some kind of toxin.

Tenure conceals himself behind a tree and readies himself, telling D to make his way to his position, and manages to get a solid surprise blow against the Chimera, barely dodging the response attack, having caught the thing offguard. Ruxpin heads down from the tower, lightly cooked and aiming to change into bear form before the other Chimera arrives at his more distant position. The second Chimera luckily bypassed Hunch, well-concealed as he was in the tree. The infiltrators have very different experiences- Bug has, unfortunately, attracted the attention of facility defense while opening the door to the motor pool, and gets tagged by a Steel Lynx with APDS rounds- no non-lethal option here. Hearing the gunfire, Hunch tells Karolina it’s time for an extraction on that side, and Karolina gets the VTOL up again.

Bug spots a bunch of heavy off-road truck beds, with room to load up on the back. He data taps one and APEX starts the distraction hack. On the other side in the main factory room, Breeze finds some disturbing things. Firstly, not only are there Chimera here, there is an actual Disian present, who seems annoyed the facility defense has distracted the MCT employees present from continuing the work at the factory apace. The Disian doesn’t seem to notice Breeze yet, and has two more Chimera guards on hand. Breeze also sees what he first thinks are large ICBM-style missile trucks, but then realizes there is no propellant or steering systems on the large tubes being assembled on the back of the rugged trucks passing along the assembly lined. There are however some strange energies in the room, and no obvious source of power for whatever the devices are, though Breeze sees some odd circular slots that look like they would perfectly fit the canisters that the team has seen the Disians collecting people inside of, in LA and Denver.

The tech also looks similar to some of the work MCT was secretly doing in Denver, and Breeze wonders what they are up to here. However, none of this looks remotely portable, so Breeze just gets a good visual scan as best he can, and then slips over to a machine with a promising bundle of cables, and gets his data tap on. APEX starts the true hack, and Breeze starts considering exfil., The machinery all looks to be newly installed- it seems the factory was recently entirely refit from whatever previous purpose it had to be an assembly line for these truck-borne devices. And it seems the trucks are not merely for delivery- the devices seem likely to be permanently installed aboard them. With the primary mission in progress, they await APEX’s report of success, and then plan to get out of there, before yet more security arrives to crack down.