Defend the Block
Caligarikiez Under Attack!
09 MAR 2026
Runners
Ruxpin
Bug
Breeze
Tenure
Hunch
Dr. D

The team begins their preparations to defend against the coming multi-faction assault. Since they got some advanced warning, they decide to try to split off or neutralize some of the attackers, and Tenure is thrilled to make the acquaintance of a Dyscordian high priest of Eris, Saif Alhazred, who has a rep as a skilled negotiator and mediator. He also has a rep in the shadows as having a private army of Shitmen under his command, the Nemessides, who will commit major character assassinations for a fee. Tenure is a little awestruck by Saif, who seems to play up his natural “serpent in the garden” vibes, even eating an apple while on the call (also another symbol of Eris as well, of course). They make a deal to leak some intel to Drackova’s faction of the Vory in order to get them to attack the Gargari loyalist faction in the district, and offer to provide overhead real-time positioning footage from their stealth drone to assist.

Through Blitz, they manage to learn some useful intel to get Drackova onside- APEX has long been siphoning funds from Vory operations in town to help fund the upgrade and protection of the cable matrix, with an eye to restoring the Flux State. Blitz thinks someone may have found out, which could have contributed to Gargari’s assassination (via rocket, in a church), leading to the current succession war that has shaken up the Berlin underworld. After consulting with Cashmere, they get the recommendation that although the uncertainty is bad for the town and bad for business, the Vory (who noone seems to like much here) could be weakened notable by backing Drackova’s faction, eliminating the old guard and their network of deals and contacts, who are mostly Gargari loyalists.

With this intel passed along to Saif, he says the Nemessides will begin their work, and the team hopes this will largely pull the Vory contingent out of the attack plan. Next up, they do some research on Sternschutz Security, the SecCorp that is leading the assault. Very drone-forward and tech-heavy, their zero tolerance policies have recently won them a lot of contracts around the AGS and in Berlin, though they lost their chance at a city-wide contract due to a well-publicized massacre, and the popularity of the polizeifreiheit philosophy. More importantly, they are having some clashes between their far right internal politics and the need for friendlier public image/PR as they expand. So the team starts leaking to message boards and spreading some money around to stir up a campaign reminding everyone of these ties, hoping this will keep SS from publicly coordinating with the NFA and other fascist groups.

These fascist groups are all getting bused in from other districts- Marzahn, Falkensee, etc, so the team plays that up for the locals as well. The corps are starting to quietly spread word of an anti-bioterror enforcement action planned for Pankow, which seems to be their cover story, but since many Berliners remember that the “nanoweapon threat” that justified the corp takeover of the city in ’72 never actually materialized, there is a lot of skepticism. Given all that, they hope that other locals will come to their aid, outside of just the residents of Caligarikiez. There, they have a lot of Colcha Collective members, as well as volunteers from other factions of the Sprawlguerilla, alongside a decent handful of local runners, a few other solid crews worth. Some arms dealers friendly to the cause deliver supplies, and many Walking People also arrive, digitally or IRL, to help defend APEX and the cable matrix hub.

The team is warned that APEX is still healing from her captivity and incapable of relocating, so if they can’t hold the site, she will likely be lost or captured, and the cable matrix is too inter-connected to safely shut off this node to protect her, as it would also prevent remote hacker assistance, and would block off any potential escape routes for APEX in an emergency. The team stocks up on some old Russian explosives from the Euro Wars- the Vory have a lot of storage sheds in Pankow packed with all sorts- and mine a few approaches to Caligarikiez, blockading some other to try to filter the assault along certain approaches. Breeze and Tenure also trap one of the alley entrances to the Kiez, covering the floor with lube and putting various spike traps at the end.

Taking a tactical look at the situation, they pick out their spots to set up. D fortifies some interior windows, already narrowed to fire through but provide cover, and stashes piles of grenades at a few useful points. Breeze sneaks out and hides outside the complexes edges, with 2 more sticky charges on him, to try to hit a few more of the troop carriers on approach. Tenure waits near the trapped entrance, with a magically electrified axe, courtesy of D. Hunch gets dropped off by stealth drone on a water tower/red market a little ways off, to serve as a spotted from a hopefully safe distance. Ruxpin and Bug both also get dropped off on top of a massive rubble and trash mountain at a dump much further north. They are at the extreme range of their rifles, but have a commanding view, perched near the top of the highest elevation in town.

With that, they are ready, and just have to wait. Ruxpin and Bug start picking off some fascists in the crowd where they are rallying to the west of the Kiez, causing their march to scatter, and encouraging locals to start pelting the fleeing and hiding fascists with bricks, molotovs and more. To the east, gunfire and explosions kick off as the two Vory factions get into it, with the Shinobi Queen providing an aerial view of the loyalist’s movements to the Drackova faction. And SS starts moving in- 4 troop transport spider tanks, carrying up to 20 troops in full body armor, 8 more heavy spider drones, and an unknown number of high speed stealth VTOL drones. With some careful examination, the team determines that these VTOL drones likely are also serving as retransmission units for the operation, and although armed will likely be primarily in a support role.

This also makes them an excellent target, as taking them out would likely cause significant confusion and delays amongst the attackers. Hunch spots one of the stealth drones headed for the snipers, alerted by their attacking the fascists, and manages to tag it, allowing Bug to take it down before it can reach weapons range. The rest of the team waits for the mines to blow, and they do, badly damaging the front 2 troop tanks, which start laying down suppressive fire on the Kiez in response. Breeze sneaks up and mines a 3rd tank, and D (via grenade) and Tenure (via axe) manage to finish off the 2 badly damaged ones. This leads their troops to deploy. Tenure holds his own for a bit but is quickly KO’ed, while Breeze sneaks over and mines the 4th tank.

These also blow, and are finished off with more grenades and sniper shots, with Hunch providing targeting assistance. The snipers are also taking down the retrans stealth drones when they can, and Breeze hurries back to help Tenure, getting himself into a sticky situation but smoothly grappling one of the SS troops to use as a human shield. D is keeping some of the advancing troops pinned down with constant grenade targeting, but a contingent, plus the surviving heavy spider drones, reach one of the Kiez entrances and breach. D has to leave Breeze to his fate to rush over to reinforce, and manages to split off a few drones and troops from the bulk of them with more grenades, and with defenders inside the Kiez finishing off the forward group, though not without casualties themselves. The snipers finish off the stealth drones, but get bad news from Hunch- incoming missiles!

Bug manages to shoot down the one targeting him after Hunch tags it, but Ruxpin is less fortunate, though his heavy armor and quick reflexes save him- he is blasted off the mountain, smoking and burning, but manages to arrest his fall, keep hold of his rifle, put out the fire and return to his firing position. With comms down, and pinned down by grenades and snipers, and no sign of Vory of fascist mobs to reinforce, the SS troops take an offer from Breeze and other’s in the Kiez to take their wounded and retreat, allowing Breeze to haul Tenure to safety as well. The SS troops blow all the destroyed spider tanks while leaving, after hauling a few riggers out, and the few surviving drones provide cover for their exit before following them back south to the corpo Sector they came from.

The team maintains watch for a bit until it’s confirmed that the attack is really over, and then gets the report on the simultaneous brawl in the matrix, where it seems the fighting was even fiercer, and was arguably the true focus of the operation, though the SS troops would happily have captured or destroyed the onsite host, given the chance. APEX prevailed, but many other defenders were lost- Colchists, Walking People, other hacker and TM’s from around the world who answered the call. It seems the corps unleashed KASSANDRA for the attack as well, though her constrained build proved no match for the old-school pre-Crash “true” Ai of APEX. With that, the Kiez is saved, and the mourning and partying begin. Tomorrow, they will start rebuilding, and the team can finally get paid.

Disturbingly, one of the things they hope to get is bioweapon research that APEX might have from taking over the whole old Fuchi lab host that they found her in under the NFA base. So the corps might not have been entirely wrong in their justification for the assault? Even though it was certainly far from their primary motive. The team considers that maybe they also don’t want APEX to have that data, given her somewhat fanatical stated devotion to the Flux State, so they hope to find her in a generous mood when they request their boon- sole copies of the relevant paydata. After that, it’s time to start calling in favors and get ready for their assault on the MCT Zero Zone on the eastern outskirts- the London Grand Tour stop won’t wait for them to start, so they need to get this done and get moving again before long!