First Love Lost
When You're Here You're Irish!
20 APR 2026
Runners
Ruxpin
Bug
Breeze
Tenure
Hunch
Dr. D

The team leaves Capsian the Aspian’s Tower, and heads into the network of Passage Graves that connect the Wilds to the lower reaches of Bristeluchairt, the Seelie Court’s Castle home. Having reviewed team file intel from past use of these graves, chambers, tunnels, mausoleums, catacombs and the like from Niall O’Connor’s use of then, they know what to expect, and easily navigate the final stretch when Aina says she will go no further, though she provides them the means to contact her when they are ready for the ritual. They decide to start looking for Rooster immediately, and try to navigate their way to the Gallows bar, figuring that sounds vaguely Hanged Man-ish. They stumble into a strange series of hallways that they haven’t heard tell of before, lined with identical doors with no visible hinges, handles, or latches, from which emanate a constant series of odd-tempo knocks.

After a brief panic, they manage to find an exit with no further trouble, but feel they have glimpsed one of the perils of exploring the Castle at night. They reach the Gallows bar with no further issue, and push in past the Old West saloon style doors, to find the patrons and staff in an odd mix of costume and dress that actually makes the team stand out less. With their Shadow Cloaks preventing any kind of metaplanar translation, they definitely look quite different from the few other beings they’ve seen out and about on their way here- mostly servants of various sorts running demanded errands. In Gallows, there are card games, though the rules seem unfamiliar, sex workers, rooms for rent, and a loquacious bartender, Karl.

D steps up and tries to hint to Karl that they are seeking Rooster, but seems to instead confuse matters by seeming to be seeking a sex worker’s company but then refusing all offers. Breeze joins one of the card games, anteing up a story of his martial arts master. He loses, but does a good job telling the tale, and Tenure realizes that Rooster, liking stories, may be tempted to seek out another story-teller, so the team encourages Breeze to continue. He loses again, and tells the tale of his meeting Mama below Boston. He wins, and gets a hint as to Rooster’s location (the Crimson Hall), and then loses again, after which a toad-like Bugul absorbs the memory of his first love. Breeze finds himself thinking that it’s weird that he thinks of the first real relationship he remembers as his second love, but whatever!

The team heads to their Courstman’s Suite next, to rest, and finds the polished and lubed Nightwatch Phantom armor still guarding the door. It bars the way until they confirm that they are a sort of extension of the team that the NP knew from before, which it seems to accept, as it lets them enter. They find The Detective, lounged out on a divan, recovering from a long opiate and bath session, and still a bit out of it. They share some intel with the team though, confirming that The Emissary has been having a lot of secret meetings and quiet words with all sorts of people and factions around the Court, including the Unseelie and Wild Fae. TD explains that they have been somewhat distracted with various investigations for the Court, however, and asks the team to assist with one in particular, if they are able.

They tell of some kind of multi-planar serial killer, being referred to as “The Ghost Breeder”, due to the fact that they create strange, mindless and essence-less “husks”, which are capable of creating more husks. There was recently an outbreak in Phoenix, on the Material Plane, and have been other incursions on Earth as well as in the Fae lands and assorted other planes. TD gestures to a wall which has been covered in a murderboard, red string strewn network of notes. They also say that they have a husk specimen the team can examine, safely stored in the investigator’s laboratory. TD explains that the investigation has been complicated by the involvement of 2 opposing Catholic factions, the Sacred Detectives (consecrated Vatican investigators) and the Good Walkers (fanatical witch hunter types), both of whom are also on the hunt for the Ghost Breeder. Breeze decides a bath sounds good, and heads in to do that, preempting Tenure’s desire for the same.

Tenure decides to study the murderboard in the meantime, and learns a bit about the whole mystery. It seems like the best lead is the City of Amphibolite, a city-plane and center of learning, where there have been frequent husk outbreaks. D sets up a small alchemy workspace, and Bug and Ruxpin relax in the rooms that they claim. The Suite seems quite a bit larger on the inside than the outside, but the team is already becoming used to the Castle’s surprising uses of space. They rest, and awaken the next morning, with Breeze blithely declaring that he’s off to get some food after getting into a minor tiff with Tenure over how much they should allow themselves to get distracted with sidequests versus focusing on rescuing Harlequin.

The rest of the team head to the Morning Hearing, to get a feel for what’s up at Court and hopefully make contact with a few of the other people they’ve heard wish to get in touch with them. Breeze eventually finds his way to a massive tavern with a huge central hearth, with 4 faces. Above the fire on each face is the pelt, skin, scale, etc of some massive beast, mounted alongside the weapon that brought it down. The firekeeper on each face will tell the tale associated, as requested. Breeze eagerly joins in, telling the tale of his thus far unsuccessful quest to throw a bear. He is told to seek the Arena! Fight in the Coliseum! He is a warrior, not a spectator, and there will find his glory! Ignoring warnings in the team file, Breeze happily agrees to this plan, and chomps down on some proffered meat skewers, forgetting the team’s plan, only reminded as his Shadow Cloak degrades, protecting him whatever time dilation effects the food might have had, and now looking quite wispy.

The rest of the team reaches the Morning Hearing with no trouble, finding the Great Hall as impressive as usual- the large central tree, whose roots and branches form the benches and balconies, and whose canopy is the roof, with it’s odd fruit providing illumination. Magical letters flit about overhead, as everyone studiously ignores the black tourmaline of the Shadow faction. The team sees a warning about “false emperor’s” and “bad coinage”, before being distracted by the shifting tapestries on the walls, which seem to display the capture of the Marquis in Yellow, as well as past outbreaks of the Dancing Sickness. Unfortunately, this also seems to be front of mind for the guards at Court, who quickly race over and split Tenure and Ruxpin off from the group, saying they are being quarantined due to their infection risk, seemingly able to detect their exposure to the Marquis’ strange song.

D suggests that the guards take his companions to the dungeon instead of the treatment lab they were planning to take them too, which the guards seem to take as a warning of potential danger, and agree to, though D and Bug are both told they will still need to answer some questions as well. Ruxpin and Tenure are hustled out, with the guards not wishing to further disrupt the Hearing. Tenure tries to make a break for it but is grabbed, strongly, by the shoulder and told not to. They head down towards the dungeon, but as they approach they begin to hear a familiar tune being whistled and the guards remember suddenly that they REALLY shouldn’t put these two there, as it seems the Marquis is currently detained inside.

Tenure tries to make a run for it again, craving the song, and is tripped and knocked unconscious for his efforts. Ruxpin manages to record a brief snippet of the whistled tune as they are hustled off to a secure lab under control of the Queen’s Magister and Advisor, Alessius Vyperalyn, though he is currently at Court, so his majordomo Adek Rak is overseeing the facility at the moment. He sees the two of them ushered into and locked inside of padded, soundproof rooms. Through the small windows in the doors they can see all sorts of scientific, magical, and alchemical equipment. Tenure groggily comes back to, and Ruxpin plays the song snippet to himself over and over, worsening his affliction. Breeze, leaving breakfast and a bit lost as to how to find the Arena, quickly also collides with some guards, is grabbed as well, and decides against a fight. He is brought to the same lab, but put into his own padded room.

Meanwhile, the Morning Hearing has commenced, with Bug and D observing and trying to lay low after accidentally attracting so much attention at the start. The Queen and her retinue file in and take their places, and the petitions begin. Snake Mountain (AZT’s local branch) announce that they are now a controlling faction in the management of the Yellowstone Anomaly, and seem to be playing, subtly, to the Court’s more conservative factions, in offering their alliance and assistance in assuaging any lingering concerns anyone has about the security of the site. TD reports on the dangers of the Void Rock material encountered on the Mile High Realm, and also on the demise of Creep’s shadowman spirit form there.

The celebrity runner Starstrike gets limited approval to film another segment of his astral adventures show for Horizon at Court, though the Court maintains final cut rights, wanting to ensure that only approved footage gets out. Lastly and most disturbingly, the team sees their old foe Copperknickel make an appeal for the Court to accept an offer of alliance from his patrons. The Queen doesn’t seem to give a hard no, but brushes him off for now, and then calls an end to today’s Hearing. Foggy gets up to announce that the following evening, the Robin’s Waltz will be held- 4th in the yearly cycle, in the Nature Hall. It occurs to the runners that it is odd that the Steward didn’t make this announcement, and notice that the woman, Fiona Saito, appears to be absent from the dais entirely. Another mystery.

They receive two offers of meetings and meals, from Old Crow and Niall, and as they want to check in on their teammates during the lunch hours, they arrange to meet Old Crow in the afternoon, and Niall for dinner. With that, they head out, arriving at Vyperalyn’s lab shortly after the pretentious Elf man and his fawning retinue. He seems quite full of himself, and begrudgingly respectful of D’s alchemical knowledge and Bug’s fortitude as they describe how they survived their encounter with the Marquis without succumbing to his infection. Vyperalyn also seems hopeful for treatment, given that they all have only a single exposure, thus far.

D spends a while helping to brew up some potions to assist, and Bug discusses the knowledge he learned from the Marquis, which Vyperalyn insists would have been better gotten elsewhere. After a few hours prep, they offer a treatment to the 3 infected runners, making clear that refusal will result in their continued quarantine. All 3 accept, and manage to finally purge their need for the song from their systems. Speaking of purging from systems, Hunch is summoned and deletes the file of the remix of the song, along with the small snippet of whistling Ruxpin just recorded (whether Hunch keeps a secret copy, perhaps only he knows….). With that done, Hunch heads back to his studies in the castle libraries, and the rest of the team makes for the Everhall, finding the infinity-rune door, with an anxious Old Crow waiting nearby, as the team is a bit late.

He seems happy to see them all free of custody, and they head into the hall, walking a ways to avoid any snooping before beginning their main discussion. They get into Black Lodge/Shadow faction/Dis stuff, deeply, sharing intel and catching each other up on current states of investigations etc. The highlights are that, with D’s Tarot vision from Caspian’s Tower, they are able to determine that the current ploy is something like this: Drifting Peter, a strange spirit long obsessed with artifacts and their auras, and a useful source of intel on them, has recently been on a buying spree, acquiring all sorts of odd treasures (much of it junk) from assorted Fae families on the decline who are willing to sell heirlooms out of necessity. He then seems to pass these on to Emperor Hak-Jin, the enigmatic and near-silent figure who claims to be the ruler of some lost and unspecified realm.

Neither of these individuals were known prior to have access to this level of funds, so OC had assumed Black Lodge backing, but was confused by the Shadow Tourmaline warning people away from them (unless it was a clever double bluff?), but with the vision of The Emissary’s involvement, it all makes a lot more sense. Hak-Jin has been sifting through the artifacts that DP acquires and trading the best ones to the Queen or her retinue for inclusion in her Arcana collection, in exchange for favors and access, likely on The Emissary’s behalf, and this makes more sense of what they saw at Court this morning. Copperknickel was testing the waters, to see if they had bought enough favor yet, without The Emissary needing to extend a more official offer, and avoiding the embarrassment of rejection thereby. Bug wishes he had winked at Copperknickel when he spotted him- classic spirit of the staircase.

Old Crow asks the team to check out the London Cleopatra’s Needle obelisk when they return to the Tour, hoping to learn any more about what exactly the Shadow faction and Black Lodge are up to, and they get into a discussion about whether the BL would appose the Disians or not in their complex quest for power and dominance. OC then moves on to his next topic- he is becoming increasingly worried about the outcomes of Hansu’s Prophecies 1 and 2, which he thinks are tied together. The team quickly reviews them, and then he offers his summation- essentially he believes that they suggest that, if unresolved, the next time Yellowstone erupts, it will be like pulling the plug out of a tub, causing a massive mana drain from the Seelie Court to the Material Plane.

AZT obviously suspects this also, and as it plays right into the fears of the more conservative Seelie factions, this is likely part of what they were hinting at in Court this morning. It would also spell disaster for the material plane as it would be a huge acceleration of the mana cycle, bringing the Horrors closer along with all that that entails- Scourge, Blood Eclipse, etc. OC bids the team seek out the “fleeing prisoner” from the Prophecy, who they had ID’ed in a Tarot card image previously, one Alimar Emmington, Th.D. She may have critical knowledge that could help them in resolving these issues, and helping to solve the Prophecies and prevent disaster. OC also reports the disturbing news that AZT has, with Corp Court approval, taken full custody of Site 000, the location in Pennsylvania where III Corps disappeared on their way to Detroit, just before the Blackouts.

The team start speculating on the mana collapse happening in Dis, and wondering if someone pulled the proverbial drain plug on their plane, similar to what OC is worried about here, or if something else occurred- their own Scourge or similar. OC also reports on some disturbing new tech present at Court- alongside the spread of “mana wells” (living magical batteries- OC finds them quite unethical, as they require a vacant host), there have more recently been mana crystals spread about as well- they seem less powerful than the mana wells but capable of enhancing magical potency nonetheless. OC hasn’t yet seen more of the blood crystal type implants like what PPJ had, but explains that after his injuries in Detroit, his magic isn’t what it once was, so he encourages the team to try to assense Hak-Jin and others, to see if they have gone Faustian.

The team also has a disturbing thought, that if mana wells need a vacant host, this whole Ghost Breeder thing could be providing some useful bodies. They discuss PPJ’s fate, which OC seems unsurprised by, given what he saw on the team’s last visit. Tenure also starts getting stressed about the amount of big important stuff they are being asked to assist with in addition to their main job, as well as trying to get back to London for the Grand Tour kickoff there, and begins debating carefully seeking out some food at the Court. With correct info, they should be able to dilate their stay here in a specific direction, gaining time for their investigations while only losing a handful of days on the material plane. It will take some doing, but just might work!