Ghost Law
No Altruistic Horses
13 APR 2026
Runners
Ruxpin
Bug
Breeze
Tenure
Hunch
Dr. D

The team reaches the Welsh Wild Lands preserve, and gets a tour from Murdoch and Donatien, which includes some assorted standing stones, Leylines, Druidic orders (which they learn to distinguish from the banned NDM- Celtic trad Druids are apparently still kosher), and news of a Sea Dragon eco-cult on the Pembrokeshire coast. D, meanwhile, takes a little road trip around Europe acquiring necessary reagents that may be hard to purchase legally in the UK and stashing them in the van’s smuggling compartment before making the Chunnel crossing, without any incident due to his high quality Tour SIN. He rents a lockup with decent security for the van along the M25 motorway, and then takes a train out to join the rest of the team.

They link up at Harlech Castle, Duchess Rhiannon Glendower’s seat of power in Snowdonia. As well as her assorted eco-causes, she seems to be backing the Welsh independence movement, based on what Murdoch tells them of the complex array of flags flown and visitors seen on her premises of late. Luckily Murdoch (or more likely, Donatien) called ahead, so Glendower has afternoon tea served for them, and joins them, seemingly glad for the break from her harried schedule, to which she has returned after her enforced leisure time in Lisbon. Her Dwarf chief of security is staring daggers at the team, but everyone is too well-trained to make an issue of anything in front of Murdoch, so they engage in some polite discourse until Glendower suggests that Donatien and Murdoch go to meet with a delegation from Tir na nOg, which they agree to do.

With them out of the room, she gets down to business with the team. She wants them to use their ties to Thomas Roxborough to help her gain access to his advanced biotech, to enhance her assorted rehabilitation efforts, especially in the Lambeth Containment Zone (aka “The Squeeze”) and the attached Angel Towers Arcology- arguably the largest ungoverned interior space present in any modern sprawl, after the previous owners gutted it and fled to Europort some decades ago. As expected, this has allowed for the flourishing of all sorts in the ATA- Bugs, Wendigo cults, Shedim, gangs, runners, and some successful alternative communities. She is working to rehab the ATA, and the larger LCZ, enough to reintegrate it fully into the rest of the city, aiming to do away with the Excalibur Division-manned checkpoints that currently are the only official paths out- a well-known entrance to London’s underground demimonde network of tunnels and chambers is also in frequent use in the district.

This brings up a good in for Breeze, who has a request to share from Jonathon Blake. Blake wishes for his Centurion Security Services to get the contract for the ATA, so Breeze tosses it in as an option. Tenure, perhaps correctly concerned, also feels compelled to mention Blake’s affiliation with the Black Lodge, which Glendower seems loosely aware, or at least suspicious, of, but is glad to have confirmed. They have a bit of back and forth, eventually winning her around to the possibility after they point out that this knowledge will allow her to utilize Centurion for their useful skills and magical abilities, as well as to do some needed but perhaps sometimes unpopular tasks, and then cut them loose at a future point if/when needed, using the BL ties as a justification- surely whatever power resides in the ATA would be best kept out of their hands, after all!

Tenure and Breeze also have a brief side chat about both Blake’s dangers, and on agreeing on strategies before airing internal disputes before Johnsons, but it all seems fine in this instance. They then get down to the main purpose of their visit- securing a meeting with Celedyr. Glendower seems to still be on the outs with him over his responsibility for the events in Boston, but once the team explain that his aid is needed to help permanently contain Gwynplaine, she agrees to assist. However, she can only safely get them to his door, and can’t vouch for his response, and advises them to bring him some sort of impressive mystery or valuable secret (or both) to catch his interest. She then has to dash off, but offers to host them, as well as Murdoch and Donatien, for the evening, with those two deciding to stay on at Harlech rather than continue to Carleon with the team.

The next day, after some debate, they head to Carleon and are ushered into the research complex/fortress, and global HQ of Transys-Neuronet, by members of Celedyr’s private army, a former LCZ street gang called the Knights of Rage, who he has extensively trained and equipped over the decades. Hunch has done a little research and discovered that Celedyr was instrumental in the construction of MARIANNE in France, after the French government blackmailed him with some Boston knowledge, but that Celedyr and his TN techs all pulled out as soon as their contract was complete, which explains some of why the French seem so baffled by the working of MARIANNE. He built a robust system, but it remains mysterious. The team feels like this helps them get enough of a feel to sell him their mystery.

They reach some sort of inner sanctum, and are offered a nice tea service while they wait. Breeze once again starts musing about how he held Excalibur, until a voice in his head demands more information, which he shares. The voice, surely Celedyr, eventually confirms that the sword he held was merely an imitation from the lesser demi-plane of Avalon, and Breeze finally decides to let go of his purported claim to the throne (probably for the best). Celedyr then begins talking in everyone’s minds, and they manage to hook him with their mystery- helping the Null translate the DIsian language! Celedry seems miffed that Grey Cell hasn’t reached out to his yet, and seems to have taken a dislike to whatever the Disians are up to, so as well as the mystery he seems open to the overall PR strategy of it all, though he takes poorly to their attempts at pointing all that out.

After they explain their task, he agrees to lend them the Jewel of Memory in exchange for a specific service- protecting Cara Villiers when either he or Cara calls for their aid, and keeping her from knowing he is involved. Luckily she is along on the Tour, so this should be a viable task, but he makes clear that should anything happen to either Cara or the JoM, his wrath will be quite consuming, and even reduced as he is currently, both his reach and his memory are quite long. The team agrees, and one of his agents, a man named Medjay, passes out worn stone amulets on leather thongs that they are to wear. Celedyr says they will only activate when he needs to communicate with them, and will otherwise be magically undetectable. Medjay also passes over the JoM, and even Breeze is a little too overawed to make a joke about dropping it, though D steps in and does so.

With this business concluded for now, they head out and decide that they should immediately head to the Seelie Court and use the JoM, not wanting it in their possession any longer than needed. Bug stashes it inside his new smuggling compartment in his cyber-leg, wrapped in a biofiber bag to further obscure it from notice. But it still feels a long way from safe. The team orders a new cargo-hauler VTOL to help them move gear around in the restrictive UK, and pick up Murdoch and Donatien at Harlech Castle. They head up to visit the fairy pools on the Isle of Skye, after punching in a call to Arcane in Denver. They get the update there- MCT, as well as AZT, has been banished from the city, with garish ruins left as reminders where their offices once stood, and GW/the ZDF are sharing some quite jingoistic memes on the subject.

However, the promised Spirit sanctuary project is up and running, making Denver a haven for Spirits in both the material and astral planes (though the astral Mile High Realm is still far from stable). With GW’s implicit blessing, if not direct support, The Veil, the Hearts of Zebulon, and the ASPS have followed through on their promise, which is something. The Echo Chamber is also under construction and seeming promising as a secure meeting space. Arcane does warn them that border checks are a lot more severe and intense, seeking out AZT and MCT agents, as well as other potential agitators. Since they team has the JoM, and is planning to use it to assist Harlequin, they decide Denver is not their best option. Luckily, Arcane instructs them on how to access the Court of Roses, a Wild Fae court where his mother resides, which is friendly to the Unseelie under Aina Dupree. He also says he will send a message along, warning of their arrival.

With that, the team decamps the blimp and explores the fairy pools, while Hunch distracts Murdoch and Donatien with talk of his forthcoming 7th Great Ley emergence theory. Ruxpin gets all his illegal gear crated and on the new drone, and D quickly finds a pool with many roses growing nearby, and a rosy color and odor. They step in, and once about waist deep, find themselves flipped as if gravity has inverted. They find themselves emerging from a large pond in front of a flower strewn castle. Hunch slips away, leaving Murdoch and Donatien with the team’s blimp, trusting they won’t do anything untoward with it. The team finds that they are accompanied by two large mechanical clockwork birds, one carrying a steamer trunk, presumably Ruxpin’s gear, transformed to match the local paradigm. The team has all upgraded or ordered ahead to have some Shadow Cloaks to prevent their own metaplanar translation, and packed rations to try to keep the time dilation to a minimum.

They are greeted by some Flower Knights, each with their own floral sigil, and ushered into the castle, where they find the Queen of Roses awaiting them, alongside Aina Dupree, the Ebon Queen and Eiolai (Guide) of the Unseelie. After briefly conversing about Arcane and how he is getting on, his mother excuses herself, and Aina and the team retreat to a dining room to plan a bit. They refresh what they know and what they need to do to rescue Harlequin- they need to hack the 3 Pa coins that link to the coimeadai controlled by Alachia’s loyalists, to free the fragments of his mind. They need a place to do the ritual. They need Gwynplaine from the dungeon, where he is currently held. And they need Harly’s body- currently residing as the current Jester, “John Doe”.

Aina has a suggestion for that- enlisting Rooster to take his place. This would serve his longterm goals, and would give him and his faction a useful opportunity to speak truth to power, something sorely lacking under the anodyne and personality free current Jester. Especially if they can sell it to Rooster as some sort of epic prank, he could likely be recruited. They may also want to bring on other hackers, as needed, as once they start moving on this, Alachia will notice and move against them, unwilling to lose her prize. So Aina suggests having a spot picked and secured for the ritual (or just doing it AT the jail), as well as having an exit plan to be used immediately thereafter. She suggests they see to any other Seelie Court business before beginning this plan. They will also need to check in with Thisbe Sorrel, to make sure she is still willing to do her part in the ritual, as she knows ancient secrets of the crafting of the JoM and the coimeadai. But given Creep and Heat’s contributions to her brood, they think she will be as good as her word.

Aina also shares the unfortunate news that The Detective and Foggy have sent along a report, after the team passed along the mask of The Auditor as a warning. A new being, calling themselves The Emissary, who bears a striking resemblance to The Auditor, has been showing up at Court of late, and seems to be making some inroads here and there, as well as whispering in a lot of ears. Aina reports that she is sad to say the Unseelie are far from immune to his charms- many in her faction would accept an offer of assistance to see the Seelie Court humbled and brought low, not caring overmuch where the offer came from, or what terms might someday be called to account. She also tells the team that both TD and Old Crow requested that the team get in touch once they are safely at Court, for various updates and work opportunities.

With those plans in place, they ready themselves to head out and infiltrate the Court, with Aina saying it is good they took non-traditional paths here, as Alachia has more spies and guards watching the standard routes these days. D requests a stop for some alchemical supplies on the way, and they swing by Aspian Tower, where they meet Caspian the Aspian, a large talking turtle, who inhabits the spooky tower, surrounded by a bottomless chasm, with only a single swaying bridge across. Inside, the tower is lined with stairs and ladders, accessing innumerable tiny alcoves stuffed with scraps of paper and parchment, reagents and tools, unguents and powders, liquids of every hue, and the like. It seems Caspian as well as being an alchemist of some reknown, is a mapmaker and collector of knowledge.

D explains that he is seeking a way to bottle luck, and Caspian explains that the only known way is through Blood Magic- a sacrifice of a sort must be made, depending on the amount of luck one requires. D isn’t fully satisfied, but trades one of the team’s very valuable True Element samples for a luck potion, alongside which Caspian upgrades their Astral Map in thanks. They trade some additional info about unusual routes and paths, to his delight, and then get onto discussing Tarot cards- some of which can effect luck. Caspian explains that these are an entirely other order of magic of their own- they require connection to two connected metaplanes and their magical Harmonics to function. He explains that the Sixth World Tarot is a connected magic between the Fae Realms and the Material Plane.

They then decide to show him the cards from the mysterious other deck, and he suggests that this deck is tying together the Material Plane and Dis! He tries to explain it to the team’s mages, but it is higher order magic that is far over their heads, though they can sort of see what he’s getting at, at it’s basic level. He offers that he could likely make them a powerful potion if he could decant some of those cards, for no charge, as he is interested to learn as well. They agree, and hand over two cards from Potions from the Dis deck. He makes them into a potion, and says it seems likely to provide a vision to whoever imbibes. With the best arcana skills, D drinks, and is frozen in place while receiving his vision, which he then relays to the team.

He sees a dark, smoky cloud, over Europe, maybe covering places the Grand Tour goes through but spreading from there. 7 shadow-y figures oversee it’s progress (the Sinister 7 of the Asintmah Alliance?), and seem to be controlling at least one member of the Gran Comite- a lead! An imposing, bald figure lurks behind the 7 shadows- perhaps the Auditor or the Emissary? They then see this same bald man at the Seelie Court, accepting some sorts of magical objects from a courtier in an imperial robe, who it turn accepts more magical objects from a floating spirit. The vision fades.

Reviewing the team file, Hunch thinks it likely that they just saw Drifting Peter selling artifacts to Emperor Hak-Jin, who in turn has been passing them along to The Emissary. To what end they don’t know, but they feel they better chase down this lead once they get to Court- something nefarious is surely afoot. With that, they head off, planning to once again use the extensive network of Passage Graves to gain access to the lower levels of the Castle, and begin their work there, hopefully steering clear of Alachia’s agents while doing so.