Down With The Clown
The Return of Rooster
26 APR 2026
Runners
Ruxpin
Bug
Breeze
Tenure
Hunch
Dr. D

While the rest of the team has been going about their assorted intrigues, Hunch has been researching the Seelie Court matrix (the “gramrye” or grimoire), and also analyzing the rapidly expanding Noosphere. This seems to have grown extensively since the team’s last visit, likely suggesting expanded use of various magics and technologies at the Court, according the Perri/the Nexus’ UnITy concept. Hunch does indeed delete Heat’s remix of the Marquis in Yellow’s disturbing song, considering it good riddance now that he has team support to do so. Some of the teammates thank him for doing so, and for not having let them listen to it, now that they are free of their infection.

Linked back up, the team all head to Pendulum chamber to meet up with Niall O’Connor, who is stylishly dressed in a perfect blend of Court and Earth fashions that would work in either locale. He is wearing a large ring, which he only says was left to him by a deceased friend when Breeze inquires. He is a bit sardonic and wry, not quite condescending but definitely seemingly one (or more) step ahead. He instructs them on how to safely enter the swinging platform that makes up the only standing space inside the door, and ushers them in. They take a few of the tables close together, and he says they have timed it well to avoid the afternoon gatherings of arcanists that congregate here, and still get out before the strange midnight dancers arrive.

The team starts to remember some of what they’ve read about this chamber in the team file, and get more disturbed. They have a convo with Niall that has some overlap with the one they just had with Old Crow- where OC saw the Black Lodge behind everything, Niall seems more inclined to see the workings of the Horros, specifically of She Who Thrives Beneath the Rot, on of the heralds of their coming. He fills the team in on the work of assorted Horror cultists in reaching out to members of the Court who seek to use their power to strike a mighty blow against their adversary- the Unseelie looking to attack the Court proper and vice versa. Niall thinks that the dancers in this room are engaged in sharing of intel and negotiation about just such matters.

He suggests taking all of this to Lady Xoc, the head of the High Priestess faction, who is the strongest Lightbearer at Court, as he says he thinks the team’s entreaty will be better received than his own would be. The team shares some of OC’s intel with Niall as well, and he confirms some of what he has seen of the Disians and his concerns therein. He doesn’t seem to differentiate them overmuch from the Horrors- he is concerned about any deep metaplanar entities gaining unrestricted access to the Seelie Court, both for the Court’s sake and as it is a conduit, magically, to Earth. The team manages to largely piece together what occurrences at Court are Black Lodge, what are Disian, and what are Horror-related, with all this stuff finally pieced together and laid out.

They agree that if either the Court conservatives ally with the Horrors to cut off access to Earth, or if chaos agents unleash the Horrors against the Court, only bad will come of it. This further encourages the team to explore their idea of selectively engaging in some time dilation to enable them to stay at Court/on the metaplanes longer to continue their investigations, without missing too much of the Grand Tour stop in London, for which they have already accepted some tasks. They do part ways with Niall for now, and do a bit of research, figuring out that there are a a few dishes from the Queen’s Kitchen (red ale and honey cakes) that are thought to be especially effective at engaging with time dilation, and D thinks he can carefully manage the team’s diets to allow them to miss roughly a chosen amount of time in London while gaining as much time as they need at Court, if they can find him a few samples to experiment on.

Knowing that Crynixese, the Kitchenmaster, controls the doors and portals to all 6 Castle Kitchens, they decide to begin to find ways to access them, or to gain her favor, in order to get some useful samples of those items, as they are not widely available at the public dining halls. With that, they head back to the their suite and briefly debate exploring the Castle at night again before spooking themselves and deciding against it. They instead spend a while crafting the perfect poetic message to accompany their gift to the Queen, which they plan to present the following morning to justify their extended presence at Court by gaining her approval. Knowing she is an avid collector, they decide to provide the Karma/Justice card from the Disian Tarot deck, figuring this will catch her eye.

Upon returning to their suite, they also encounter Adek Rak, Magister Vyperalyn’s agent, who makes clear (after some initial misunderstandings on the team’s behalf, still adjusting to the glancing style of conversation common at Court) that they now owe Vyperalyn some favors, aka a “munera” debt. He not only cured them, he recognized their utility and will vouch for them at Court in the morning if they don’t make total asses of themselves, in order to ensure that they are allowed to stay for a time. Rak suggests that a useful favor would be to discover one or more secrets of Serrin Sol, the Queen’s Champion, who Vyperalyn seems to have some kind of longstanding low-grade beef with. The team, lacking options, agrees, and Rak leaves through a nearby door they could have sworn wasn’t there a moment before….

They also compose their poem and plan to present the card inverted to hint that the Queen should be wary of the Disians and their assorted offers. To prevent the full Court from noticing what they are up to, they carefully code the poem, with Hunch taking the lead in composition, while Tenure practices the presentation. They also craft a small puzzle box out of some of the assorted gear Ruxpin brought to hide the card itself, while still having a clear orientation when the box is opened. With that, they rest for the night, and all head to the Morning Hearing the next day. The Shadow Tourmaline warns against legacies looted, treasures lost, ancestors disgraced (seemingly still harping on the Disian artifact trade pipeline), while the tapestries and mosaics seem to hint towards some of the actions of the Horror cultists at Court.

Only Ruxpin gets spotted obviously looking at the Tourmaline, with the rest of the team managing to be a bit more subtle, and even he is surreptitious enough to avoid social consequence, for the moment. As the Queen and retinue file in, D notices that the Steward, Fiona Saito, is still absent- strange. Foggy also seems to have been socially downgraded to a position further from the Queen, though not to have been reduced in rank, so something she has done has effected her favor at Court. The line of petitioners begins, with Tenure joining, making clear he is only there to present a gift, which secures him a place fairly far up in the line. The first petition is to close off the Geocache, from some isolationists, using Swale’s warning tape and the Null vine presence there as an excuse members of Dragon, Hermit, and Higher Power all sign on

Next, a member of Hermit presents rumors of Disians reaching out to the Unseelie, seemingly intending this as a warning that the Disians are not to be trusted as honest brokers, though not saying any of it so openly. However, as the team observes the response, this seems to encourage some factions to make a deal with the Disians first instead. After that, a new Technomagicians magical order is announced- recruiting all awakened and TM’s. Using Prot0’s paper as their thesis, they are interested in Reso/Magic crossovers, and make their opposition to the closing of the Geocache clear. They are sponsored by Eclipse, with support from Magician. The Zhigul Makers then petition to any astral explorers and researchers to find Al’Azief pages to enable/improve replication of Sextants of Worlds for safer astral travel.

Tenure thinks about this a bit, and realizes that he has some shared history here- the MIT&T researcher who Big D left the Al’Azief to in his will famously went mad from his explorations, and then was killed by a powerful Fire spirit, which also saw his research destroyed. Somewhat of a campus legend. However, it has long been rumored that pages of the Al’Azief folio were scattered across the metaplanes, and that they contain both detailed astral maps and instructions on how to build replicas of various navigational devices, including some though to be singular, such as the Artifact Chase item the Sextant of Worlds. As the team themselves possess one of the replica devices, it occurs to Tenure that either the Makers or some other faction must posses at least one or some of the lost pages to be able to make these, and that the Makers may want to corner the market, with this open request for more pages.

Tenure is up next, and does a decent though somewhat halting presentation of the skillfully crafted poem. The Queen accepts the gift, and seems excited at the hinted prospect of a new Tarot card, so it seems like the team is in her good graces for now. With a glance from Vyperalyn, they understand that they definitely owe him his favor, based on his promised intercession to keep them clear of trouble after curing them of the Marquis’ infection. They ponder the domineering figure of Serrin Sol, who looks like a bad man to fuck with, and Breeze starts reconsidering heading the Coliseum, and maybe luring Ruxpin along, figuring it could be a good spot to learn the secrets of a Champion. Last up, the Croki oddball Costas steps up to petition for access to doctor Alimar Emmintion, Th.D., and seems to suggest she is being held by Alachia, the Blood Queen.

Costas seems unsurprised when his petition is rejected as Queen Brane Deigh claims no knowledge of this person of her whereabouts. However, Costas gives the team a sly nod as he returns from the dais, and Breeze attempts a subtle wink back- it seems Magician has given a hint as to where this person they seek is located, though how Costas (who PPJ suspected of Black Lodge ties from Boston) knows that Old Crow tipped them off to this is anyone’s guess. With the Queen calling a halt to the Hearing after this, a last flurry of messages flit around the Great Hall, with Hunch figuring out that he is able to create and send messages himself, though his look a little different that the standard “purely” magical ones.

He sets a lunch meeting with Samantha Roth at the Geocache, and plans to head there accompanied by Ruxpin. Breeze and Bug head out to seek out Rooster, starting by finding the Crimson Hall. And Tenure and D head for the Fox Library to observe the presentation that the Technomagicians are doing of their founding thesis. Upon reaching the library, they find that the thesis is largely a document Prot0 wrote, with some Nexus updates. However, Tenure has newer info as well, so he shares some non-paydata intel with them and makes a good impression, even though his presentation is a but obnoxious in style. D does some research while at the library, finding some good options of places to contact Theoliph, the Spider Keeper of Secret Knowledge who he follows. He wants to follow up on some of Niall’s tips about what is going on with Spider Mentors around the globe.

The gist of it seems to be that Meth, the dark Spider trickster, somehow gained his freedom from his astral prison, where the other Spider Mentors had locked him away. Upon emerging, he reawakened The Twisted Web, a strange pocket plane that was his former residence. It seems that the entity known as “Grandmother” resides there, and is the new Spider Mentor voice that seems to most frequently be contacting and/or altering Shamans that follow the way of the web. Niall warned D that this was especially prevalent in Seattle for some reason. Regardless, this is the first D has heard of Meth’s freedom, which is concerning, alongside the general issues this all raises, if this Grandmother is another Horror herald or some sort of other corrupted entity.

Hunch and Ruxpin link up with Roth at the Geocahce, and do find some of Warden Banleigh Swale’s gardeners there manning the perimeter. It doesn’t seem fully closed off as of yet, but there is more tapestry caution tape up than the last time the team was here, around the entrance to the chamber itself as well as sectioning off the Fuchi/NeoNET node inside. Doing some quick team file research, Hunch figures out the Roth is quite tied into the Villiers family going way back, and based on the team’s current assignment to protect Cara Villiers, as well as having done some work for her of late, Hunch decide to also feel out if Roth’s loyalties lie more with Cara or with Miles Lanier, Richard Villiers’ spymaster and closest confidante, who seems like her likeliest opponent as NeoNET scion.

Roth seems positive towards both people, so Hunch name drops a bit to establish credentials. He and Ruxpin both notice that Roth seems a little lost in some kind of nostalgic fugue, perhaps thinking back to the good old days of the 2050’s, a reflection that this chamber certainly encourages. They discuss the expanding Noosphere here and share some theories. They also make a deal- Roth shares some intel with Hunch about how to potentially set up a magical TacNet here, using Pa coins and the Silver Book program, which he will have to learn, continuing his research. In exchange, the team agrees to help a Null Explorer, their old comrade Mx. 7 from NYC, to gain access to Court, assisting with etiquette and an appropriate gift. After the team inquires, Roth also suggests she may be able to help them in their unspecified upcoming difficult hack (freeing Harly’s 3 trapped mind segments), but also suggests that they enlist Mx. 7’s assistance, as the Null have a rep as skilled hackers.

They agree, and feel both a little worried about what this Null expansion may entail and also more optimistic about the success of their hack. The Null, for their part, have agreed to withdraw from their expansion efforts in the Geocache in exchange for gaining a more overt presence at Court, and stick to the interior of the NeoNET node there. This seems like this could help keep the chamber open, against the isolationist’s wishes, which the team thinks could be quite important, as it is a critical point of contact with the Material Plane while at Court. Bug and Breeze find their way to the Crimson Hall, and find some Castle servants moving furniture around the blood-red, draped and carpeted room and it’s large red glass dance floor. The process seems to be a bit chaotic, and they eventually spot that one man seems to be generating a lot of the confusion.

Approaching him, they see that it is indeed Rooster in disguise, which he quickly doffs once he realizes his cover is blown. He heads out with them as some of the servants shout in outrage behind them. They say they have a sensitive matter to discuss, and he suggests heading to Gilik’s, in the bowels of the Castle, where they can chat more freely. He also slaps an embarrassing sign on Breeze’s back, which Bug leaves be for now. As they reach the bar, they find the low entrance under statues of 2 Dwarves clanking tankards, and Rooster handily runs up and slides through. Breeze tries to follow, painfully smacking his head when he judges it wrong. Bug then pulls himself smoothly through with his cool new grapple hand, and Breeze sadly crawls carefully through after.

They get a booth, with Rooster ordering drinks- a sealed Earth soda for Bug, imported by Snake Mountain (AZT), and a milk for Breeze, with a tankard of strong grog for himself. They drink and talk through the plan- Rooster is quickly onboard, seeing his chance to finally take the place of Jester at the Court before anyone can stop him. He agrees to work on his Harly disguise and performance, and offers that his friend Tom Foolery is a permanent presence in the dungeons, bringing some chaotic Hanged Man energy to that locale, should they need an ally there. He also pulls Bug aside and warns him to keep an eye on Breeze, telling him that if things go badly tonight from the milk, they should seek out a rare alchemical concoction known as an “Elixir of Subtraction”. Bug gets a little worried.

They all take turns telling some tales to the assembled crowd, with Rooster showboating a lot and goading the crowd into requesting more tales from him as the runners depart. Bug warns Breeze that he may have been drugged, and everyone meets back up at the Suite to check in. They brief each other on their findings, and everyone gives Breeze a thorough medical, magical, and chemical checking over. Finding nothing amiss, they determine that the prank was likely that he just drank some regular milk and Rooster psyched him out for fun. He still feels a little on edge, and asks others to keep an eye on him in case he does need some help. With the afternoon flying by, and a ball scheduled for the evening, they decide they better get on finding their way to the Queen’s Kitchen, or at least the relevant snacks therein, so they can manage their time here better, literally.

-Tenure presented Denver updates/Coin knowledge/Silver Book/Zecorporatum