Like A Dagger or a Shoe
12/30/2024, 9:12:18 PM
Runners
Otters aka Roadkill
Heat
Aradia
Echo
Ruxpin

As the team is still processing the distressing news about the capabilities of the Discidium weapon, and The Collector and Kangee Ohanzee are debating next steps to try to keep Prot0 from using it, Ruxpin interrupts to inquire with them about what’s going on with all his missing team-mates returning as Chimera. This gets their attention (briefly) diverted, and they share some intel, and promise to keep an eye out for more of his team popping up, and Ruxpin says he’ll do the same, with both sides agreeing to share intel if/when. With that, TC and KO both take their leave to deal with this new issue, and Arcane also says his goodbyes for the time being.

Otters drives the van down remotely to pick them up again, while they talk through some of what they just experienced on the metaplanes. They also bemoan StepMAMA’s absence, and promote the completely unemotional, all biz Paris (Echo’s Agent program) to her former role keeping an eye on the TacNet and their WAN. Perri updates them with some of her write-ups of the UnITy data they helped develop and prove, and puts Heat’s name in the research credit area as requested. She says that Celedyr has gotten onboard with the theory and will be promoting it alongside her launching it on various shadow forums. They also hear about some kind of massive AZT corporate breach- apparently McClure delivered on his promise of some backdoors and access, but AZT has been coming down hard on shadow forums, mods, hackers and the like since.

Perri also tells them that the Nexus has been funding runs to try to backtrace the Null to their homeworld after their recent attack on the Nexus, but that these runs have proven to be very dangerous and often lethal for TM’s and AI/EI’s, so they’ve turned to mostly using standard deckers, who the Null seem to view more like odd curiosities that major threats, if they don’t aggro the Null. Aradia gets the word out through Dean Costello of high-paying, high-risk missions for interested deckers, to help recruit additional help. Perri says she and Arcane have also been wanting to try to figure out how to get to Dis as well as wherever the Null come from, but that this will likely take longer to set up, but that they hope the team will be interested in the job when it’s ready.

Heat finally gets to do a write-up to get on Jackpoint, with T3chK1d (who seems a little world-wearier than his youthful appearance would suggest) providing the necessary reference. Heat focuses on the team’s time in Caelum (leaving out the weapon details and how exactly they arrived), alongside their transit to The Grey Lands and details on that place, partially to warn anyone else who finds themselves in Caelum. He gets his provisional membership, and a lot of interested inquiries, though he’s careful not to double sell any intel or mention Vhortas. They all load in the van once it finally arrives, and head back the safehouse to rest.

The next morning, they get a message from Stiletto, requesting a meet in the Aurora Warrens. This one seems NOT to be a trap, so they go, and meet her near to the Paradise Lost mall/zone. She tells them she got some critical intel that The Auditor is hosting a meeting with some corpo head honchos, involving some kind of tech demo. She knows the location and time, but not who will be there or what will be discussed or demonstrated, and wants to find out. So she wants to hire the team to get her in and help surveil the thing. They agree, and gear up at the mall shops nearby to get ready.

Otters flies Morticia down to get an initial overview, and sees that Stiletto’s intel looks good- there’s definitely some activity on the long-abandoned USAF academy campus, with a lot of movement centered on one of the more intact buildings. There are 4 sniper teams with good LOS covering the interior of the campus as well as all the obvious approaches, and a mini-drone aerial perimeter. The ground has also been made more hostile by releasing a large amount of Ethereal Centipedes, which as part of their toxins force their victims to Assense, making them very magically visible. The centipedes are kept from the busy area by some chemicals circling the structure.

Without being able to get a good visual inside the main structure, they plan to infiltrate on foot as well. Ruxpin and Echo will take out one sniper team and pose as them, with Heat looping or faking their comms and sensors as needed. Then, Heat, Aradia, and Stiletto will infiltrate the main building, with support from Otters via micro-drone, and attempt to figure out what’s going on. Aradia spends some time magically and physically disguising Ruxpin and Echo to match the sniper team they’ll be replacing, and Ruxpin sneaks in on foot with a masked invisibility spell on, while Echo gets dropped down via VTOL by Otters.

Echo blasts the spotter, dropping them in a single shot, as Ruxpin punches the sniper. Unfortunately, he is in human form and his blow doesn’t hit as hard as hoped, but he manages to get a shot off and finish off the sniper before he can call for aid. Echo quickly data-taps the spotter, with Heat diving in to swap in Echo and Ruxpin’s bio-monitor signals and monitor for any suspicion. Ruxpin and Echo hide the bodies and take up the positions, keeping an eye on things. They get a better view of the main building as well, and spot some guard patrols in the upper levels, helping Otters time VTOL drop-offs to get the other team in place without getting spotted.

That team sneaks down a few flights with the sniper team spotting for them, and Heat masking all their comms traffic. Heat uses his newest SkillSoft to pick a newly upgraded lock with Aradia’s aid, and they loose the drones into the main level. Otters spots some good hiding spots for the 3 inside team members in a nearby loading bay, so they stage there while the drones advance. They watch the feed, horrified to see a large collection of the stasis pods that they’ve seen before, almost all full and labelled as to the “quality” of the contents- mages, TM’s, SURGEd individuals, ghouls, vamps, etc- a wide sampling of different types of person, mostly with some special ability or other, though not all.

in an adjacent room, some techs are setting up some devices and running hardwire cables to and fro. No sign of the corpos or the Auditor yet, but Otters almost loses signal when a jammer is switched on. She tries to drive closer to get better feed, but almost gets spotted by snipers and abandons the approach, focusing on what additional noise reduction she can do. The inside team see the Auditor lead the group of a dozen corpos out, all of whom are wearing digitizing disguise masks, though Heat is focusing on their gait, clothes etc- other tells that can give them away in future once analyzed. The Auditor and the lead tech talk the corpos through their wide selection of subjects, telling them “the devices are almost ready, and they expect a near 93% success rate” whatever ominous news that means.

However, the Auditor interrupts the proceedings to say that AZT hasn’t held up their end of the bargain in terms of their security of information, and that an example must be made. After a subtle gesture, guards seize 3 of the corpos, one of who the team recognizes by his pretentious magic robe as Cehaulli, their AZT contact from Detroit. The three seized AZT reps, screaming their protests, are forced into stasis tubes and forcibly sedated, leaving them with horrifying rictus expression as the lids are lowered back over. With that done, the Auditor turns back the crowd, but this seems to have been enough for Stiletto, as she starts conjuring a fireball in her hands before Heat can stop her.

The Auditor looks up in their direction, seemingly detecting magic, and Otters and the snipers decide it’s distraction time. Otters watches on the drone feed as the Auditor calls for a fresh security sweep, and then promptly fries the drones with some kind of massive spell. Otters also suppressive fires one of the sniper nests, while Ruxpin starts picking off some of the others, with Echo on the comms posing as the spotter trying to sow chaos by claiming the other sniper’s that they are shooting at are imposters. This works for a moment, allowing Otters to VTOL two of the inside team back out, but then the other guards start verifying with code-phrases that Echo doesn’t know.

At this point they decide to bail, as Otters races the van around to grab them and flies the VTOL back in for one last pickup. Ruxpin and Echo replace the dead sniper team, hoping that will add a little more chaos, and dive into the van, as Otters cuts through the overgrown campus. They watch via Morticia’s overhead feed as a bunch of horrifying stitched-together Chimera are unleashed on the campus from some underground holding area, and start spreading. Picking up the 2 inside team members, they race away, with Morticia and the VTOL overhead, carrying the last member out- Heat, who insisted that “Creep” get out first, when he meant Aradia.

They make good their escape, and debrief with Stiletto, passing over the surveillance files. She apologizes for almost blowing it, but seemed to really want to take out some of those people when she could. She agrees getting the data out was the better move. She also confirms that the AZT data breach revealed some intel about their dealings with Dis, implying there’s an internal corp struggle going on. They assume that what they saw was a response or part of that then, but wonder what these devices are, and why they seem to run on metahuman batteries. Stiletto takes her leave and splits, saying she’ll be in touch when she has more for them, but not before arranging to ship a new prototype Grey Cell weapon to Ruxpin- a power first that can enhance his punches.

The team heads back to the safehouse, where Aradia gets a worried call from Kobold, who says she got a weird emergency message from Simonetta Chandra, and passes it along. It’s a video feed of Chandra racing down some kind of corp facility hallway while yelling at Aradia asking her “what has she brought them”, while occasional glimpses over her shoulder show what they thought was a child, the lone survivor or the missing AZT town, punching through CorpSec guards and gaining on Chandra until the feed cuts off in a splash of viscera. The kid definitely looks like the one they passed along to her, and Kobold confirms that the message looks to have been recorded around the same time the Auditor seized the other reps- so it looks like one faction may be cleaning out the other within AZT. Aradia calls Juan Xiuhuitl in Chicago to warn him to keep his head down, but loyal corp soldier that he is, he says if there are purges he is sure they are necessary, though he seems to appreciate the warning, and offers Aradia more work should she ever find herself back in the Windy City.

They rest, fitfully, and awaken to a visibly distraught and perhaps drunk, definitely crying Le Masque, who says that he wishes to hire them for some revenge. After some inquiries, the team uncovers that he appears to have been Cehualli’s lover, and somehow got news of his demise, and now wants to go after the best target he has for those responsible- a factory MCT set up to make more of Vishala’s horrifying Spirit/Sprite torture weapons. He has the location and says he’ll give the team the day to scout it out and make a plan before it’s time to go in. Heat isn’t happy with his negotiation on this one, but they all agree, and agree that these dangerous weapons must be stopped. Echo orders some heavier armor in preparation, and the rest of them check their weapons and ammo and get ready to go surveilling.

Place of Clouds to Zecorporatum to Denver
12/23/2024, 12:39:48 PM
Runners
Otters aka Roadkill
Heat
Aradia
Echo
Ruxpin

The team heads to Wuxing’s facility, and Aradia is delighted to encounter her old friend from the Battle of Chicago, Lu Wendao. He takes them to a private meeting room, where they make a deal to receive lodging, food and use of Wuxing’s portal to send the data packet they received from Aubrey Carter to Ellis, along with a short explanation Aradia writes up. Wendao tells them that Wuxing isn’t yet able to transit large quantities of people and materiel, but is very interested in learning from the Great Portal to expand their abilities in that realm. Echo tries to plant the idea that having a big, open, stable portal anywhere on Earth is a deadly invasion risk, but Wendao is not yet dissuaded.

In exchange, the team hands over one of the samples of strange rock that Heat and Otters collected from the ziggurat, as well as their mapping data and intel from Vhortas, with no info about how they came to be there. Wendao is delighted at the trade, and hosts them to a lovely Cantonese- style dinner with some astral ingredient substitutes. They sleep well, and the next day head to Horizon’s hotel/office, a combo of local and imported materials made to impress. After baldly describing their purpose to an overly friendly receptionist, they are quickly ushered back to the office of one Mx. Maud, seemingly another Dawkins Group operative.

They seem to know of Heat and Hype’s relationship, and perhaps viewing Heat as an ally of a rival is fairly dismissive of him. However, Echo and Aradia smooth things over and the team makes a deal to get access to a customized airship through Horizon to use for their job, in exchange for doing a celebrity escort mission to Horizon Resort Island on the way. Otters excitedly presents her plans to Mx. Maud, who says they will need about a day to mod one of their ships to suit. The team kills time around the Spire, with many watching the airship modification at the docks, a fascinating process. Their new ship, freshly christened the “No Strings Attached”, seems to be of the classic livewood airship stlye, rather than some of the manta ray/turtle, or other forms they see.

Hopping aboard once it’s ready, Otters straps into the “captain’s coffin”, the closest the dock carpenters could get to a rigger cocoon on short notice, and gets a feel for the rigging. It seems to operate on a combination of the principles of air and sea travel, which she it luckily well versed in. Heat loads up the barbed harpoon in the ballista, and they take aboard their VIP- a celebrity runner named Starstike, whose popular streaming channel Otters is mildly familiar with. Heat knows that Horizon is trying to recruit SS and others like him, and assumes this is kind of a co-production PR event to try to get him to sign on.

They all quickly find him pretty annoying, and Ruxpin ducks below deck and swaps back to human form, with SS disappointed that the bear he saw seems to have been dock crew and not ship crew. Echo gets some masks and costumes for the team at the Horizon tourist shop, along with a captain’s tricorn and epaulets for Otters to wear in the coffin. SS has a support crew along with- a rigger running cam drones, who the team tries to avoid, though SS assures them dismissively that any identifying details will be edited out. There is also a woman running hair and makeup, doing quick touchups between shots, a lawyer/manager type in a slick suit, and a subtle bodyguard who smoothly blends into the background and also avoids the camdrones.

The manager tries to get the team to sign some stuff, but when they refuse until it it reviewed by their lawyer he notarizes it anyway and says asking was a formality since they are aboard corporate property of their own free will. They get under way, not especially happy about who they’re carrying. Ruxpin mostly stays below and out of sight, and the trip goes smoothly. They arrive at Horizon Resort Island to find that the promo images at the hotel are more aspirational than realistic in terms of the current state of construction. SS seems delighted at the opportunity to rough it for a while, while most of the rest of his crew seems distressed at the unexpectedly non-indoors condition of much of the visible space. That said, it’s a beautiful island, and SS eagerly strikes out, avoiding the marked paths and head straight into dense jungle to make his way overland to the reverse waterfall he’s heard tell of.

With the rest of his crew following somewhat morosely, the team shouts that they’ll be back in a day or two for pickup, and heads out. They begin flying a perimeter while keeping an eye out, looking for the style of mining vessel they were told to expect, hoping to spot and intercept them before they get into the protected space near to the Spire. They do eventually see the ship after a while searching, it seems to be skirting the edge of the Great Storm. As the approach, with Aradia magically camouflaging their vessel to appear like an unarmed trading ship, they see that the crew of 7 looks a bit stressed and seems to be trying to hurry the ship along with some magical wind.

As they begin to approach, hoping their cover will hold long enough to start a conversation, they see one of the Dis Seeker ships emerge from the storm, seemingly ignoring the heavy winds and moving solely under magical power. One of the massive dino/drake Chimera leaps aboard the former MCT mining ship and tears the mage filling the sails in two, tossing the chunks overboard. Another Chimera, this one looking like some sort of human/bird hybrid, also flaps over, and bites one of the toughs on the mining ship, inflicting some kind of deadly poison. As Ruxpin scopes in on the targets, and Otters races the ship forward to get in range, Ruxpin sees that this second Chimera is another missing member of his squad!!

He takes the shot after Heat tells him to, and badly injures his altered former friend. The Dis ship takes a shot with some kind of keel-mounted beam weapon that Otters barely avoids, and Otters returns fire with the cannon, missing the Dis ship and badly damaging the miner’s vessel. She also manages to damage the larger chimera in another explosion, though the mining vessel is further damaged as well. Heat gets the barbed bolt lodged into the mining vessel as well, and some rat/child Chimera leap over from the Dis ship and start racing up the rope towards the NSA.

As the defenders on the mining ship are obviously out-matched, Ruxpin snipes the larger chimera, damaging it further, but also sees his old squad-mate poison another tough, as the big Chimera tosses another overboard. The 2nd mage on the ship also shrivels and dies- there is likely at least one mage on the Disian vessel. Heat, desperate to get something from this encounter, touchlinks to the mining vessel through the metal lined harpoon cable, and tells the rigger to flee to the NSA for safety and giver over control of their ship. The rigger briefly tries to negotiate before seeing how badly the tides have turned and calling the abandon ship.

He starts fleeing up the harpoon line as well, with Echo blasting the two rat/child chimera off with his shotgun. Otters fails to dodge the next shot from the Disians and takes some massive damage, with a hold clean through the hull. Aradia provides some leadership to all involved, and levitates the rigger to help, while the rigger leaves most of his drones behind to cover his escape. Unfortunately, the last tough is also left behind, unable to break free. Otters finally gets a hit on the Disian ship, but the explosion destroys the miner’s vessel, which starts coming apart in the sky and slowly dropping bits and cargo. Ruxpin yanks the harpoon free as the rigger hangs on desperately, assisted by levitation, and Heat and Ruxpin start hauling him in.

Seeing that the Disian ship is retreating into the clouds of the Great Storm again, and seemingly magically pulling the spilled cargo towards them, Otters decides to run for it, and books it, using some nearby islands as cover as Aradia magically changes the ship’s appearance again. The rigger, Artur Carolina, urges them to set down and helps Otters do some repairs on the badly damaged vessel, getting it functionally restored, though still without armor. Meanwhile, the rest of the team pulls a sneaky con, with Heat editing the footage of the battle to insert Starstrike into all the heroic moments, and putting together a data packet to send to Mx. Maud to hopefully get the team off the hook for damage to the ship. Echo and Aradia focus on tailoring the message to MM based on their interactions and observations, and they feel like they have a pretty good package by the time the ship is patched.

They head back to Horizon Island, and pick up the VIP and crew. SS seems delighted by his adventures and sight-seeing, while the crew looks half-feral from their day and night in the jungle, and very relieved to see the ship return, aside from the bodyguard, who looks smooth and unblemished and slips aboard without comment. Otters does some fine flying, giving the cam drones something to look at, while SS poses in front of various stunning vistas. Meanwhile, Ruxpin and Artur stay below and out of sight, with Artur using his last few micro-drones to keep an eye above-decks.

As they approach the Spire, they see a damaged Dis Seeker docked, which looks like it could be the one they encountered. Artur suggests they send their conned data from here, pass pilot controls to SS’ rigger, and get out of here via his backup plan exit. The team agrees, and Aradia gets an offer to work as a producer for Horizon based on how well she sells the reel they send. The surprised cam drone rigger takes control of the ship as the team all head belowdecks, with SS bidding them farewell and seemingly thrilled to see where his tour of the metaplanes takes him next. Artur pulls out a strange Tarot card- it seems like one of the alt decks version of the World, aka The Awakened World in the 6WT.

Having seen this used before, the team is able to gently help Artur activate it correctly without revealing how much they know about Tarot, and they choose to make a door back to Prime Software in Zecorp, wanting to finish their biz there and see if Heat’s moto is intact. They step through and find themselves back in the lab there, amidst some very surprised scientists and guards. They insist on a meeting with Salazar, who quickly arrives. They get the feeling he may have been planning to ambush them on their return but gave up when they were gone much longer than expected- it seems they wouldn’t be the first team lost to Caelum.

They pass over the shittier digital weapons that Scriniarii gave them, which Salazar seems a little non-plussed by, but he signals to the guards to let them go, since without an ambush this would be too messy. They head outside and Heat finds his bike both stripped of parts and fully shifted to the local paradigm. Not wanting to deal with it further and a little sad, he tosses the key fob to a surprised Salazar, who delegates some of his minions to haul it inside, seemingly a little disgusted. The team heads back to Barkins’ office, and finds Kenda de Santos awaiting them there. She takes possession of Artur, promising him safety from corp/Dis retribution in exchange for his info. She also tells the team they have earned more favor with Grey Cell, and they will have further work soon.

They exit, and the team is surprised as Prot0 enters. He asks for his copy of the Discidium, which after some suspicion and back and forth, they agree to provide so long as stays with them until they meet with The Collector and pass his copy along. Prot0 and Heat tagteam decrypting it, which turns out to be good as it was quite difficult. Prot0 gets his copy and seems content, but in a hurry to return to the material plane. Heat first pays Barkins to stay on retainer for future lawyerly needs, and they all turn over the documents that Starstike’s lawyer wanted them to sign, which seem like common indemnity waivers, and Barkins tells them not to worry.

They head out into the street, where Prot0 hops into his stealthed spider tank drone, and they get Arcane’s plant cat to blip over and get him to open the portal. He does so, and they exit into some abandoned building in the southern/rural FRFZ. Prot0 quickly takes off as they get their bearings, finding Arcane there along with The Collector, and a colleague he introduces as Kangee Ohanzee, who is delighted to see that his contact Ruxpin is working out well with the team. Ruxpin makes introductions and vouches for Ohanzee, with TC eagerly examining the Discidium. He reports back and confirms some of Heat’s worries- while this is a matrix weapon that could likely effect the Null, it might be too powerful, and could possibly destroy Foundation Hosts or sever them from the Foundation, and the effect might not be contained and could even be contagious.

Given that, it requires further study and may be too dangerous to use, with the risk of collateral damage. The team interjects here, telling TC that they also gave a copy to Prot0, which he isn’t happy about, but he says it’s done and they’ll have to deal with it. He pays up, and congratulates them on a strange and hard mission, as he heads out to do some crisis management. Ruxpin catches him and Ohanzee before they all take off though, as he wants to discuss what it means that his team seems to have been turned into Chimera….

Caelum to the Grey Lands to Vhortas to the Place of Clouds
12/16/2024, 2:12:03 PM
Runners
Otters aka Roadkill
Heat
Aradia
Echo
Ruxpin

With the Discidium (as well as the lesser distraction weapons for Prime Software) in hand, the team prepares to head out for Zecorporatum. Scriniarii seems interested in their offer of ongoing information exchanges, and StepMAMA announces that she is going to remain behind, embodied, for a while, in order to continue learning and researching, as well as experimenting with having a physical body. After some thorough questioning by Heat and Echo confirms that she seems to be making the choice of her own free will and isn’t being delusional about potential risks, they say their goodbyes for now, with her promising to return before long, as she has both the team and her other matrix friends and allies to consider.

The team leaves her behind once Echo retrieves Paris, finding them a little more powerful of an Agent than before, but not having experienced an Emergence. StepMAMA goes back over the Spark/Ei/etc as a refresher, and the team returns to Legatum to get “teleported” back to Zecorp. They strap into the chairs, and as the machine fires up and they are overwhelmed by the lights flashing on them, they hear Legatum apologizing, but saying that it cannot allow this weapon to be distributed. Apparently all of the disapproval they encountered in their search for it has some consequences after all! As they flash back into some other reality, they find themselves in a shoddier, crumbling dome, which seems to have further cracked and fallen apart with the shock of their arrival.

Unstrapping, they do a quick recce. Aradia finds that this world is magically dead, again, but more like a mana void than like Caelum’s strange absence of all biologicals. She checks and confirms with Echo and Ruxpin that their magic is also offline still. Heat manages to spot some distant electronic communications, and feels like he gains access to some TM abilities as he begins to almost understand them- they seem to share some familiarity with Earth tech, but have evolved along some kind of branching path from a common ancestor. Otters is unable to connect to it, so once again the Noosphere seems proven. They don’t seem to be in Zecorp, for sure, and Ruxpin spots the glow of lights of two different cities, one a little larger than the other.

Aradia also finds some expended canisters of some sort hardwired into the dome’s exterior. A bunch of the circuits and tech look jury-rigged and now thoroughly fried, and the canisters all look empty. Confirming with the team that these seem not dissimilar in function/intent of use to the manavoltaic rods they encountered in Denver, they assume that one or more of these rods provided the magical charge to the device that allowed them to travel here from the non-magical land of Caelum, but that either just through use or possibly because of the mana void, this has permanently damaged the machine and drained all the energy, so even if they knew how to work it, they have no way to power it to try to get home (or at least to Zecorp).

As they walk, Aradia and Ruxpin spot some dug up areas, and with some further investigation, they identify these as open pit mines that seem to have extracted Fovaeum, aka Void Rock. This is the strange anti-magic substance that they first encountered on the Mile High Realm, as a threat delivered by Disian agents to local law enforcement, such as it is. Apparently this is the (or one of the) places it comes from, implying there is at least some way to get to and from here occasionally, and hopefully in addition to the path via which they arrived. As they continue, they see that the mining seems to be clustered around grid points, as if the Void Rock has some kind of oddly even distribution, which could explain the dangerous mana void vibes in the astral.

The whole place seems grey, washed out, and despondent. The team all notices their ShadowCloaks getting a little more ragged, and Echo’s is gone entirely- uh-oh! The drones are also looking worse than ever- flesh embedded with smooth metal and plastic bits, turning a sickly grey. They embark towards the smaller city, with Echo deciding they’ll be likelier to be able to find useful intel/access to good contacts there. Heat starts to decipher some comms, and figures out that the 2 cities seem to be on the brink of a military engagement that neither side wants but also neither will back down from. Seeing a refugee column fleeing the rear of the city towards some nearby hills, they redirect towards that, not wanting to get caught in shelling in an unfamiliar city.

They also see an impressive array of surveillance and artillery devices, though once the tech seems kinda off- as if the material plane had split off around the time of the Awakening and developed further tech but without magic, nano, etc, in a state of constant war. Reaching the column, they find the expected civilians, but also patrols of camouflaged soldiers splitting off to set up pickets guarding the backline, and Commissars overseeing the whole effort, who they are quickly warned to avoid after talking to some of the people here. Oddly, everyone appears to be human- no metatypes, no obvious spirits, and Aradia is fairly sure spirits wouldn’t be able to survive here.

Ruxpin reluctantly allows Heat to ride him, with Otters already riding the Mule, to try to somewhat conceal the oddness of their party by posing as traveling entertainers caught up in the war against their will. Some of the old-timers and children are friendly enough but they get a lot of suspicious looks, but they do hear rumors that the caves they are headed to for shelter have some unsafe and mysterious deeper levels, which sounds promising as a potential planar transition points. Their only other lead is trying to find a crossing in the clouds to the Place of Clouds, but even with the looming grey sky weighing heavily on them, they can’t find any vertical elements of the terrain within sight to get them high enough. So they head underground.

In the rush for beds, chambers etc in the crudely carved hillside shelter system, they slip past the refugees and Commissars, and head deeper into the caves. Hearing some cries of dismay from behind them, Heat and Aradia decide to turn back to try to see what happened, but are quickly spotted, denounced as spies, and forced to flee back into the deeper tunnels, where it seems the people of this realm are unwilling to go. Aradia does feel some distant, sporadic shaking though, so it seems the shelling may have begun. Using Ruxpin’s nose and Heat’s knowledge of mazes, hard-learned at the Seelie Court, they navigate deeper, with Aradia finding that the magical suppression becomes less oppressive as they go.

Unfortunately as they navigate deeper in the pitch black cave system, Aradia’s nose ring starts to glow- bugs are about! Checking the walls more carefully, they find that they have gone from human-expanded cave, through natural cave, to bug-dug cave. Lacking other options, and feeling their magic return, even though it has a sickening twist to it, they continue on. This is especially necessary as Echo was starting to be effected by the despondency of the Grey Lands without their Cloak to protect them. The team is also getting dangerously low on supplies and needs to rest soon so they push on. They emerge into a large grotto, surrounded with tunnels inhabited by different species of bugs, their styles of nests and hives visible, all just barely expanding into the grotto but not filling it, oddly, given that bugs generally tend to swarm and expand as much as possible.

The magical members of the team hear some disturbing Whispers in their heads calling them to the tunnels, but it seems like all the different species overlapping creates enough cacophony that they are able to fend them off for now, but they are worried. Otters sends the fly spies ahead to scout, wanting to check out the odd structure in the center of the grotto- a massive tumbled stone temple, floating in a lake of ichor. The whole place has a sickly yellow/green tint, and the smell is appalling, a constant mix of death/rot/birth that nearly overwhelms Ruxpin, with his sensitive nose.

Otters spots signs of an ancient battle, using weaponry that looks like a historical version of the armaments they had seen aboveground, also back from around the time of the Awakening. There are also long rotted and desiccated insect corpses, which the team is surprised to see haven’t been consumed by the Hive. The team starts to speculate that perhaps the people aboveground were subject to an bug invasion (Invae-sion?) early in their magical cycle, and used such terrible weaponry in repelling it that they killed their world’s mana before it could get a firm hold, explaining why it seems to be so bleak and dying there. Whatever was used here could also explain why the bugs haven’t reused the space. Regardless, the temple seems enterable through some cracks in it’s upper tier, though it is upsettingly non-Euclidean- it has square corners, but the drones can only capture 3 faces of it on feeds.

Aradia levitates them team over in two groups, given the bad background count and not wanting to risk contacting the ichor, especially as Otters’ drones have reported both radiological spikes and a combo of poisonous and unknown chemicals and gasses emanating from various of the tunnels off the chamber. They enter, and find what seems to be a well-kept stash and resupply spot. Otters ID’s the gear as ARES spec, probably for an armor suit weapon system or an ALPHA, so not stuff they can use (including the unfamiliar MRE’s), but there’s a large padded bedroll, and whatever stone this temple is made of seems to block the Whispers to some degree, so they feel safe resting here. Aradia does psychometry on the bedroll to try to figure out who they may be dealing with and when they may return, while Echo uses their adept power to try to decipher the strange glyphs covering the interior walls.

Heat wants to explore the rest of the temple, but with Ruxpin unable to fit in bear form and Otters unwilling, gives up on it for now. Aradia snaps out of her magic trance and reports that this is the bed of none other than Aubrey Carter- Ellis’ lover who she had met while closing the Deadelus Station portal in space! With this, she leaves a sign outside in case he shows up so they don’t surprise him, and the team beds down with Echo telling the disturbing bedtime story of what the walls seem to show. It looks like the temple marks the arrival of magic, the coming of the bugs, a desperate fight to contain them, and the use of some terrible weapon to send them off, and the dwindling of magic as a result. It seems this may be a 2nd or 4th World equivalent relic for the Grey Lands, and could be both the source of the ichor lake and part of the explanation for why the Awakening never happened fully in that world.

They awake, somewhat rested, but hungry and thirsty since Echo has got them on a tight rations schedule, to find Aubrey Carter sitting in his flesh-melded spacesuit, with a weapon ready but not trained on them. he recognizes Aradia, and seems to put together who Heat and Otters are from some level of contact from Ellis. They converse a bit, and he confirms that they aren’t corrupted yet, and the temple keeps them safe. He explains that he and other scouts here call these bug-less artifact areas “xenosites” and speculates that they are sort of like pearls in Vhortas (the team is horrified to have confirmed that they are in the Hive, proper, and not merely some bug incursion on another place). Carter explains that there is some speculation that once bugs are able to convert enough of the biomass of a plane to their control, they are able to fully absorb it, expanding the Hive to encompass it, but that small poison areas such as this may end up contained and empty, making them “safe” for other explorers to rest and restock, though he warns them against assorted dangers they were unaware of and encourages them to stay in the top chamber only.

In exchange for smuggling out some research data to Ellis, he offers to get them some loaner Encounter Suits, which he says should give them at least ok odds of making it off the plane with his assistance, and tells them to stay put for a day while he goes to make arrangements. They do so, spooked by his warnings, though Heat’s nose for paydays gets him to get Ruxpin to start chipping some stone flakes off to bring back, until Otters and Aradia warn against the unknown dangers of doing so. the compromise ends up being that Otters takes some careful samples and seals them well with her new chemistry kit, and Aradia carries them in her biofiber smuggling pocket. Heat makes a note to get a cyber-upgrade version of that, also partially in memory of Creep.

After what seems like around a day, Carter returns with light Encounter Suits in tow, though he explains that Ruxpin will have to shift back to human form to fit, and the Mule drone gets laden with everyone’s heavier armor.Echo is also increasingly worried about their lack of ShadowCloak, as though they are experiencing relative time in concert with the others, their internal chronometer is drifting further and further off. Suited up, and with an explanation of the protective systems and the DESPERATE need not to get any punctures, the team heads out, with Carter leading them in a sneaky-peaky. They get past some worker drones up a few tunnels, cutting through an area where two different species are repairing opposite sides of some battle damage between them, reminding them of the feeling of endless war they trudged through in the Grey Lands the day before.

Unfortunately, they get spotted trying to bypass some more alert Wasp warriors, and switch to a Bounding Overwatch, laying down grenades and suppressive fire behind them as they flee, dodging stingers left and right and trying to avoid getting cornered or stuck in a direct fight. They emerge onto what seems like a surface of sorts, though it is still a sickly green/yellow light over everything. They see some horrid clouds surrounding the upper ties of some massive termite towers, and race towards those, with Carter carrying Aradia over his beefy shoulder as she struggles to keep up, and Otters having to slow her roll riding the Mule so she doesn’t get too far out ahead. The drones are looking even worse, with their flesh twisted and dripping, taking on some of the characteristics of the more hideous flesh forms.

Reaching the base of the tower, the Wasps break off pursuit as they come under fire from termite shamans in the tower, who seem to be reshaping and using the very materials of the Hive to attack with. Aradia quickly overcasts a massive levitation spell and gets them airborne, zipping them up past the termites and weaving wildly to avoid incoming fire as they lay down suppressive fire with help from Carter at ground level. Ruxpin, with his excellent nose, smells cleaner air somewhere ahead, and directs Aradia towards it, with Aradia also seeing the terrible background count abating a bit in that direction. Finding a tiny strip of floating land in the disgusting clouds, leading to what looks like a cave mouth floating in nothing, they strip off their suits and drop them back down to Carter as promised and dash through.

Although they all enter together, they are disturbed when Echo doesn’t emerge with them. They find themselves facing a large air-shipped, manned by spirits, with a large number of flamethrowers pointed at the charred sky island they have found themselves upon. Explaining quickly that they are peaceful travellers and not bugs or cultists, they agree to submit to testing and to travel under guard to the Spire where they will be required to receive a “letter of Marque” in order to freely travel with their degree or weaponry around this place. After about 20 minutes, Echo snaps in next to them, seemingly caught up from their time dilation, and helps close out the negotiation after catching up on the current situation at hand.

The team is brought on the ship one at a time and carefully assensed under guard for any trace of bug corruption, but it seems like the strange temple and the Encounter Suits worked, and none is detected- a massive relief. After confirming that the bear (Ruxpin quickly shifted back when out of Suit) is sapient but the drones are not, the captain of the vessel, an Air spirit, takes some reagent payment for their transport, and some further bribes for some intel. They have indeed reached the Place of Clouds! So they can follow up on their mission to Arleesh, and based on the number of material plane corps and orgs represented here, they think should have an easy enough time getting home. The Captain fills them in on some local geography and threats, including sky pirates and the Great Storm, and confirms some of the other rumors they were warned of by Kendra de Santos on Zecorp.

Pulling into the Spire, they see a massive floating city set into a huge cumulonimbus cloud bank, with airship docks extending up to a kilometer out in various direction, allowing for a lot of trade and transit. They Guardian vessel that brought them in drops them off but doesn’t escort them further, as they need to get back to their post, guarding against bug intrusions. Heat and Otters are both delighted to find a functional, familiar matrix, emanating from the material plane embassy district. It seems many planes are represented with embassies here, as it is a major trade and transit hub, including Faerie, Beasts, and all the Elemental types. They head straight for “their” area, and decide to first check in with the ASPS, finding a helpful spirit whose names seems fairly unpronounceable, and agrees to go by “Ai”.

Ai proves quite helpful, though it seems like the ASPS presence here is mostly informational without a ton of resources. However, they do accept nuyen! So Echo pays for a resupply, and they arrange to get a Letter of Marque through the ASPS to shut down some of the dangerous resource extraction happening here, which lines up nicely with their job for Arleesh. They also get intel on what all of the Big Ten corps are up to here- all present to various degrees, but with vastly different MO’s and ares of operation. They eventually decide to go through Horizon to secure an airship, planning to perhaps call in favors and/or do some work for them in exchange, as well as possibly seeking out other side jobs while they’re here. Ai provides a helpful catalogue of airships, and they start shopping, but are disturbed to hear that the Disians have a presence here as well.

With Ai also restocking their travel supplies, and assorted kiosks, food stands, restaurants, and lodging around, they prepare to rest a bit and then get back to work.

Zecorp to Caelum
12/9/2024, 11:42:03 AM
Runners
Otters aka Roadkill
Heat
Aradia
Echo
Ruxpin

The team continues their meeting with Barkins. He passes Aradia a wrapped bundle, saying it was sent at her request, and she explains to the team that it is her weapon focus, a special artifact blade from Seattle. Everyone thinks this is cool, with Aradia explaining that due to it’s ability to compel spirits, she didn’t think it would be safe or appropriate to carry in Denver. Heat gets distracted, noticing some biomechanical go-gangers checking out his parked bike out front. He and Ruxpin step outside to see if it’s going to be trouble, passing Kendra de Santos (Arleesh’s Voice), as she enters.

Out front, Heat confirms that he rides the bike and not the bear, but successfully lies his way out of participating in a race. He does this in a mildly embarrassing way though, and the go-gangers all spew exhaust out of their pipes and bio-ports and sphincters as they exit, and he and Ruxpin see Heat’s bike de-rez a bit and get actively “less cool” in response. Inside, Aradia and Echo converse with de Santos, while Otters observes it all. KDS wants them to take on another job for Arleesh/Grey Cell while they are on the metaplanes, if they can fit it in.

Apparently an MCT extraction crew has gone rogue and offered up their latest haul to the highest bidder, which is how GC got wind of it. The team is to head to the Place of Clouds (a hyperplane of the Plane of Air), and intercept this shipment, as well as fending off any other buyers. This will allow GC to analyze what MCT has been up to in their metaplanar extraction efforts, as well as who they might be selling to. She also shares the dossier they have on the Place of Clouds, giving the team a solid briefing on what to look (and look out) for there. They agree, and negotiate for more GC favors as pay, and KDs agrees, giving them two of the strange alt Tarot that seem associated with Zecorp “for luck.”

With Heat and Ruxpin reentering, the team recognizes the two cards from the team file and decides to activate one of them, the Wheel of Fortune, immediately. They each feel themselves infused with some extra luck as the card separates into 6 fragments and they each consume their slice, with one spare stashed for later. KDS bids them farewell for now, but arranges to meet with them again via Barkins on their return, or make contact at The Spire, the lone city in the Place of Clouds. The team head out towards PortHub, the hacker bar, where they hope to get intel on how to connect with Corpworld, the Resonance Realm that Perri wants them to try to contact.

Heat is a little embarrassed to be walking his bike, so Otters hops on his bike and starts rigging it, doing a slow motion wheelie alongside the walking team while Heat clings on to both bike and Otters’ VR-locked body. The passers-by don’t seem impressed, and maybe a little annoyed, but noone fucks with them, possibly due to the armored bear with a melee-hardened sniper rifle. They reach the bar and all enter, with everyone (except Ruxpin, who just walks in) successfully striking a cool pose as they are stylishly backlit on entry. Looking around, they see various styles of hacker, with a heavy emphasis on the retro and the biomechanical again.

Echo heads to the bar and is initially disgusted and rebuffed by the bartender, who seems to be most of the behind the bar equipment, sliding a torso along a long sinuous body tied into the various taps and terminals. The bartender lures Echo back with an offer of Celephais Dreamwine, which Echo accepts, and Otters also requests upon hearing this exchange. They both have a strange trance-like dream that lasts much longer for them than for their team-mates, with their ShadowCloaks degrading somewhat but protecting them from the worst of the time dilation. They do both gain some level of insight, though Echo’s is more full-fledged, as Otters’ chosen emotional limitations prevent full engagement.

Aradia and Heat chat up some hackers, with Heat impressing them with his relatively advanced skills and tricks, as well as his TM abilities, which seem rare here, though not unheard of. They get some more intel on the MCT TRU-13 teams with the captive TM’s, who seem to be seeking crossings between the metaplanes and Resonance as well. They also hear tell of some strange “techno-magicians” who accompany teams of “baldies” when they are seen on the plane- based on the descriptions of one of these techno-magicians who ran away and shifted form a few times in doing so, they think this may be where Ersatz/The Refugee escaped from- and that he was indeed working for/with Disians prior to his escape. The timeline checks out, so they plan to follow up on this upon their return.

They also hear some rumors about hackers, deep in corpo mainframes, finding strange and dangerous passageways to unfamiliar realms, as well as a lot of hackers who’ve gone missing of late. This certainly sounds like this could be either a nascent Foundation or a Reso Realm connection, so the team decides to investigate further. Based on the team file, they know ZCorp corpo’s will often trade for info on what their Earth compatriots have been up to, as potential hints to their future fortune. They decide to make an approach to an ARES/MARS exec, based on all they know about Detroit etc.

Echo tries to trade the bartender for more Dreamwine before they leave, but it is too precious, so they trade one of their bottles of gift wine for some kind of rich, diesel and blood-y spirit made locally. The team head’s to the MARS office nearest them, and talk their way in, with Echo ultimately presenting another gift bottle, and sharing a fancy liquor toast from a bottle from yet another plane known as “The Land Beneath the Sea”, that the exec bought from sandship trader. Echo secures Heat (monitored) access to the MARS mainframe host, and they head down to the sub-basement, disturbed to see that the local spiders seem to be melded into the machine.

One of the Spiders accompanies Heat and Ruxpin, who volunteers to wear a trade net and go along. He quickly has to leave as he is completely unable to navigate or make sense of the matrix. Aradia swaps in, and they explore the old-school node-based Host, with Heat eventually finding a strange anachronistic door back by their data stores. With the Spider confirming it isn’t one of theirs, Aradia distracts the Spider with seduction while Heat opens the door. The team outside sees one of the meat faces melded into the framework Host blushing from the seduction. Heat is overcome with a strange, rich, but unfamiliar Resonance connection.

This seems like the promised proof, and indeed Heat has a connection request waiting from T3chK1d, who seems equally astonished and enthused to have helped prove Perri’s UnITy theory correct. T3chK1d says perhaps they should be called “dataplanes” instead of Resonance Realms, and offers to help Heat get on Jackpoint based on this, plus is excited to work with Heat on the “Rate My Johnson” board update alongside SPYDer and others. With that, Heat closes the door, and previously seduced/distracted Spider starts taping it off til the corp can figure out what’s going on, as all Heat will say is that it isn’t a threat. They exit the matrix, and Heat finds another alt Tarot card in his pocket- the Sun, aka The Eclipse.

Heat initially wants to save this one to sell, as they review the team file and find that is has prophetic powers. The rest of the team votes to use it, with Otters especially eager to get a glimpse of the future. Given her self-centeredness, when activated, the card’s future vision focuses on Project:ANIMUS stuff, based on Otters’ interest. She luckily has become quite skilled at arcana, and interprets the dream vision fairly accurately, she thinks. It shows her two potential paths forward. In one, Horizon comes to control the ANIMUS technology, and Otters sees it’s use expanding deeper and deeper into the shadows, as Horizon uses it to further their own aims and quiet control.

In the other, Otters sees her, and various of the team in different potentialities, in NYC sometime a few months in the future, engaged in a variety of forms of intrigue and shadow biz, seemingly getting to make some choices that could effect the future of ANIMUS. When she snaps back from the vision, she very transparently refuses to tell the team everything and asks Aradia to go the ladies room with her. They find a gender-neutral bathroom to share, and Otters fills Aradia in a bit. Aradia is on-board for future NYC jobs, as the vision showed Gabrielle al-Thani as being there. They return to the team and tell them they have some fancy an exciting jobs in NYC in their future, though Otters decides not to trust/warn Heat with the Hype and Horizon intel.

They head out, and head next to the Prime Software listed address they can find online- Heat is able to remotely access stuff in the growing Noosphere in ways that Otters and the others can’t even detect. They once again talk their way in, this time asking for a software demo. The mid-level sales exec they speak with gives them access to a closed system to test it, and Heat sneakily touches it to gain broader access while also plugging in his commlink, as a cover. Echo and Aradia distract the exec with sales negotiations while Heat hacks in. He sees that their security software is indeed quite high-quality, and a bit unfamiliar, and could indeed potentially have originated off-plane.

He gets some files copied related to the creation of the software and related matters, and jacks out, since he has no idea how or what Grid Overwatch would be like here. The team get’s Prime’s CEO’s contact after conning the sales rep a bit further about the potential for a big cross-planar sale, and head out. Examining the files, they find that the devs on the software are all listed as Caelum natives, and that all their pay is sent to a single unlisted address on Zcorp- maybe where the gateway is? They head there, sending Morticia ahead to scout, and noticing that with no day/night cycle they will have to pay a bit of attention to when they will need rest- in this case, soon.

They spot a decent number of guards and cameras, and only one way in or out. They also see a CEO-style car in the fenced lot, with a fused in chauffeur face in the extended front end grille. Ruxpin gives a tactical breakdown of hitting it, and they decide to first try a peaceful approach. Heat calls up the CEO’s contact they have, and they get a slicked back hair guy in a fancy suit. After he almost gives them the brushoff, the team changes their approach and gets down to business with what they actually want, as well as what they know. The CEO seems intrigued, and tells them to come meet up at their private lab, and seems amused when they arrive about two seconds later, since they were just around the corner.

He ushers them in and Otters and Aradia notice that he seems to be a material plane denizen, posing as a ZCorp corpo. Wondering how he ended up here, Aradia briefly converses about his in-corp connections, and confirms he is a relative of Armando Salazar, though is perhaps a little out of favor or views himself as such, given this assignment. He seems to view the team as a potential tool to advancement, and though the team doesn’t feel they can trust him, exactly, they feel they can trust his avarice. He shows them the machine, which he claims is a full-on sci-fi teleporter.

The team is glad they didn’t storm the place, as it looks to take a team of 15 scientists to run and calibrate it all. Otters, Heat and Aradia all examine it and can’t quite tell if it is magitech posing as sci-fi or if this is something entirely new. Regardless, they agree to the deal- transport to Caelum and the item they seek, in exchange for other weapons they will acquire for Prime. The CEO doesn’t want to lose this deal, so pressures them into going immediately instead of resting, which they eventually do. They find themselves strapped into chairs inside a concrete sphere, with high-tech wires, tubes, circuits, lights and the like running all around.

Lasers start to play across them as they find themselves staring down an infinite light tunnel. Most of them manage alright, though Ruxpin is a bit overwhelmed. They snap forward in an instant, or maybe forever, and find themselves strapped into similar chair, but in a wholly different room, all made of perfectly smooth metal and shiny white plastic. A four-legged, four-armed figure is patiently waiting as they gather themselves, with Otters also noticing that her drones have transformed again to match the paradigm, now truly looking horrific as their odd ZeCorp forms seem to have been seamlessly wrapped in metal and plastic. That said, they seem to be running incredibly well. StepMAMA however seems to be having some trouble, letting out an agonized digital scream before rebooting.

The figure in the middle, after an appropriate time, introduces itself as Legatum, or Ambassador if they prefer, which Echo is delighted by until they realize they’ve lost their adept abilities, which bums them out. Aradia also tries to cast a spell and can’t even access mana, feeling like the drain hits but then doesn’t actually effect her. She also sees all her reagents, foci, etc are inert though intact. Also stressful. Legatum explains that in their perfectly logical world, they have eliminated magic by scraping their biosphere clean some time ago. When the team tries to inquire further, Legatum states that this is unfortunately from a time in history before their current advanced record keeping, so details are light.

They get the rest of the briefing- most denizens of the plane are genderless and use “it” pronouns, though a variety of others are also common. Violence has been edited out of their reality, which the team confirms, becoming more stressed as their weapons and attack “work” but do no damage, and the only pain they feel is the momentary learned response before their nerves catch up and report no actual damage. This further stresses them out, especially Ruxpin, who as a combat specialist feels a little useless. He also notes that he is unable to shift form, seemingly due to the absence of magic.

They ask a lot of hypotheticals, as Echo can’t quite conceptualize how a violence-free society could function. Heat is also distressed to find that he is unable to comprehend the local matrix, even though he can sort of detect it. Otters and the others can’t even see it, and Legatum explains it is an order of magnitude more advanced than their, so they shouldn’t try to interact with it. More bad news. Also, since the locals have all taken more perfect forms, there is no need for food, drink, or sleep. Legatum encourages them to remove their ShadowCloaks and join in, but they refuse, so Legatum tells them it’s good they brought supplies, and that they can rest wherever they like and everyone will move around or over them, as they can’t be harmed.

The team all hunkers down, with some of them crashing from drugs as well, which some of the locals seem to find quite repellent, and presumably illogical. They awaken and regroup, and Legatum finds them again to continue the tour, taking them around the pristine, sterile planes of sci-fi metal and plastic towers, temples and the like, explaining the plane is a place of knowledge and learning. As they try to steer the convo towards where to seek weapons, Legatum warns them that that is a taboo and not to speak of it. Otters asks after intel on mind alteration, and is directed off towards a library dedicated towards biologicals, while the rest head to the Temple of Knowledge, the largest structure at the dead center of the plane, where the Archive is apparently kept, hoping to find something there.

Otters gets some intel on mind tech, and heads back to rejoin the team. Meanwhile, the team has inquired after Null Sect, Tan Robes, and some other things, and found that the plane has little info in magical or EI threats, as they view themselves as safe from them, and also have only recently re-established outside contact with Zecorp, and thereby secondhand contact with the Material Plane. After their inquiries are rebuffed by a few more archivists, the head archivist, a horrifying mechanical centipede, comes and brings them to it’s office, introducing itself as Scriniarii. It seems fascinated by violence and unconcerned about sharing dangerous weapons knowledge with them, as they won’t be able to use it here anyway. It seems to view them as primitives, but be very interested in what they know.

They eventually agree to allow it to brainscan them, with assurances that the scans will be anonymized and not be publicly accessible for over a decade. Scriniarii says it is a nearly lossless process, but doesn’t specify to whom, and the team mostly emerges unscathed, though some of Ruxpin’s military training seems to have vanished. They do however get a copy of the Discidium as promised, as well as some trash programs, which Scriniarii derides as low-tech placeholders to tide Prime over, a mean joke which it seems to enjoy participating in. Heat is also able to get a little more info about the plane’s past.

Apparently, after some largescale die-off (the team is assuming the most recent Scourge/Horror attack), the less-advanced machine life here managed to make some kind of deal with another entity to get rid of the rest of the bio-life (which they viewed as violent liars), and start building their “perfectly logical utopia” that the team sees before them now. The team is all feeling pretty ready to leave this place, and hopefully get all their abilities back, so they say goodbye to this weird creep in the archive basement, and head out to seek Legatum and get sent back.

Deeper into the Mountain
12/2/2024, 1:13:01 PM
Runners
Otters aka Roadkill
Heat
Aradia
Echo
Ruxpin

The team, deciding not to attempt negotiations, launches into a gunfight with the Wendigo and their horde of feral ghouls. Otters in particular is surprised to see that there are two Wendigos as they usually work alone. With some careful use of suppressive fire, Heat and Otters are able to start slowing the ghoul hordes, though some ill-aimed grenades from both send the ghouls charging forward in two large groups on either side of the bone altar at the center of the chamber. Echo, setting their shotgun to a wide choke, starts thinning the herd with some well-targeted blasts, as Otters uses her Mule drone arm and winch to drop her body over the edge of the platform, suspended “safely” in the chasm.

One of the Wendigo’s charged Ruxpin after a near miss with his sniper rifle, and Ruxpin puts his melee expertise to good use, deflecting and riposting a series of devastating blows from the muscly adept. The other Wendigo, seemingly a mage, launches spell after spell at Ruxpin and the drones, but between Otters’ piloting skills and Aradia’s counter-spelling, they have little effect. Unfortunately, with Aradia as the lone mage left, her spells seem to suffer the same fate, so she focuses on leadership while levitating above the fray to avoid combat. Heat and the Lynx drone get swarmed by ghouls, but with the horde already significantly thinned out, both are able to muster their defenses and avoid harm (and hopefully infection!) while the rest of the team picks off the ghouls piled on them.

With the ghouls dealt with, the team all open up on the Wendigo locked in tense combat with Ruxpin, finally killing her. The other Wendigo goes invisible and tries to flee, but they gun her down as well before she can get far. Checking over Ruxpin and reviewing her knowledge of HMHVV strains, Otters is delighted that his armor seal is still mostly intact, and that Wendigo’s work more like vampires in terms of transmission. Heat gets a quick once over as well but in luckily uninjured, so it seems like the team got away with it this time. Ruxpin goes to investigate where the sorcerous Wendigo was fleeing, and finds a chest of “normie” disguises, most likely for the Wendigo’s to use when they had to travel to town or around un-Infected, and also find some brochures advertising a “safe and secure place” that can take care of feral ghouls- seemingly the basis of their cult here, if that’s what it was.

Heat and some of the others start to feel a little badly and wish they had tried talking first, but too late now. They debate trying to claim a Wendigo bounty with any of the groups that offer those, but realize it would be bad OPSEC if this is to be a new Nexus base, so sideline that plan for now. They also find the predated remains of various hikers and cavers who seem to have either stumbled upon this group of come close enough to get easily grabbed, and break down the bone altar into some saleable reagents, which they plan to send to Magician to maintain their good standing with that Court faction. They rest for a while, while Ruxpin and Otters (via drones) scouts the surrounding cave system. It actually is pretty good for their purposes: one small tunnel exit high on the mountainside, other paths closed off with stacked rocks but could be permanently demo’ed or opened up as needed.

They head back to the tunnel junction, and head down the other chasm branch, where Aradia detected Unseelie vibes. Feeling, more than hearing, some strange music, Heat starts to dance along with it, though most of the rest of the team resists. Ruxpin is also caught by the song, and they are both lured forward along a quite perilous path, seemingly without realizing how dangerous some of the steps, handholds, and jumps they are using truly are. The rest of the team tries to convince them to stop or slow down, but they are ignored, and quickly lose sight of Heat and Ruxpin around a bend in the tunnel. Those two continue ahead, quickly finding themselves joining a chaotic throng of dancers, all moving to odd, unfamiliar music, seemingly eminating from a castle at the center of what looks to be a medieval-ish town.

They both dance along, joining the crowd, pausing occasionally as their muscles spasm and cramp to drink from some open barrels of some kind of sweet mead scattered around. The rest of the team, worried and unsure what to do, continues advancing slowly. Aradia summons an air spirit to go try to break Heat out of it, who reports back via their astral link about there being some kind of metaplanar crossing ahead, and is itself quickly lost to the dance once it enters and finds Heat. Aradia releases it from service but it seems full under the spell, and remains dancing.

As they reach the crossing, they see an almost seamless transition from tunnel to town, but can see it is all rotted and ruined, strewn with the long and recent dead, as dancers fall away from exhaustion, with fresh ones hurrying to join the queue. The barrels of mead are turned, and sickeningly sweet, and the dancers seem unaware of dangers around them, dancing off the tops of ruined towers as they try to take illusory steps, falling through holes in ruined floors and bridges, etc. The “music” sounds more like the wind whistling through ruined structures and the stamping of feet than anything pleasing. However, Otters start to see the appeal of it all, just for a moment, before Echo gets StepMAMA to blast loud static into everyone’s in-ears, with Aradia commanding them to return.

This snaps Otters out of it, and Heat comes to partially through the pain of dancing so hard that he has injured himself. They end up having to knock Ruxpin out and levitate him back, but they escape and get back to the tunnel junction, though Aradia feels bad leaving the air spirit behind. They decide that since nothing follows them, this could actually be a good security feature, with the right precautions taken, and then everyone spends a little while trying to dissuade Heat from incorporating too much of what he heard there into his music, which he seems very interested in doing. They rest for a spell, and then realizing that there drugs are starting to wear off, they head back to the van and field hospital.

With Aradia and Heat crashed on Novacoke, and Ruxpin injured, Echo does some careful management of personalities to get a reasonable camp set up, and they spend a chilly night, with Otters needing some supplemental oxygen in the high altitude. The next morning, they head back, and follow the manufactured tunnel past the junction this time. They shortly find a large, intact vault door, which Heat and Otters spend some time tinkering with to apply power and bypass the mechanical locks before convincing it to finally open. Inside, they find a musty but intact poured concrete bunker, stripped of any paydata similar to the field hospital, but with some (decades-a century old) survival equipment left behind, and plenty of space.

After scouting it thoroughly, they don’t find any other access points, so this seems perfect. They find a few cars for cargo and passengers that fit the train tracks, but there’s still no power and enough breaks in the lines that it will be some work to get them up and running. They write up a report as they hike back out, with Heat occasionally making everyone uncomfortable with some jokes about dancing. They reach the surface, cover the “secret” entrance back up, and drive out of the mountains, with Heat reporting in to a very pleased Perri about what they found. He spends some time composing music based on what he remembers hearing versus the sounds recorded on the TacNet, and sends it Richie Macey to see what effect it has.

Macey report that he’d be interested to hear more, as it is certainly unique, but that he doesn’t quite “get it” as of yet. Heat tries to recruit Aradia into helping compose it more accurately, alongisde a Music Sprite, but gets talked out of it for the time being, though he plans to check in on Macey in a day or two to see if there were any lingering effects. Macey sends along some new rebel country stuff he’s working on about conflicted feelings about a new AAA corp in your region- more money, also more problems as it turns out. The team rests back at the safehouse and then stocks up on gear for the metaplanes, including new or upgraded shadow cloaks, restocked survival kits, and the like. Heat and Otters help mod Ruxpin’s rifle to work in his bear form, removing the trigger guard and hardening it, as well as increasing the size of some of the components, so Ruxpin can go to the planes in bear form more comfortably. Ruxpin confirms he is not to be ridden, though he will haul teammates out of danger as needed.

With Arcane approving large drones and small vehicles for transit through the portal he will prepare, Heat decides to bring his motorcycle, and Otters brings a decent collection of drones. They drive to a rural crossing in the southern FRFZ and meet Arcane, and Aradia is excited to feel some tracings of Quimbanda in the choice of location. They all hang and chat a bit while Otters remote pilots the van back to the safehouse. Echo impresses Arcane with a gift and butters him up a bit, which he seems to appreciate, and the team also fills him in on their strange recent astral experience. He tells them that they were lucky to survive an encounter with Reproach, a fallen Court of the Wild Fae, which has been overcome with something known as the “Dancing Sickness” or the “Dancing Plague” which often proves lethal to visitors and those caught in it’s spell, for the purpose of endlessly sustaining the courtly fun of the lord of the realm and his courtiers, who flit from body to body as they fall.

Fargus Sol also reports in from Grey Cell, with some updates on McClure, the AZT exec they helped extract in Seattle. They’ve been debriefing him extensively, and AZT has been moving hard to take him back, levelling a not insignificant portion of a few cities and town near places he was rumored to be, without success so far. Lots of AZT experts in the shadows (JP etc) have been going dark or reporting hit squads coming after them (if they survive). At the same time, bounty boards start posting a lot of high paying gigs with hacker targets. It seems AZT is worried about what kind of accesses and backdoors McClure may have set up before his exit, as he apparently also took a large sum of funds with him through some clever accounting. One early piece of intel is that AZT has been devving tech to mess with the metaplanar barrier, likely using help from Dis. The AZT/Dis relationship seems to go back over a decade at least, which predates any known contact besides the First Expedition to the Seelie Court.

Arcane wants to know more about the access point to Reproach, so they give Perri his info, and she says she’ll get in touch with him about consulting on magical security since he has a good rep, so long as he agrees to the Nexus’ terms on security protocols for visiting the site etc. With that done and the van finally parked, Arcane smoothly opens a portal into a familiar low-lying alley in the Zecorporatum sprawl, and the team heads through, with Heat wheeling his bike for now since the others aren’t mounted. The team sees the bike, alongside the Mule drone and Morticia, start to conform to the local biomechanical paradigm, though their shadow cloaks protect them once again. They take a look (and smell) around, also in the matrix and assensing. Heat notices that Perri seems to be onto something- the Noosphere has notably expanded here since their last visit, and in ways that only Heat can detect- so it isn’t full wireless matrix, but is a sort of Resonant energy generated by technology, it seems.

They also, more upsettingly, see some Null-like vines creeping in from a few open sewer grates, cracked windows, and the like, always kind of at edges, in dead-end alleys, and the like. They do spot one team in containment suits, with 5 armed individuals seemingly controlling or sort of steering a 6th. Heat gets a faint warning from that 6th figure to “stay back or they’ll get you to” and Otters recognizes the style of containment suit as belonging to MCT’s TRU-13 esoteric research division, so they assume this is some MCT black op involving a kidnapped TM. Heat wants to help but holds off for the moment, wanting to get a better sense of things here first. They head to Batholomew Barkins, Esquire’s office, and contract with him get some local intel and leads, as well as to leave the plant-cat spirit that Arcane sent along at his office. This way, they can (hopefully) easily track down the plantcat again when they are ready to contact Arcane and get portaled home.

Paying Barkins in reagents after some negotiation, they get intel on a local hacker bar to check for info on possible connections to Corpworld, where Heat is supposed to try to contact a TM named T3chK1d to prove another theory of Perri’s. They also get some intel on the vines/MCT, though MCT (as with all the corps) seems to have a slightly variant local presence. And finally/most importantly, they get a lead on tracking down the Discidium- a local AzCorp subsid called Prime Software apparently sells security ‘ware that they claim is built by thinking machines, which Barkins hasn’t seen or heard of locally, so assumes must be some secretive off-place contact they have. This seems like a good lead, and Barkins reminds them that ZCorp is a great planar crossroads, so they have high hopes of finding the things they seek without too much trouble, and head out into the ever-present gloaming of the plane, the rain-slick street shining with the reflected lights of the enormous tiers of towers all around them.

Missing Farmers and Cave Diving
11/25/2024, 3:16:49 PM
Runners
Otters aka Roadkill
Heat
Aradia
Echo
Ruxpin

The team helps the Nexus bulk up their defenses at their current lone site, both physically and in the matrix, as Otters patches the van back together with lifting assistance from Ruxpin. Echo looks into Spyder’s background a bit, and finds nothing overly suspicious, so Heat hear’s Spyder out on his proposal to start a new, global, version of “Rate My Johnson”, the Chicago-area ShadChaps sub-board. Spyder sells Heat on the rep-based system, tiered memberships, and free/pay per use accounts for those who can’t afford the subscription. Heat agrees to lend a hand getting it going in the background, and gets a list of the other early founders/admins- a pretty impressive spread. He also instantly turns around and calls Hype, tipping Horizon to the new rep board so they can get in early. Some on the team are mildly worried about this, but also it was inevitable the corps would try to game it eventually so maybe it’s a good early test.

Perri explains a bit more about her UnITy Theory, based partially on Test’s Seelie Court research from back in the day, as well as Heat’s report of the emerging Noosphere on Zecorporatum. She explains what exactly to look for there to help confirm or deny her theory, and Heat is excited to participate. Aradia, having re-aimed the focus of her desire for vengeance for the Sisterhood of Ariadne onto APEP Consortium, retasks Kobold with looking into their activities around Denver, finding any odd rift device circles, etc, and pretty quickly gets a hit- there has been a recent sighting in the southern FRFZ, near Co Springs. Echo calls in some favors with Grey Cell, and gets intel from some of Mr. K’s old UCAS mil contacts about the shutdown effort for NORAD and other facilities in the Cheyenne Mountain region, also not far from Co Springs.

They decide to check both things out on the same trip, and go do some initial scouting, finding a well-concealed long-disused army hospital high in the mountains, almost directly on the PCC border, though not at a crossing. They then head over to check out the small farm town near where the APEP rift signs were reported. Aradia detects that the area has semi-frequent mana storms, with one just passing. recently. A small amount of research into the farm LLC also suggests corp ownership, and knowing some of the district’s secrets, Aradia calls up Simonetta Chandra, who doesn’t deny its one of AZT’s subsids in the region.

Otters confirms that there is no active matrix in the farm complex with Heat’s help, and observes all the large agri-drones seemingly operating on onboard auto-pilot while requesting links and instructions. No other signals or large groups of people around, which seems odd for the size of the community- likely a few hundred people at least usually live and work here. They poke around a bit, and scout with Morticia, and find some of the APEP rift circles spread out around the area, in a pattern that suggests they may have surrounded the townsfolk and herded them towards the center, possibly into the general store.

Otters gets her drone inside the store, spotting some strange modded Nezumi rats skittering about, as well as a pile of smashes up equipment leaking what seems to be some kind of medical fluids in the center of the room. She is quickly distracted by a sneak attack outside, with Ruxpin getting tackled by some sort of huge flesh monster, vaguely saurian but small-car sized, and Echo just barely dodging a charge attack from a chitin armored gorilla-esque being, due to their adept abilities. Ruxpin, from his new position sprawled on the ground, recognizes the gorilla as one of the MIA members of his former all-Shifter unit, Cal. However, the team doesn’t have the opportunity to attempt a non-lethal takedown, given the ferocity and single-mindedness of the two attackers.

The van takes some damage, and Heat is pummeled into the ground and badly hurt before the team is able to take down the two adversaries, who start to dissolve and fall apart as they watch. Studying them quickly, Aradia assesses that they are likely more of the “Chimera” that PPJ had been helping to assemble during his time on Dis. This also bodes ill for the question of what happened to Ruxpin’s old unit…. They investigate the area further after scouting carefully for more enemies, and find that the mysterious rats have fled. They also located the piled and wrecked remains of what look to be a few of the stasis pods they had previously seen used by the Auditor’s hirelings in LA. As Aradia and Otters take a look around for the magical and arcane, they detect that a massive ritual was done here and then cleaned up, as if a huge portal was opened, possibly either generating the mana storm or using it for cover, and the townspeople were dosed with a strange alchemical fluid.

Analyzing it further, they determine that it is likely a mix of a Nutrition potion and a mild dose of Slab, to keep people stably unconscious during their time in the Valkyrie Module-esque bio-stasis pods. It looks the Dis/MCT/Null alliance has indeed somewhat turned on AZT as they are making moves against them this openly, though the team isn’t sure what this will mean. Outside, Echo and Heat are approached by a child, seemingly the lone survivor of the incident, who had snuck out of his aunt and uncle’s house to read comics in the fallout shelter under the town clinic, and then hid there from the “monsters” until the team defeated them. They have a brief debate and decide to hand him back over to AZT as he is likely a corp citizen there, so it seems like his best odds, as they don’t fully trust GW’s (or the Catholic’s) orphanage and foster systems.

They head out after taking some mana photos, and pass the kid (Randy), the developed mana plates, and the intel along to Simonetta, who thanks them, and agrees to their request to bring their team in on any related future work. Otters also makes contact with Moreau, and debriefs him on the Chimera they encountered (including a strange bird they didn’t see but the kid did), as Moreau is helping Grey Cell collate a database of Chimera types to try to figure out how to effectively fight them. He confirms that Shifters and other magical beings would be popular targets, from what he’s able to understand of the way that Chimera function and are built, which is admittedly limited by their tendency to rapidly decompose once whatever magic sustains them fails.

With half the team hurt or wearing damaged armor, they head back to the safehouse to rest, and Mr. K gets back to them with some leads on where to seek entrances into the labyrinthine complex(es) under Cheyenne Mountain. Happily, the most promising tunnel entrance is supposedly on the site of the abandoned army hospital they had discovered high in the mountains, so they plan to head there the next day and poke around more. Otters teaches Heat to drive a bit on the way down, until Heat realizes how this is reinforcing their odd dynamic and halts the lesson. During their more thorough investigation, they also spot some other strange sights around the mountain- a stone temple high up, surrounded by strong winds, some solar farms, an experimental electrical station, and a large protected area of interesting sandstone outcroppings. With nothing seeming like an immediate threat, they head up to the hospital and explore for a bit. They notice that all the direct road access ways have been demo’ed, decades back, and Otters doing some creative off-roading in the heavily modded van is the only way to get there short of mountaineering or aircraft.

There are some tags and signs of occasional habitation from over the decades, but nothing current, or even recent.They eventually find their way down into the sub-basement of a large building, and in near total darkness find a large strangely squared-off dirt patch. Aradia, feeling safely obscured, summons Earth and Air spirits to assist, and gets them excavating. After a short while, the team is able to descent a steep earth ramp through the filled in dirt and find what looks like a large cargo elevator at the bottom, still mostly covered in earth. From this, a large squared tunnel runs off into the distance, with old, somewhat corroded tracks and cabling running along the center of the floor. Aradia projects ahead, but worried about being trapped if anything gets behind her, turns back at the first junction.

She detected 3 paths, with different vibes. One way suggested intrigue, one predation, and one preparedness. As they approach on foot, they find that a chasm has opened up, with the tracks continuing over along the main tunnel, the direction of preparedness. Analyzing the other two directions, one seems most likely to lead to an array of spices and flavors that feel most familiar from the Unseelie Court at Knockma. The other direction smells of blood and rot, so they decide to clear that side first, and Aradia levitates herself along ahead attaching climbing lines, while everyone else follows. Otters smoothly navigates both her drones over with no trouble despite the extreme difficulty, and impresses everyone by following suit on foot herself.

Ruxpin has to double back and carry Echo across, and Heat refuses assistance and gets stuck halfway. As Aradia and the others emerge into a widening chamber, they find a large bone dais, atop which a pale Wendigo sits, starring at Aradia through her invisibility, and calling out to her Ghoul followers, who seem mostly blind, to attakc. Ruxpin drops Echo off and hurries to get Heat over to join the fight as combat begins….

Foundational Defense
11/18/2024, 11:23:07 AM
Runners
Otters aka Roadkill
Heat
Aradia
Echo
Ruxpin

While Aradia heals Heat, they both dash inside one of the bunkers, heading towards the server basement and accompanied by Echo. They pass Otters’ hidden body as she continues to rig drones to defend the exterior, with Ruxpin also remaining outside to snipe. Inside, Heat dashes down to the cobbled together server stacks that the Nexus is running the Silver Book programs on, and links up, holding out his hand for the others to touch so he can act as the link. Echo is familiar with this process from having done it once before, though without as powerful of an interface, and Aradia recalls her trip to the Reflecting Pool, guided by Chiron, so neither are totally thrown off, though it is still quite strange finding themselves thrust into the matrix in a way that feels as if it is realer than real.

Taking a quick look around, they find the Nexus defenders outnumbered by Null avatars (grey, white and black silhouettes) and barely holding their ground. SPYder has also jacked in and seems to be helping, but their other allies have yet to arrive. Heat dashes over to help Perri fend off some attackers and get instructions as the other two runners look around. They are in what looks like an accretion disk around a black hole, with different bodies caught up in the decaying orbit. Perri directs them to what looks like a planetary ring with no planet, and Aradia spots more Null there. This is apparently the entrance to the Nexus’ Foundation host, and Perri thinks it is how the Null gained access. They also see The Collector a ways distant, seemingly defending some kind of external connection against Null attacks.

The team head there, with Aradia providing some leadership for Heat and Echo to blast their way past the Null avatars guarding the entrance. They seem to be slightly better at their strongest abilities and worse at their weakest ones, and have digital representations of their most iconic equipment, although the damage values all seem kind of flattened out. It seems like some bizarre mix of the “usual” experience of a Foundation dive and the mental representational aspect of some metaplanes. Odd! For now, they breach into the Foundation host, and find that the Null have anchored it’s paradigm as some sort of factory.

Heat gets badly injured fighting his way in, and has to fall back to keep the other 2 connected, and while Aradia is able to sneak in, disguising herself as a factory worker and using “illusions” to distract the Null, Echo is quickly spotted and instead focuses on distracting the Null and not getting hit, though is also dog-piled and badly injured. Luckily, the Null seem not to comprehend Aradia’s illusions, and the silhouettes don’t seem able to comprehend that their attacks are not damaging them. Aradia finds she is only able to focus on one spell at a time, which is odd, but they do still seem to work, which is even odder. The summoned allies finally arrive.

The Captain, Magnum, an anonymous Grey Cell hacker, SimEON, SemPar, and Chiron all roll in, with Magnum, The Captain, and SimEON helping fight the Null outside the Foundation while the rest pile in there, alongside Kludge’s e-ghost. Aradia, having identified the Null Node as one of the 7 machines performing strange functions around the assembly line, heads that way and finds an access panel. Peeking inside, she spots some kind of Overseer Null that the team hasn’t seen before which seems to be instructing more of the silhouette avatars on seeding vines throughout the Foundation from the Null portal to the Deep Foundation. More disturbing, they are also using more of these vines to haul some sort of strange machinery up through the portal as well, which Aradia thinks looks upsettingly like the machine the Detroit team found in the Deep Foundation there.

She looks around the Foundation host outside the Null Node and makes eye contact with a few of the summoned allies who she knows, and Kludge, Remo, and Chiron fight their way over to help as she quickly explains the problem and the plan. They all enter the Null Node, and Remo is quickly killed by a focused Null attack, though Aradia is once again able to distract some of the other Null with illusions long enough for Chiron and Kludge to start damaging the vines and machinery. With the Node starting to destabilize under the attack and more Null piling in, Kludge tells Aradia and a badly injured Chiron to retreat, and they obey, with Aradia casting a critical Heal spell to stabilize Chiron. The Node collapses in on itself as Kludge disappears under a horde of Null avatars, and all of the hackers flee the Foundation host as it starts to shut down.

Outside, Ruxpin is upset to find himself a target for the first time- the two surviving vans pop turrets and are able to reach his position with their HMG’s! Otters pins down the advancing troops with suppressing fire from her HMG drone, and brings the team out of hiding, opening fire on one of the enemy vans. Ruxpin repositions and targets the same van, and they manage to take it out (it seems like one is being rigger controlled and one auto-piloted), just as Ruxpin is hit by a massive bullet from the other van, which nearly wrecks his armor. He returns fire, damaging the gun on that van, as it starts racing through the maze. The troops pop smoke and start advancing under that cover towards the bunker, where Otters is very concerned about exactly how well she hid her body.

Using the other Lynx drone, she opens fire with the AK while also firing with the HMG drone at long range, and pursing the enemy van with her van, managing to get into the scrum first due to her skilled driving and knowledge of the minefields. They do manage to take out 3 of the goons before both the AK Lynx and the team van are destroyed. Ruxpin manages to finish off the enemy van gun as well as Otters picks him up in the VTOL once it finally arrives and gets him down close to the fight. The 3 surviving goons sneak into the bunker, but get distracted by Ruxpin’s arrival outside and prepare an ambush for him. Instead of entering he goes after the enemy van as it tries to ram the VTOL and rips open the door, planning to attack the rigger inside. Unfortunately, all he finds is a homemade explosive, which sends him flying and wrecks the last of his armor.

Hoping to get into the wrecked team van to retrieve his other armor, he heads that way but comes under fire from the remaining goons, so much their (and Otters’) surprise, he transforms into his natural Bear form and rips them apart in short order as Otters does ranged fire with the HMG drone, the lone survivor of her once mighty fleet. With the guards dealt with, Ruxpin stays in Bear form and gets into his other armor suited for this size, and both he and Otters takes up defensive positions, watching for any more approaching enemies but seeing none.

Inside, Perri explains that the Null may have gained access to the site through some of the remote access bots the Nexus uses to limit physical access to the site, and then opened up the Null portal to get their troops inside. She recruits them team to help look for suitable additional sites they can set up in, and reports that SPYder has extended an offer from GW: if they stay out of his hoard, he’s back to covertly tolerating if not exactly supporting them, as he seems to have taken so much offense to a major attack taking place on his turf without his approval. Perri also thinks this is another recruiting effort for his TM “cult” as well, which seems likely.

The Collector explains he was protecting the secret hardline connection to the PCC’s “KivaNet”, which is a Nexus fallback in case they get fully shutdown, but that he couldn’t allow the Null through. The team also hears that the hacker Grey Cell sent was killed in the attack, alongside some other Nexus members- the Null seem to have access to especially lethal and unique forms of biofeedback that seem hard to defend against. However, the Nexus won the day, and Perri explains they will be abandoning Foundation Hosts for good to limit their future exposure, and going back to full brick stacks, and plan to mind and trap this site, closing off access to only secure hardlines and remote access, once they can make sure they can do that safely without Null infiltration.

The Collector recruits them for a job to head to the metaplanes again, seeking a rumored, powerful matrix weapon known as The Discidium, which he thinks can take the fight to the Nexus. He gives them the limited intel he has on it, and they confirm with Arcane that he can once again bring them to Zecorporatum to get started. Prot0 pulls them aside and insistently recruits them to make sure he gets a copy of the program as well so that he can continue to take the fight to all who oppress TM’s. Perri also recruits the team to try to do some research to help prove some theories of hers, that the Resonance and Magical spaces are more connected than previously thought, through the mental energy she is defining as “nous”, comprising the “noosphere” in a way similar to magical energy and astral space, etc. The team agrees, and then spends some time resting after a hard fight.

They spend most of the next day healing up, and assisting Otters with cobbling together a new team van out of all the destroyed van parts around the battlespace, managing to salvage most of their upgrades. Otters also gains full Jackpoint membership for writing up a report proving that Clockwork is a Null agent (for pay) which he gleefully confirms. As he hasn’t been breaking board rules while doing so he isn’t banned, but a lot of the users and mods are pretty horrified, though some of the more mercenary types just shrug and move on- a paycheck’s a paycheck after all. Planning to help the Nexus find a new home first and then head to the metaplanes the team finally heads back to the safehouse to rest again.

Distraction Attack
11/11/2024, 11:42:56 AM
Runners
Otters aka Roadkill
Heat
Aradia
Echo
Ruxpin

Otters carefully steers the team van away from the ARES/KE building, driving out of the ARES district of downtown Atlanta and getting on the highway, while the team stashes Collins in the smuggling compartment, hits her with the tag eraser, etc. Heat keeps an eye on the matrix, with Aradia watching the astral, and Echo and Ruxpin keeping a physical eye out for pursuers. They manage to spot and avoid a few speed traps and other law enforcement/highway patrol entanglements, and keep an eye for crash reports and other obstructions along the route, making sure not to get bottlenecked anywhere. Aradia spends some time calming Otters’ nerves with good success, and a bit less success with the same task on Ruxpin, who is repeatedly checking chamber on his weapon, checking van door locks, etc, during the longish drive to Nashville.

Luckily they arrive without incident. Calling the one-use number they were given for the Coyote, they are told to meet man dressed as Chet Atkins on the Music City Walk of Fame and pass over the subject. They re-disguise Collins as a Reba McEntire impersonator, and after scouting the scene and seeing nothing suspicious, pull up. “Chet” walks up to the agreed upon spot and banters while palming them a data chip and telling “Reba” to stick with him. They quickly get lost in the crowd as a tour group pulls up on a bus, though Otters follows with Morticia til they duck into the side door of a nearby music museum. The team assumes Chet will be re-disguising Collins and bringing her out in one of the tour groups, but lacking more intel gets on the move again.

Since Heat wants to party in town and check out the music scene, they stay the night, calling into Chaplain to report job done (confirmed by their reception of the data chip), and get paid. They also notice that another glowing favor mark has been added to their Grey Cell challenge coins, so apparently GC was involved in this job to some degree as well. Echo gets a hotel room with massage services and a pool and relaxes hard, while the rest of the team parties, with Heat and a few others receiving some magical Detox assistance from Aradia first, followed up for some by a dose of Long Haul. They work their way through some tourist bars and eventually get some local tips on the actual scene, and Heat makes a connection to a soulful young glam rocker named Richie Macey, who seems conflicted about contracting with Horizon vs staying indie. Heat promises to set up a show for him in Denver, and is also conflicted since the rocker seems to idolize Johnny Silver, but this could be a good get for Horizon.

They head to New Orleans the next day, and spend another night partying, aside from Echo, who hotels and pools again, this time joined by Otters. They experience some new Fractal music, an AI/EI-friendly genre that only Heat seems able to comprehend, and then catch a set by the legendary street punk ensemble Fragging Unicorns, which is a shambolic mess but good fun. Otters gets the van down to the port to get shipped overland by Chaplain’s contact with all the illicit gear, and the team flies back to Denver, ditching their job SINs on arrival. Aradia and Otters both throw in to help Ruxpin get a better SIN for getting about town on the daily, and they head to the safehouse after Ruxpin reviews and signs the team norms.

Heat crashes out for 2.5 days after the Long Haul jaunt, and the rest of the team mostly restocks gear and rests up while Aradia takes care of some biz. She has a meeting with a new Shiawase contact named Midori Koki who offers further employment and pay opportunities for metaplanar crossing intel, and intel on the planes in general. Aradia checks in with Arcane about his Wild Fae connections, and gets a decent amount of info- primarily that contrary to how they are presented at Court, the Wild Fae have their own, smaller, Courts, factions and divisions, and are not a unified group. Aradia wants to follow up on the metaplanar strip mining rumors she’s been hearing, but Arcane seems uninterested in being involved in Courtly politics, though he passes along the location where his mother can usually be found, it the team finds themselves needing her assistance.

With rent and upkeep costs due, the team gives some info on what Tarot cards the Black Lodge are after to Horizon, and puts Darien Black (who very carefully doesn’t ask after PPJ) in touch with the Magician faction, either to share knowledge or as a potential new recruit. Heat wakes up to a couple of messages from Hype and calls him back, and is told that there is a Shiawase MFID agent named Midori Koki newly arrived in town, who should not be trusted under any circumstance. When Heat seems not to know what this group is, Hype suggests that the MFID is basically Shiawase’s version of the Dawkins Group, but is more hammer than scalpel. Heat passes the warning to Aradia, but given where it comes from the team isn’t sure it can be trusted objectively. So they plan to proceed with caution either way, and Aradia pays Kobold to find a little more intel on Shiawase Daigou, suggesting that although he is officially retired, this seems to have freed him up to be more involved in high level black ops, and that he also likely has access to hardwired X-Guide killcodes in Seattle, that he gained access to by acquiring so much Renraku infrastructure there.

Shortly after the van arrives back in town, Heat gets a somewhat frantic call from Perri and patches it through the team- the Nexus is about to come under attack again and they need defenders! With the promise of future pay, the team loads up their mission gear (most of which was already in the van) and they head up to Boulder, approaching a site that Echo recognizes as an old UCAS government fallback site and atmospheric monitoring position. This is the former Gamma site, upgraded to Beta site and likely currently Alpha site, as the Nexus lost some of their other positions over the years. It looks very disused and is well off the beaten path and tucked into some mountain near the border, so it seems reliant on obscurity rather than high security for protection, and there don’t look to be a lot of good retreat options.

As they approached they are sent a countdown timer (presumably to adversary arrival) and Heat gets a message on his secure Turing Army ops app, telling all who get it to head to the same location for a major strike against the AI and their allies! So they can assume they may be going up against the TA, and start wondering if the Null Sect is behind this, given their skill in manipulation. They are also sent an AR map, showing them a safe path through a maze of wrecked and rusted cars that block the approach to the partially buried low concrete bunkers that make up the facility. They pull the van into the largest one, and Perri greets them, explaining that they got a last minute warning of an impending attack and that the team are basically the physical defense. The overgrown bunkers should provide decent passive magical protection, and the Nexus has good matrix security, though she shows Heat quickly the path to the server room in a cavernous basement in case they need assistance there as well.

She passes over control of the Nexus’ drone fleet to Otters, who is quickly swaps a few weapons around between them and her own drones to optimize. She hides the van up in the mountain to be able to bring it and it’s HMG in behind the attackers as needed, and Ruxpin and Otters’ Lynx find a concealed sniper post at a decent range up the mountain. Aradia makes herself invisible and posts up on top of the tallest bunker, with the other Lynx and the 6 Doberman drones positioned at ambush points in the car maze, along with Heat and Echo. Otters parks her body inside in good cover within signal range, and they wait for the attack to commence. 4 black vans race in, crashing through the perimeter fence, and two of them start cautiously proceeding through the maze, with 5 heavily armored goons from each of the other vans following on foot, lobbing grenades over the tops to clear mines ahead of the vans.

The two emptied vans park across the entrance they’ve rammed into the fence, to protect their backs and maybe prevent escape attempts, which blocks Otters’ concealed van out as well, unless she shoots/rams through. The team tensely waits as the opps cautiously approach, until Aradia makes an executive decision and uses her magic pact to cast a massive area of Foreboding over one of the advancing groups. This causes the van to accelerate as the 5 behind it slow their advance, keeping to cover more, creating some opportunities. With the one van out front in the open, Echo and Ruxpin open up on with sniper rifle and shotgun, alongside Otters with one of the drones, making short work of it. 5 more goons pile out and race towards Echo and Heat but are also quickly gunned down by those two with assistance from Ruxpin.

Meanwhile, Otters has used missiles from the other Lynx as well as the pack of Dobermans to pin down and damage the other advancing goon squad behind the intact van. Heat races over to that side and gets blasted bad as goons from that van exit once it also gets wrecked. Aradia is frantically moving her Foreboding field around to effect the most targets while also making both Heat and Ruxpin invisible. Ruxpin is swapping positions between shots as well, and combined with the range he’s at, the goons seem unable to hit him. They do manage to take out all the Dobermans, and also hit Echo pretty hard before most of them get dropped as well.

With only 6 goons and two possibly empty vans remaining, the team gets another frantic call from Perri- the physical attack seems to have been a distraction! The main Nexus host is under attack from the Null Sect, and they need help. She tells Heat they are running the Silver Book program, so the team just needs to get downstairs to the servers and touchlink in. She also requests they call any hackers they know who can get there in time, and the team rounds up an impressive list of contacts to get people to turn out. Deciding to split the party, they leave Otters with her van and drones as well as Ruxpin outside to mop up, while Heat, Echo and Aradia head inside.

Aradia quickly heals Heat as well as she can using her magic pact and they race in, headed for the musty basement full of every age of stack, server, cable and connector, all hodge-podged together. They also see some thick cables running off into the distance, implying some exterior connections of some sort. With their allies summoned, they prepare to jack in and try to hold off the Null Sect while the gunfight continues outside!

Hitting ARES At Home
11/4/2024, 5:33:49 PM
Runners
Otters aka Roadkill
Heat
Aradia
Echo
Ruxpin

The team takes an overnight biz class flight from SeaTac to Atlanta, with their fake Seattle job SIN’s getting them through customs without any particular trouble, though the social members of the team have to briefly explain away Ruxpin’s strange noise-generating phenomenon. They arrange to meet Chaplain, Echo’s contact, in an airport mall steakhouse, where she says she can secure a private room and brief them on the job. They also contact Fagus Sol and debrief on the previous extraction, getting paid and congratulated on a job well done, with Grey Cell “challenge coins” provided to those who didn’t already have them from Detroit.

Aradia turns around and requests a favor from Sol- that he look into the Tarot set that both Nadja Daviar and the Black Lodge are seeking, and see if he can make any further sense of it. He gives them an initial breakdown of his thoughts based on his innate knowledge of the cards, but says he will report back if/when he discovers more. They head to the steakhouse and notice that it seems the guards and sensors have been bribed and/or programmed to ignore them as they are seamlessly ushered up to a private second floor meeting room. They find Chaplain waiting with some decent wine in chillers on the table.

She instructs them to order, eat and drink after their flight, which they do, engaging in light convo til they all finish. Chaplain has a very military vibe, and Echo confirms she’s another Colloton loyalist, though she also seems to have left the military recently and gone into the shadows, according to what little the team can find about her online. As everyone finishes eating and switches to coffee and cookies, she explains that a disgruntled ARES employee, Denise Collins, wants out, and that Chaplain has been engaged to assist with that, and transfer her to her new employer. She won’t elaborate as to who this may be, though Echo surmises that Colloton or other UCAS/anti-corp loyalists may be involved.

She offers solid pay, new job SIN’s, and the use of the room to review the dossier and plan for the rest of the afternoon. After some negotiation on the finer points, the team agrees. The job has two stages, with some sub-steps as well. They need to extract Denise Collins while making it look like an assassination, at least long enough to get her into the hands of a coyote in Nashville who will take her on the next leg from the team. They also need to, undetected, plant 1 bug in each of 4 conference rooms used by ARES in-house counsel on the floor above Collins’ office. They agree, and Chaplain heads out, providing one use burner numbers for herself, Collins, and the coyote.

Reviewing the dossier, they find a psych profile suggesting that Collins will be cooperative as she initiated the extraction through UCAS contacts, as she works in the Knight Errant magical research division, with specializations in Health magic and Metaplanar threats. She recently received a promotion after the move to Atlanta and has apparently seen worrying intel that she was not previously privy to. The dossier does not explain what intel. Also, as a lifelong Detroiter, she seems to have resented the way that ARES treated and then exited the city during the previous year’s bug crisis.

The team has extensive intel on building security, layout, schedule etc, as well as Collins’ schedule, and gets to work reviewing these and formulating a plan. With a few days to wait for their job gear, they decide to take Atlanta’s modern public transit over to the area, a new development biz zone on the edge of Downtown. The massive influx of ARES personnel and money seems to be shifting the center of gravity in the city towards ARES, with no other major AAA competition visible. Otters also finds some reports on the boards suggesting that ARES may be trying to foment unrest by arming and funding both pro- and anti-corp forces in order to themselves gain further power and control, with some speculating that the corp may be trying to create their own version of Aztlan’s relationship with AZT, but in the CAS.

They also hear some reports of a major shootout and undercover AZT incursion into Texas, seemingly trying to recover a lost asset, and think this may be related to their extraction of McClure in Seattle, as Grey Cell is likely moving him around a lot. Scouting the building, they find that the dossier seems accurate, but also gain a few further useful details to incorporate into their plans. They decide to tackle the bugs first, since they don’t need most of their gear for that part of the job. Heat flirts it up in the on-site bar in the lower floors public mall and arcade area, and gets invited up to employee housing. He purposefully has a not very memorable but not bad time, and gets some good interior security and protocols intel.

The next day, Otters builds a custom drone in the shell of one of the cleaning robots the ARES building uses. She adds two manipulator arms, one with tools and one with a data tap, as well as a small smuggling compartment for the bugs. They wait til the late evening, and then Aradia makes the drone look like one of the building security roto drones with a spell, and invisibly levitates herself up to a drone port on the floor of the conference rooms, while timing her ascent to avoid the watcher spirit patrols, as well as masking her spellcraft. Otters and the rest act as spotters on the TacNet to keep Aradia from getting clipped by any other drones or aircabs on the way.

At the 43rd floor, Aradia flies the drone up to the drone port, and Otters uses the arms to crack it open and jack in. Heat uses the direct access to bypass the public host and hack into the nested security host, adding the drones spoof chip to the approved users list for the port, while heading from the patrolling IC and observant Spider in the system. After the drone enters, with Aradia dropping her spell and descending, Heat removes it’s ID from the security list, and adds it to the approved cleaning drones for that floor. He stays in just long enough to confirm this gives it access through the small cleaning ports in the doors to the conference rooms before bailing out as his GOD score is dangerously high.

Otters pilots the drone around, using it’s gecko-tipped arms to carefully hide the bugs in obscure locations. She then takes the drone over to the main trash chute, partially disassembles it, and drives it in along with it’s assorted parts, to cover their tracks. They head back to the airport coffin motel again to rest, and finalize their plan for the extraction and faux assassination. The next day, Heat sets up a fake escort website, and programs a disguise mask for Aradia to match a profile. Aradia calls Collins to get her to book her fake profile for the evening, which Collins does, and also coaches Collins on how to behave and what to wear to not raise suspicions.

Ruxpin and Otters head to the river, and find some of the massive Mimic Snakes Otters heard rumors of basking and digesting in the sun. They trap a few and Ruxpin tears them open, finding some partially digested human and animal parts, which they bag up and mix with some acid and quicklime from a hardware store. They buy a fancy duffel bag and stuff it all in there for Aradia to smuggle in, and head over to the trainyard to pick up the van at the Maesk transit and shipping hub. With night descending and the plan in motion, Otters finds a stealthy spot to park nearby, after dropping Aradia off with her duffel of “toys” and changing the van appearance.

Aradia heads in, using her fake ID and profile, and gets a guest pass at the lobby reception, getting ushered up to Collins’ floor and residence by building security providing lowkey guidance over the internal sensors. Collins answers the door in appropriate negligee and both vamp it up a bit. As Aradia enters she casts a Silence spell, as Collins warns subtly that there is no video surveillance but may be audio. They dump the bag of dissolving bits in the bathtub, with Collins looking grossed out but keeping it together. She also casts a sterilize spell on the pile, to further obscure traces, and then cuts herself and bleeds on it a bit for good measure.

They then set up a fake ritual circle, with symbols copied from Black Lodge stuff Aradia has seen, and some burnt reagents and melted candles and the like scattered around, to make things further confusing. Aradia cleanses astral space to make it clear that someone cleaned up after, without actually having anything to obscure, aside from her own spellcraft. She also gets Collins to change into her mask and outfit, and makes herself invisible, once again instructing Collins how to behave to sell the trick. Aradia also levitates herself to not set off pressure sensors. With that, Collins (disguised as Aradia’s fake persona) exits the room with Aradia floating along invisibly behind her.

They descend to street level, with Collins managing to coyly bluff her way past the receptionists, who seems surprised to see “her” leaving so soon after arriving, apparently used to the executive’s bacchanals lasting somewhat longer. She carefully walks with the appropriate amount of sauciness (Aradia is a little impressed), and enters the van as Otters pulls it around, and drives off into the Atlanta night, preparing to hot foot it out of town to Nashville as soon as she clears ARES’ sensor area around their HQ and office complex.

Business As Unusual
10/28/2024, 11:21:50 AM
Runners
Otters aka Roadkill
Heat
Aradia
Echo
Ruxpin

The team has the day to do recon and planning for the job, while Moreau collects the specialty mission gear they’ve requested. They rent a van, get Morticia airborne, and head over to the financial district Downtown to check out Brackhaven Investments, spotted front and rear entrances as described in the dossier. Aradia is able to detect a mid-range, astral only ward around the top 10 levels of the 80 story building, where BI’s offices are located (the rest of the building is other financial and insurance firms). Otters spots a rooftop entrance and helipad, which is the only major update to the dossier they have been given by the Grey Cell mole inside the firm. Otherwise, all the data they were given checks out. So they start making a plan. Meanwhile, Ruxpin does his final day of travel towards Seattle inside the shipping container, sleeping in the van and shitting in the far corner.

After reviewing the rest of the dossier more thoroughly and incorporating their own recon, they think they have some good ideas of what to do, so Heat reserves a private aircab for a few hours for the next day, using his fake purloined ID, provided by Moreau. The team will all be posing and flagging as “Snohomish Farms” employees, a known metaracist company whose finances are managed by BI. Moreau says that a local runner, 9 Tails, is responsible for sourcing the ID’s, and Aradia happy to hear that Creep and Tabasco’s old friend is still kicking. Moreau also hands over an alchemical anti-tracking preparation to use on the target, McClure, to prevent AZT ritually tracking him during the initial escape. He also provides a custom mage/jammer hood, that is nicely lined for comfort.

The team rests, and wakes in the morning to find Ruxpin finally arrived, though once again he seems to be communicating via voice to text instead of just messaging. They take public transit over to the Tacoma port and pick up the van and Ruxpin, leaving the container, which is their current exfil plan for van and gear as well if everything goes to plan. They brief Ruxpin on the plan, and purchase synthskin masks for everyone, which Heat programs to match their stolen ID’s. Everyone splits off at that point to do some last minute job prep before the mission kicks off. Heat and Ruxpin get dropped off at the air cab rental facility, checking out the security etc on their rental chopper as cover for Heat quietly hacking into it, and both of them planning where to plant some explosives to later blow it up to help cover their escape. They made sure to request a remote piloted one to not have any unnecessary casualties.

Heat also notices Ruxpin standing back again, and inquires further about the strange matrix interference he seems to emit. He also notices Ruxpin subvocalizing to respond, and inquires about that as well. Ruxpin explains that his implanted commlink concierge does all his messaging etc for him, as he just uses voice to text. He gets temporarily added to he TacNet, but refuses to use standard target painting and info sharing tools, saying it will mess up his aim. Some on the team seem confused by his low-tech vibes, especially given the quantity and quality of his implants, but the rest win out on trusting him to know his own skills as he seems quite confident. At the appropriate time, Heat gets a backdoor into the chopper, planting a data tap to keep access, and allowing Otters to take over piloting it as needed.

Otters, meanwhile, is building a home-made EMP at the Clone Zone mall to blow any trackers, antennas, DocWagon etc on McClure after they get him out, and not wanting to buy one locally that AZT could potentially track down the maker of if they have a signature. Otters then spends a while looking at maps and test driving some routes, checking traffic data, and looking at the intel on the illegal street race that Grey Cell pulled some strings to make sure was happening at the same time as the planned extraction. Confirming that with the closeness of the AZT pyramid HQ to BI offices, and the heavy security overall Downtown (both Echo and Otters notice that there is a lot more surveillance tech under Potter, though not a heavy-handed presence), an “on the go” extraction is not the best plan, so they stick with the “during the meeting” extraction plan. Otters maps a few different escape routes based on all this, and sets the timing for the mission to be able to speed through open streets just after the racers go through, before civilian traffic fully picks back up.

Echo goes to an outdoor shop and buys glider parachutes for the team members who are breaching, plus Ruxpin and the two potential extraction targets. They then head to the lobby of BI and do some skilled chatting with the receptionist, posing as their stolen Snohomish Farms ID, and manage to arrange an end of day meeting with a financial adviser a few floors above (and an hour and a half before) the after-hours negotiation where their target will be. Echo secures landing permission for the chopper, plus the 3 necessary visitor passes for the breach team.

Aradia heads off to her meeting with Shiawase Daigou, at the ACHE, with the strange plant samples in tow. Ushered in by some white-gloved security, she once again finds herself in his spacious and well-appointed penthouse greenhouse, with impressive views around the city from 200 odd floors up. They share some tea and discuss the plant samples, with Daigou seemingly impressed at Aradia’s negotiation skills, forgiving her her owed favor for delivering the plants themselves, and granting one further favor in exchange for intel on where they came from and what Aradia suspicions are about the likely metaplanar connections there. She leaves, feeling satisfied, and the team all meets up at the helifield.

Everyone loads up in the chopper with the appropriate mission gear, and Otters heads out in the van with her combat drone hidden in the smuggling compartment to find a good spot to park nearby Downtown. She parks near some food trucks on a stretch where workers are gathering to get late lunches/early dinners, and makes the van look like a service vehicle to blend in. The rest of the team gets airborne, with Heat confirming he still has his backdoor in place. They also loop the onboard camera, and get their two explosives ready to go when needed- one rigged to set off some massive noise, cutting connection and the other to do a large explosion.

Ruxpin once again gets a few looks as the remote pilot apologizes for any slight choppiness as they are experiencing some as yet unidentified signal interference, but they reach the BI building helipad with no trouble, staying within the SkyGuide parameters the whole flight. Ruxpin stays aboard as the chopper enters a holding pattern in the area, circling the building in it’s pre-approved flight plan. The other 3 exit and are met by a harried looking receptionist who ushers them a few floors down to their meeting room, where they feel like they are getting the brush off. As they are left alone for a while, Heat loops the camera, and Aradia makes them all invisible. They sneak over to the fire stairs as the offices are shutting down for the night, and Heat hacks them through the door without setting off the alarm, as they lack the appropriate passkeys for that. They get a message from the Chromed Accountant that the mole, an ork woman using the name “Stacy Korn” who is passing for human, has been unable to extract herself, so they will need to get her out too.

They hide in the stairwell for around an hour as a few more harried assistant dash up and down past them with end of day biz, and wait near the exit onto the target floor, where Heat has hacked the door to enter when needed. Outside Ruxpin is surveilling, and sees BI employees setting up the conference room where the meeting will take place, but no AZT presence yet. Also he doesn’t have the best angle, so Otters will need to take direct control before long, setting off some alarms from both the rental company and SkyGuide. Otters, at street level, sees the AZT convoy arrive just in time, and just ahead of the street racers. Stealthily pulling out and maneuvering into position, she swaps the van camo to look like a racefan cam van. She then takes over the chopper and brings it down out of it’s approved flight path so Ruxpin has a better angle, and he readies his rifle, and spots the AZT delegation entering- 3 of them, as expected, while there are 6 on the BI side, but only two that look like security.

Given the signal, the team in the stairway sneaks out the fire door onto the 75th floor, with Aradia slipping forward and spotting the mage on the BI security team, and passing that info to Ruxpin. Unfortunately, the mage seems alert to spellcraft and seems to notice something amiss, so it’s go time! Aradia hits the whole conference room with a massive Silence spell, as Heat chucks another noise grenade directly onto the conference table. Ruxpin, with his pre-loaded custom clip, blasts out the armored window with and APDS round before dropping the mage Aradia ID’ed with S’N’S rounds, keeping it nonlethal. Also with nonlethal rounds, Heat and Echo manage to drop the AZT assistant behind McClure, who turns out to be some sort of fast-moving adept.

Before anyone on the BI side has a chance to respond, the other AZT guard pops some cyberweapons and almost takes Echo down with a cyber-SMG, while also chucking a grenade at the BI side, seeming to think this is a trap they’ve set. The team sees the mole dive for cover but catch some shrapnel, as the reaming BI bodyguard tries to pull the suits back from the explosive, not fully successfully. The bodyguard opens up on Heat, who barely dodges back out the door, with a briefcase SMG, before Ruxpin drops him as well, with Otters steadying the chopper to support his shots. Ruxpin, Heat and Echo also manage to drop the AZT cybersoldier without taking any more damage. McCLure mouths “thank you” at them, gesturing at the nonlethal weapons they’ve used, and they set off the EMP on him and his KO’ed guards as planned.

Heat and Echo are getting chutes on and onto McClure and the injured mole, with Echo giving her a rallying pep talk. Aradia swaps her synthskin mask onto McClure and physically matches herself to him. She makes McClure and the mole invisible and uses her magic specialities to sneak them both out the building’s ward along with their spells without alerting anyone. Heat and Echo then follow, alerting security but hopefully good cover for the extraction targets escaping. Aradia levitates herself, but briefly gets hung up on the ward in her rush to get out, and sees the two AZT guards staggering back to consciousness and spotting her- luckily disguised as McClure! She frees herself and ascends up towards the chopper, with Otters doing some risky close flying to get near enough to the building for Ruxpin to reach out and grab her, supported by his jury-rigged gunner’s sling.

They race for the Sound at max speed, ignoring SkyGuide alerts about unsafe routing etc, as Aradia punches in a call to Shiawase Daigou, apologizing for calling in the favor so fast, but asking if her and Ruxpin can land some chutes on Shiawase Island. He agrees, and tell them to safety their weapons, after confirming they have no illicit intent there. Otters is also busy pulling the van around into catch position, as well as swarm piloting all 4 chutes down to ground- accelerating them to what seems a dangerous level to those descending to hurry things along. She manages to pop the van up on a high curb and swing all 4 chutes inside in sequence with minimal damage to those landing, helping catch everyone with the van arm, and then speeding off.

Heat finally has time to check his Overwatch Score again and tells the chopper team to get out and set off the grenades now as Otters gives it one last push out over the water. Heat cuts connection just before his GOD score rolls over past the threshold, and Aradia drops her physical mask, levitates herself and Ruxpin out of the chopper invisibly, and sends the signal to the pre-programmed grenades. The noise grenade detonates first, just as the remote pilot seems to regain control, with the explosive following after, sending the wreckage plummeting down towards the waters of the Sound. They pop their chutes and start descending, with Otters swarm piloting them again as she races the van south through Downtown towards SeaTAC.

Meanwhile, Echo uses the alchemical prep from Moreau on McClure, who hops into the smuggling compartment, complimenting them on their professionalism, and Otters’ drone stands guard on top of the compartment. They also hook the mole up to the Valkyrie module to stabilize her from her grenade and hard landing wounds. Otters swaps van camo, plate, ID etc in/under a high traffic tunnel area where she knows from her earlier recon some sensors are down. She then swaps strategy and stealth drives into a park and ride lot on the outskirts of the airport, swapping everything again. While doing this, she also successfully speed pilots the two chutes down onto Shiawase Island, where Ruxpin lands pretty well, and manages to prevent Aradia from having a devastating crash, though she is still knocked out.

Ruxpin is surprised to find some Shiawase special forces waiting for them, but amused when one of them recognizes him from a cross-training exercise the PCC and other NAN states did with their new Free Seattle neighbors, since there is a less hostile relationship there (so far) than with the UCAS. He safeties and breaks down his weapon as promised, with the Shiawase troops admiring his gear as their sergeant regales them with some non-specific tails of Ruxpin’s skills. Aradia staggers back to consciousness and thanks them for their help. They provide a carryable hard case for the runner’s illicit gear, and give them walking directions across the nicely landscaped island to the evening ferry to the Downtown docks. They head there and wait for pickup by the team. Meanwhile, after not detecting any pursuers, Otters finally gets the dropoff point and heads there.

They take a long drive to the south of town, deep into rural Puyallup, meeting up with a Grey Cell team just inside the Crocker Mines there, where they take possession of McClure, who wishes them well through his hood. They exchange the appropriate passcodes to confirm ID with the GC team, and then head back to town to pick up the other two, swapping van ID etc one last time in the off-grid area they are in. They drop the van and all the mission gear back at the shipping container, and report into Moreau. Deciding to continue with their extraction travel missions, they had it sent to Atlanta to meet them, while they all fly biz class. They convince Ruxpin to fly with them, as with 3 faces on the team, they assume they can safely explain away his strange wireless interference field. Successful mission though! They are feeling hyped for another one, and excited about the new teammate, assuming Ruxpin wants to stick around, as he seems very effective.

Enemy of My Enemy Is My Enemy
10/21/2024, 10:32:11 AM
Runners
Otters aka Roadkill
Heat
Aradia
Echo
the Exit of: Pepper Jack
and the Introduction of: Ruxpin

Just as the fight with the Black Lodge is about to kick off, Aradia takes a more thorough look at the situation and has a change of heart- this ritual is smaller than the ones in Detroit that were lethal when disrupted, and it looks like this group is being cautious and has expended a large quantity of reagents to limit their drain. Also, 6 mages vs 2 is starting to not feel like great odds. PPJ is unhappy but goes along with it, managing to keep his need for vengeance from dominating. Echo and Heat stop firing at the barrier while negotiations commence, though Aradia has Heat send a message to Laffy and Tessa to tip them to the BL presence and request backup, though also requests they don’t hit til the team is clear.

Aradia wheels and deals a bit, with PPJ occasionally trying to jump in with some menace but being out-menaced. They get the feeling they may have been speaking to Dexter Wright at first, but an unknown woman takes over, using a voice changer. Otters quickly downloads a bunch of illicit tracking software and she and Heat make as good of a voiceprint as they can to try to recognize the woman in the future if they encounter her again. She explains that they are after Arcane because of his involvement/presence at the site of a number of unstable astral points in town, especially as they know he is Fae and has the ability to make portals.

They give the team the relevant data they had collected, and a secure matrix dropbox to send contrary proof to if they want to clear Arcane’s name- the BL say that he’s proven too adept at avoiding capture to risk further exposure by them, so it’s either kill him or leave him alone, for now. The team agrees, and as their part of the bargain, tips the BL to the true alliance messing with Denver’s astral space and metaplanes: Disians + MCT + AZT. They leave out the Null Sect, as this BL chapter doesn’t seem overly interested in the matrix, and the team isn’t sure what the state of BL/NS alliance is after/outside of Detroit. With that deal made, Otters uses some more of her illicit new software to ID which of the cars parked outside has ARES registration, and thus is Dexter Wright’s, and Aradia feeds that intel to Laffy and Tessa, telling them to hit him when he leaves, as the ritual the BL was midway through looks to be to summon a hydra- not a good option to mess with!

The team levitates or sneaks away as the BL maintain their magical barrier and presumably either complete or wind down their ritual safely, and rejoin Otters at the college coffehouse nearby. They take a series of cabs through the Hub to a parking garage, where they pause to analyze the data the BL provided. It does show Arcane at a bunch of astral instabilities, but the team realizes he only is showing up after they asked him to investigate exactly those phenomena, so it seems like it is sort of their fault. They also spot that it seems like someone has combined multiple areas of dangerous magical research to make some new advancements- using old BL ideas about stabilizing portals with sacrifice magic, alongside MCT’s experiments into using magical friction/pressure differentials at border zones/conflict ares to generate energy, it seems that someone is creating numerous stable portal spots throughout town.

Currently, these don’t seem to open to consistent metaplanar destinations, but it seems someone is prepared for that too- capture teams in unmarked vans are waiting to bag and tag whatever odd critters or metaplanar denizes come through when the portals open. Otters sees a variety of lifeforms she has only heard rumors of as well as a number she doesn’t recognize. The team also uses their target tracking/gait analysis software to ID one of the armored capture team as the non-lethal, amoral bounty hunter Midnight, and plan to follow up. They worry that this may be either proof that Rex Coll is up to something devious, or further evidence in a chain leading to whoever he may be working for (outside his official role at the Draco Foundation).

Feeling good about trusting Arcane still, they rotate SIN’s and Otters gets a fancy smuggler cab to take them to his safehouse. However, on the way, Otters decides to check in with Niki the Gardener since it’s been a while, and eventually gets ahold of her- however, she doesn’t know who Otters is, and seems to think she’s been operating out of STL for some time. Otters arranges to send her some nuyen to dig further into Project ANIMUS, and then reports this to the team, a bit concerned. PPJ takes a closer look at Otters, alongside Heat, and they find two interesting things: there is a hardwired offline chipslot with a well-concealed flesh port cover, and there is a long-healed circular burn scar just at the nape of Otters’ neck, a little larger than a standard data jack port size.

With Otters excited about the prospect of using BTL’s again, Heat investigates the chip slot further, and finds it is loaded with a running BTL, labelled “NOREGRETS”, and before anyone else can respond, Heat yanks it out, recording Otters face flash with some unfamiliar emotions as Heat reminds her what she did to him as a child, before Otters quickly snatches the chip back and reinserts, deciding she doesn’t need BTL’s in general, but definitely needs this one. The regret fades, but the memory of those momentary emotions remains. Heat slow-motions, edits and replays the brief expressions on Otters’ face, which he finds a bit emotionally helpful. Otters, worried about what this may have triggered, asks StepMAMA to check their outgoing comms, and she reports that when the chip was removed, “Otters” sent a single transmission to the NE grid- NYC/DeeCee/Boston area somewhere, to a repeater that has now gone offline.

Heat wants to investigate further, but they don’t have a good lead to follow at the moment, until in a panic, Otters recalls that she also paid Peregrine to look into Project ANIMUS. She calls him up, and he says he has just recovered from a bad injury but seems to think he’s never been to Denver and doesn’t recall their dealing there. He does remembers the team and all the Detroit stuff, but still very suspicious. Otters sends him proof of their meeting over his denials, and he says he’ll have his tech people analyze as he seems to believe that the team must have been fooled by an imposter. With that settled for now, they head to Arcane, relieve Magnum and Goldsmoke, who report no new threats, and head inside to debrief.

Arcane is relieved by their report, though also unhappy to “ally” with the Black Lodge at an level, and annoyed that they know his secret. However, he provides his own notes and data to disprove him being the cause, and they team sends them off to the BL dropbox. They get a message back a short while later saying their proof is acceptable, and also offering work against GW, if the team is interested. The BL also pass along a warning to Arcane- Disians have begun to encroach at the Seelie Court, and their attempts to warn people there have been met with deaf ears- perhaps confirming that the BL is indeed behind the Shadow Tourmaline in the Great Hall. Arcane also confirms that if the BL tries to blackmail him with knowledge of his Fae nature, threat of exposure etc, he will let the team know. He pays them well for their work, and the offers to guide a team therapy session, as they seems a little stressed and on edge.

They agree, and Heat and Otters get into it first- Heat asking more of Otters than she is capable of/willing to give in terms of real emotional response and accountability. They do make a little progress though, especially in terms of how to communicate less condescendingly on Otters’ behalf, and how to perhaps take some small wins on Heat’s. PPJ goes next and explains that he will be taking a break from the team, wanting to focus on ‘hooding and working directly for good (by his definition) against what he views as the evil alliance that has emerged (Disians etc, along with GW’s tyranny and AZT’s astral sacrifices to a lesser degree). The team is a bit surprised, and they get into a long discussion about morals vs money, personal motivations and philosophies and the like, and actually learn a good amount about one another.

Heat tries to leave things on a good note with PPJ, who kind of brushes him off, but seems good with the team overall, just headed in a different direction after a number of recent group decisions didn’t go his way, in a way he finds baffling and amoral. The rest of the team agrees to aim to do good a little more often as well, alongside getting paid, and arrange a way for Otters or others to directly hire Heat for bonus pay to help on some of those jobs when he is reluctant. PPJ still makes his exit, but says he hopes to see them out on the streets and will keep in touch. Echo and Aradia have less personal business to open up to the group, though they also get into their motivations, goals, etc. Arcane declares it a good session, and then tries to talk them all into removing team votes to kill one another, which they roundly refuse, so he backs off. They all feel that they have gotten significantly closer to him in the process as well, along with saving his life.

They head back to the safehouse and rest, and wake to some disturbing news from Detroit- Peregrine was hit and killed by an out of control self-driving car, blamed on the still under-reconstruction Motor City grid. Worried, they check STL news as well, and see that Niki was also taken out in a similar accident, though noone on the shadow boards seems to have made the connection besides them. They call Fargus Sol and warn him about ANIMUS, giving him the relevant details as they have them, and warning him off investigating it further due to the danger. He also reports in on his investigation into Le Masque’s background- he is indeed French, and worked with the vamp merc corp Messerzahn during the AZT/AM war, Bravo Company and the 77th Indy Rangers both consider him a dangerous adversary. The team decides to wait and see what he offers next before deciding if they want to keep working with him.

Sol also tells them that Grey Cell is ready for the team’s extraction job in Seattle, finally having gotten the opening they need. He offers transit docs, smuggling assistance, job ID’s, and expenses, plus he has some ideas for muscle in town to hire on, since PPJ called and told him he had left the crew. Sol suggests they hire someone before leaving Denver, as a Seattle local would be easier for AZT to trace afterwards. He gives them a secure number to call when they get to Seattle for their on the ground handler as well. They set up a meeting with his top reco for muscle, a skilled ex-miltary sniper/brawler named Ruxpin, who’s new to both Denver and running, so won’t have much a trail for AZT to follow. They set a meeting for a park in Brighton, and the take care of some prep biz for the day.

Heat also calls Hype and fills him in on ANIMUS (leaving Otters out for now), aiming to get him interested, and maybe does a little too good of a job, as Hype seems hyped to be getting further into the “making memories” biz. But Heat figures he has enough power and corp cover to be able to safely look into it. He tells the team after, and they all reluctantly conceded it’s a good idea. They also see some local news that Laffy and Tessa did indeed hit Dexter Wright as he was driving through the Hub, but came under heavy fire from his ARES security detail, and it is unclear if they survived. One BL local leader down though! And hopefully not directly traceable to the team. They head out to the meeting with Ruxpin, finding a somewhat scarily overgrown town turned park, with a menacing and somewhat hypnotic aura amidst the rampant growth.

Ruxpin is a large human, very muscular, with some high end implants and a military bearing. He explains he is a sniper and close combat specialist, but didn’t bring his gear to the meeting, and when questioned further, runs off overland to his safehouse and returns with some high end scout/spec ops equipment, which Echo ID’s as being PCC issue, though de-flagged. Ruxpin explains he is recently out of the PCC military, and Echo confirms that won’t be a problem, keeping some of his pro-UCAS feelings to himself in the moment. Ruxpin also manages to avoid taking too much offense at Heat’s bumbling questions about the location and political situation of the PCC, mistaking it briefly for the CAS before being gently corrected. Overall Ruxpin seems a bit brusque but quite confident in his abilities. More worryingly, he seems to passively give off some noise, which Heat detects.

So they decide Ruxpin while travel in the team van, which will be loaded with all their team gear, as his noise emittance could be an issue on commercial flights, while the rest of the team takes a biz-class sub-orbital. The van will be shipped overland to a seaport in a sealed container (with air and supplies) and then literally shipped up to Seattle, so the team will have a few days on the ground to make plans ahead of it’s arrival, which lines up with the mission timeline. Aradia also notices that there may be an astral crossing nearby in the park, and after some investigating, determines it may be to the plane of Beautiful Death, a strange and dangerous plant realm. ChewGum was fascinated with it, so they review his notes, and Aradia buys a fresh Vault of Ages to mount in the van, and preserve some samples from the park to bring to Shiwase Daigou on her return to Seattle, to pay off an old favor.

With that, the team stocks up on necessary gear, and Otters gets her permits in order to bring Morticia on the plane as her emotional support bird. They take off, with Heat rampantly flirting with the flight attendants, who bring him extra champagne, blankets, and the like (though these do turn out to be available upon request to the others as well). Echo also decides to play a fun prank, and tells one of the flight attendants it’s Heat’s birthday, getting everyone in biz class to sing him happy birthday as they descend into Seattle and present him with a warn cookie with a glowing e-candle. He’s delighted until he realizes Echo set it up, having thought his flirting has gotten him extra perks. But the cookie’s still good.

They land, and Heat calls up Marli Bremerton and Althea, and makes plans to swing by their Downtown mansion, as they explain they can’t go out at the moment. Otters heads downtown to seek out some private cyber-surgery, using the info broker Rei Bluestone to find a reliable and discrete clinic. Aradia makes an appointment with Shiawase Daigou to prevent the plant samples upon their expected arrival, and Echo kicks around, getting a feel for the town and quietly resenting the free city movement. Heat arrives to his music hang to find a haunted and well-protected Victorian mansion, a bit dilapidated and quite out of place in it’s relatively tony Downtown neighborhood, though it seems it has kept the block around it from getting too far ahead with it’s odd vibes.

Heat enters, carefully ignoring the various ghostly manifestations, glimpses of spectral fire and the like, as he isn’t interested or impressed. He is however, delighted to see Marli and Althea again, though still confused at how Althea is Marlis’ niece as they look about the same age. They tell him the house’s spirits are restless at the moment and they can’t go out, plus they don’t do live appearances in town. Heat is disappointed, until they invite him to jam with them at the house, and Heat gets permission to invite Aradia along to check out the astral and maybe do some fun illusions alongside Althea. They also tell him they’ll have a special guest arriving after dark, and then they spend some time noodling until then. Aradia arrives and quickly determines that the ghostly manifestations are from a bad house fire in the the early 1900’s, which seems to have kept them there, though they seem appeased by music, dancing, illusions etc as it seems like it was maybe a speak-easy of sorts.

Shortly after dark, a cloaked figure enters, and Heat is shocked to recognize the legendary rocker Jetblack as he slips out of his disguise. He also doesn’t seem to have aged a day, much like his 2050’s musical peer Marli. Odd. They get into jamming, with Jetblack complimenting Heat on his set in Denver, which he says he streamed to catch Marli’s gig. He tells Heat to start jamming and he’ll try to keep up, doing some impressively fast tapping on his classic axe to match Heat’s hyperspeed beats. Marli floats over the top with some synths, and they seem to really be locking into something as Heat sees a familiar strange silhouette appear on a nearby vidscreen, The wild-haired dancing figure once again offers inspiration, and Heat accepts, receiving a small program from a Music Sprite, and feeling like their performance has reached a transcendent level. Heat also spots vamp fangs as Jetblack gets into and makes some “guitar face”, which explains his apparent youth, but is still baffled by Marli as she doesn’t bear obvious signs.

Aradia is content to listen along with Althea, occasionally contributing some illusions that seem to please the spectral audience. The musicians all explain that this is just for them and can’t be shared elsewhere, as both Jetblack and Marli value their privacy. They do however invite Heat along to a digital gig, explaining that they’ve both cultivated various matrix Idol/Idoru personas over the years to keep performing while keeping to themselves IRL. He accepts, and they suggest he spend a little time developing a persona and a new sound before the gig, as the exclusive 6th level of the digital Dante’s Inferno club Downtown (well, in the matrix, but also streamed into the physical club). Excited to start figuring this out, Heat and Aradia leave just after Jetblack, just as the sun is starting to come up. They take public transit out to Auburn to meet up with Otters and Echo, who have secured a safehouse through their local Grey Cell contact, who Otters is delighted to find is her old friend Moreau!

However, Moreau seems to have gone even further down the “biodrones are inherently unethical, but sadly irreversible” path, and is glad Otters hasn’t made more since Morticia, though he seems to regret his part in crafting her. He explains that he has some new friends who keep him more level-headed, and Otters realizes he is talking about more animals and is maybe still spending too much time with them, though he seems overall to be doing a lot better mentally. They arrange to meet at a secure hacker space as the Clone Zone mall after the team links up, and check out the safehouse and parking situation at the semi-abandoned Auburn Junction mall. Aradia is a little saddened to remember that this was where Tabasco’s safehouse, complete with racecar bed, was located, as she looks at the dragon-blasted ruin of that corner of the complex.

They all rest a bit and head to the meet, finding Moreau a little distant as he rhapsodizes about his explorations of a newly “discovered” plane, Tandora, also sometimes referred to as the “land of dinosaurs” which he says is misrepresentative, though not entirely untrue. They get him back on task, and he introduces them to his pair of hell-hound BFF"s, Stoker and Shelley, and tells them about some other members of his pack as well. He seems a little relieved to be talking to real live humans again, though, and gives them the mission briefing. Handing over a data chip with the specifics, he provides the overview. Their target, an AZT exec and board member named McClure, will secretly be in town to deal with some money management issues for the corp.

For background, Moreau explains that many corps had kept sizeable investments with Brackhaven Investments in case the former Governor regained power, especially if the Free City agenda failed or if the UCAS pushed back. But even with the ascension of the Arch-Conservatives in the post-Blackout election in the UCAS, Seattle remains free, and Corinne Potter remains popular and in charge (and seemingly not a despot, at least not openly), so the corps are starting to distance themselves from Brackhaven as he and his politics look like more of a liability than an asset in the new Seattle. However, as they don’t want to completely burn the contact, AZT is sending a high level exec to do the final negotiations on divestments and fund transfers. This is the first and best chance Grey Cell has encountered to extract McClure since he made contact with Ringmaster when the team last visited Zecorporatum.

Moreau suggests extracting him during the meeting, as most of his security will be a few floors away, so they might be able to avoid major combat if they’re careful. He also explains that due to compartmentalization, he doesn’t himself know the name of their inside source, he is just running this op. But the source may also need to be extracted from the meeting if they aren’t able to avoid attending and extract themselves, as this job will burn them for sure. Moreau tells them that when they are ready to go in, they are to make contact with a local runner named “the Chromed Accountant”, who will give them the source’s name and biometrics if they need to be extracted as well. Moreau says that they have arranged for a popular local street racing club to be holding a race Downtown near to the office at the time of the meeting to distract cops and provide some cover if the team wants to make use of that as well.

He suggests that the team pose as human supremacists when extracting McClure, as they can easily pass since they are currently an all-human team, which they all suddenly feel a bit weird about. But Moreau suggests that it’s very plausible that Brackhaven’s allies in the supremacist movement would take offense at the corps distancing themselves, and want to make an example of an exec if they can get their hands on one. So this could be good misdirection, especially if they feel like faking McClure’s death in the process. He assumes AZT will have ritual samples and use them to track/confirm death, and says that Grey Cell has a plan to get him out of the city, but won’t give the team details until they are out of the office tower with the target day of. The team agree, and plans to spend the next day and a half doing recon, prep, and planning until Ruxpin arrives with the gear and the van and it’s go time.

Meanwhile, Ruxpin cleans his gun, polishes his knucks, does push-ups, and lightly journals as he feels the container he is in shift from rail to sea on his long journey to Seattle.

Arcane's Bane
10/14/2024, 10:35:54 PM
Runners
Otters aka Roadkill
Pepper Jack
Heat
Aradia
Echo

Arriving back at the safehouse after the Vishala interrogation, the team debriefs Aradia and ends up in a lengthy argument about what info to double sell when ethics are involved, with some of the team insisting that ethics don’t factor in (for or against), and after refusing to agree on base definitions of terms they take an inconclusive vote leaving noone particularly happy. Aradia catches the team up on what she’s been up to, and explains her revelation that the extermination of the Sisterhood of Ariadne was likely the fault of MCT/Dis rather than the Black Lodge, though the BL had infiltrated the group and was effectively running it in secret.

They tell Fargus Sol what they feel they can share without violating client confidentiality with “Le Masque” as they are now calling him. They also haven’t decided for sure how to respond to the revelation of his “true” identity, though Otters and the other Detroit survivors still on the team recall making a deal with AZT to do deep cover work for them in Denver in exchange for smuggling them and their gear in, and realize that Le Masque may have been so chill about it because he sort of thought they already knew. Regardless, PPJ doesn’t want to work with him further and some of the others are iffy but he did promise higher pay for the next job so TBD.

They do some research and find that he has a bad (or at least dark) rep in certain circles due to his use of Blood Magic on prisoners during the AZT/AM war from the early/mid-70’s, but don’t find conclusive stuff of him being explicitly worse than others involved. He has a rep for being dangerous and very skilled at illusion, disguise, accent etc, but isn’t known for betrayal, except when he’s on an infiltration mission against an opponent. So they ask Sol to also dig into Le Masque’s background a little further in exchange for tipping him to dig further into the Asintmah Alliance. He had heard of the group but doesn’t seem fully clued in, so they hope he can get there without having to compromise their norms, as he often seems to have better info than them anyway. Noone is willing to give Heat permission to share info on an equivalent basis with Horizon so they leave it there.

He reminds them they have an extraction coming up for Grey Cell after Otters inquires about work opportunities, and they say they will start getting ready soon and head for Seattle when they’re ready. Aradia also calls up and threatens Vishala’s former boss at MCT, Shinju Sho, who says they will regret not sharing intel as promised, but then Aradia covers her tracks by sending evidence that Sho was trying to hire the team on the side without company approval to her contact Carol Staples in Chicago. The team hopes this will effectively neutralize Sho, who had already suffered an embarrassing demotion due to Vishala, but time will tell. They rest, and upon awakening, receive the panicked call from Arcane- someone is trying to kill them!

They head over to his office as he says he is safe for now, but doesn’t want to debrief on the phone. Arriving, they look around, and seeing no immediate threats in any realm are allowed in. Arcane talks them through a series of escalating attacks on him in the last half day, which seem to have started as capture attempts and escalated to assassination. The team gets some leads from debriefing him, and decides to split into 3 groups- PPJ will stay onsite and guard Arcane, hiring on Magnum and Goldsmoke again to act as additional security, while Arcane spends some time astrally tracking the most recent attacker- a powerful summoned spirit.

Otters and Echo will leave the Hub as they both need gear to operate fully, and investigate the first attack, by the Warrens gang the Zombies. Heat and Aradia will stay in the Hub and track down the bounty hunter who made the second attack, having relatively easily tracked down the guy in question based on his particular appearance. Before they all split off, the team suggests that it’s time Arcane shared a little more about how he escaped his various attackers, survived his wounds, and generally seems to have some unusual magical abilities, and he explains that although he was raised for most of his youth as British gentry as advertised, his mother is the Queen of Roses, a powerful Wild Fae, and that he has access to a limited selection of her fae abilities.

He also tells them a bit about his runner past with Cat and others, and confirms that he is the expert he otherwise appears to be, as well, including baffling Echo by claiming, seemingly accurately, that he speaks and reads all known languages. Suitably impressed, the party splits. Echo insists on trying diplomacy first, and they stop by the Paradise Lost mall in the Warrens, and get a custom chainsaw glaive made for the leader of the Zombies at Rattler’s shop, after Otters thinks about the local gang situation and consults with PPJ.

Echo also gets some useful gossip on the current state of affairs in the Warrens and with the gang while drinking in Frantic’s bar while waiting for the glaive to be finished. They drive it over to Zombie’s turf, and Otters and Echo approach on foot, successfully presenting it as a gift rather than a challenge, and throw in a little additional cash to get the beleaguered gangers talking, while Otters keeps the van HMG concealed but ready. The leader Ohnee tells them they got hired for a simple kidnap job on “some nerd” confirming the target as Arcane, but that he hit them with a massive stunball (explaining their banged up state) and then a huge spirit showed up and pushed their warbus out of the road as he drove off in his dinky little roadster.

With a little prompting, Ohnee gets one of the gang’s ghoul members, sporting some fresh cyber-eyes, to share footage of the meet with the Johnson, and running the face through Mona Lisa, they ID him as one Dexter Wright, a local ARES middle manager. Odd. As their best guess so far is Null Sect, they warn the gangers to stay off grid for a while, which they don’t seem to view as an issue since they’re fairly low tech. Ohnee happily swings the chain glaive wildly about overhead as the runners make a careful exit. Meanwhile, Heat and Aradia have headed underground and made their way to the infamous smuggler bar 5×5, where their target, Midnight, is waiting.

After he confirms that the barkeep and other patrons have seen him with the runners, he takes them out of the bar, not giving Heat time to buy a drink, and explains that you don’t do biz in there- house rules. He is happy to tell them that he took a capture and deliver contract, dumped a ton of stick’n’shock into Arcane, and the slippery little fucker still escaped. Shortly after, the pay got upgraded but it switched to wetwork, so he dropped the contract- he doesn’t kill, as a rule. The team tries to warn him of the Null Sect threat, but he doesn’t seem to know what they’re talking about and doesn’t seem concerned. For some extra pay, he offers to look into who took the assassination contract, as he shows them on an encrypted app that it is open but “in progress”.

Heat impresses everyone by using his much-maligned Horizon contacts to get the name of the hirer of the wetwork contract- something called the “Mountain Edge Society”. Aradia has a faint memory, and manages to recall that she had heard a tip that a lot of local Black Lodge activity is run through that same company, so it looks like this may not be the Null Sect after all. Midnight gets back to them, and reports that the hitman is one “Boom-Boom” a somewhat psycho explosives and missiles-lover. PPJ and Goldsmoke get a little worried about a faint puff of smoke they see a half-block distant, and as they focus in they see a bald human with a stick of dynamite in his teeth lighting and pinching out the fuse. He sees them at the same time, and launches a missile, but PPJ manages to lightning bolt it in midair, detonating it early, very impressive.

He and Goldsmoke hustle back inside as they lose sight of their target and the ZDF quickly responds. As the team regathers and shares all their respective intel, Arcane reports that he managed to track the summoned spirit to a strip mall and industrial area on the NW edge of the Hub, but can’t get a specific lock- someone did some work to obscure their trail, astrally. Doing some research, Otters finds that ARES owns a large magnet school in the area, so they decide to start their search there. After Otters fails to smuggle their weapons into the Hub, they decide to just do recon for now, and scout out the school. Heat spots a nested high security host tied to a building hidden away in a windowless courtyard on the campus, with a single private entry road.

Otters does some surveillance with Morticia, and spots a hatch on the roof that look promising, so Aradia and PPJ go invisible and levitate in that direction, seeing that there is both a high force magical barrier inside the building, and seemingly an even higher force ritual inside it in progress. Heat, also invisible, sneaks up the access road, and hacks into one of the cars in the private lot, giving Otters access. However, he bungles the hack a bit and has to go aggro, which alerts a guard inside, who exits, and blasts Heat with an SMG before Otters pins the guard to the door with the hacked car, and Echo rushes up and executes him with his own gun, before Otters rams the door open and Echo uses the guards keycard and biometrics to gain access.

Up top, PPJ uses his strange magic hands to reach inside the roof hatch and open it, and he and Aradia slip inside. Both halves of the team are confronted with an opaque magical barrier, and PPJ and Aradia slip through above using Aradia’s special training, while Echo and Heat open fire from below. Inside, they find 6 cloaked mages (obviously BL from the symbology), who seem to have safely paused their ritual after the security alerts the team set off entering. One of them suggests they would be wise to stop firing on the magical barrier, while another of the mages works to fortify it. PPJ manages to restrain himself, leaving it to Aradia to make the call, though the team below continues firing until they hear otherwise….

Revelations and Revenge
10/7/2024, 4:24:41 PM
Runners
Otters aka Roadkill
Pepper Jack
Heat
Echo

Aradia spends some more time researching local Black Lodge activity, checking in with Laffy, Tessa and Arcane on their own research. No major leads but definitely some concerns about strange magical happenings around town, and Aradia gets a few leads to follow up on. She also reviews the team file about what happened with the Sisterhood of Ariadne after she temporarily left the group in Seattle, and is disturbed to find that MCT may have wiped out the magical order to get the mana picture of Dis that Aradia had taken on the moon, and given to them to study. Although Aunt Clara’s mysterious Black Lodge handler “JB” remains unidentified, Aradia decides her beef is less with the BL and more with MCT/Dis, so changes her goals there. She also makes contact with some matrix sex workers, including the Catholic kink collective Nasty Habits, currently based in Hong Kong’s grid, and hosts a party/debrief for the first batch of Denver SW’ers who’ve returned from the inaugural work trip to the Seelie Court.

The rest of the group meets up and plans to get the details on Vishala’s latest hideout from Le Guide. However, the conversation quickly devolves into a debate about the nature of sentience, initiated by Echo, which ends up with StepMAMA signing the team norms and agreeing to take a cut of jobs she participates in. She also reveals that she is what she refers to as an “emerged intelligence” or “EI” (as opposed to the more traditional “AI”). She doesn’t seem to fully understand how this occurred, agreeing that she began as the expert Agent program MAMA, which was damaged in Detroit and repaired by Heat, though it seems like between something that Heat did then (but doesn’t understand) and with Test having done some astral language repair on her post-Seelie Court, she became fully sapient.

They ask if there are others like her, and she confirms that she is in contact with some, but that their secret is not hers to share, but that the team does not have enmity with them (so not Null Sect, who the team surmises would dislike her form of life anyway). Reviewing the team file, they find that she had previously used similar terms when describing the matrix sanctuary that she helped to transfer the e-ghost known as The Seer too, back when they were researching glyphs early on in Denver. So it seems like whoever this contact of hers is/are, they have been background allies for some time, so the team goes along with it. Heat insists on some parameters around how the pay is split, and they settle that with everyone agreeing to chip in so that Heat gets what would be a full share if StepMAMA weren’t counted, which seems to mollify him, though he is as usual a little weird around money stuff, or at least with how the rest of the group seems to feel about it. Maybe they’re the weird ones….

About to call Le Guide, they again pause to get the promised info they gathered on the ops team in the last mission to Rat Queen to pay off their favor owed. She confirms that this is a no morals/anything for pay crew who contracts out with the runner Clockwork sometimes when he needs a bigger physical presence beyond his drones, and that they have been known to snatch and sell TM’s. The team decides to try to burn Clockwork on Jackpoint by posting what evidence they have of his Null Sect ties, but PPJ cleverly decides to do some research first after Otters can’t remember her password, as she rarely uses the forum. PPJ sees that Clockwork is a member and frequent poster, disliked by many but very active.

He seems to hold grudges, seek revenge where possible, and hate TM’s/e-life forms. Not wanting him to know their street names/handles, they forgo posting on JP for now, and Heat shares the info with Perri at the Nexus instead, which she appreciates and says she’ll dig into further. The team finally contacts Le Guide to get things rolling, and gets the brief on her new hideout- a shipping container assemblage in an industrial park in Stapleton. She seems to have entered (looking injured) and not left in a few days, and the place is guarded by some gangers and a trio of cybered-up mercs. There doesn’t seem to be onsite magical defenses externally, but there are some angry spirits around.

With all that, the team decides to research it further themselves, and heads out. PPJ projects over, and confirms that there are more corrupted spirits, not as far gone as the ones at the ice rink, but along a similar path. They are circling the area but not approaching, and other spirits are diverting around them and the area. PPJ confirms no exterior magical defenses, but sees some small mana ebb areas, where perhaps some of Vishala’s weapons were detonated, perhaps explaining why the spirits aren’t approaching closer at the moment. Heat checks out the matrix and notices that once again, their exterior defenses and sensors are fried, and the patrolling gangers are operating with comms off, using handheld walkies to communicate when needed. There are signs that the Null Sect may have attacked the site in the matrix recently, though Heat can’t spot any around.

Otters does a surveillance pass with Morticia, and gets the guard’s patrol pattern down. The gangers seem to have fortified most of the entrances and only use a few to come and go, with the bodyguards popping out from time to time to check in on the exterior patrols, but staying inside themselves. Otters and PPJ ID the gangers as the Smooth Criminals, a human supremacist, mostly ex-military gang, that got kicked out of the Warrens during the Reclamation and is now based in the somewhat lawless Colorado Springs. It seems like the bulk of the gang is on-site, and has decent equipment and tactics, though hampered by reduced comms ability. Echo is able to ID the 3 mercs as siblings named Grim, Arbalest and Animal, ex-UCAS spec ops who went over to the merc/runner side of things post-Reclamation. They don’t have affiliation with the gang other than the military connection, and aren’t known to be human supremacists, though they are regarded as being another money over morals crew. They are much better equipped.

Doing some further digging via Mr. K and other contacts, Echo finds out that they recently ordered 6 doberman combat drones and got them delivered to their current location, but no sign of them outside. Otters also spots 3 Gomatia paracritters patrolling the 6 exterior halls of the structure, which the team knows Vishala has used before. They start making a plan, and head nearer to the site. PPJ makes Heat invisible, while keeping an eye on the corrupted spirits in astral. Heat sneaks up through the gap in the patrols that Otters spotted, and reaches in through one of the unmanned fire ports, slipping one of Otters’ stealthed snake drones inside. It slithers in, spotting a patrolling Gomatia, as well as more gangers managing hardened fire points inside. Well-set up defenses, but everyone is using walkies and speaking out loud, seemingly worried that their matrix shielding isn’t foolproof.

Otters overhears Vishala making a series of hurried and increasingly urgent calls, though she can only hear Vishala’s side, which seems to be mostly frustrated responses and growing anger and stress. Otters creeps the drone forward, and spots two brain-fried riggers, Hack and Iceman, who look to have fallen victim to lethal biofeedback (Null Sect?). She also spots 6 crates for the dobermans, one partially opened. She crawls the drone inside, also spotting the 3 cyber-merc’s and Vishala, who is wearing brand new combat armor with the face guard flipped up so she can smoke while she tries to fine a safe harbor and/or ride out of town, but it seems like she’s been burned by a lot of her contacts by now.

Otters slips the drone into the open crate, and uses the built-in data tap to get Heat access via the drone’s port. Heat hacks it and wakes it up, and PPJ also makes Echo invisible, who slips up alongside Heat and touches him to use his touchlink. Noticing that their matrix activity has attracted some possible NS attention, StepMAMA advises them to go to LOS burst comms only, so Otters drops drone control and sneaks the van a little closer. Echo and Heat use the doberman’s onboard comms to send a private message to it’s nominal owners, the cyber-mercs, offering more pay and a way out if they sell out Vishala. After a tense and terse negotiation, they agree to a (high) fee on the proviso that Vishala never has the chance to tell anyone, and that the team won’t either.

They agree, and Otters sends another snake in on autopilot, this one loaded with a Gamma Scopolamine dart. This sneaks up to Vishala and darts her in her face, the combat armor responding just too slow and closing up after she is injected and paralyzed, slicing her latest cig in half. The mercs load her up in one of the scattered crates they had set up for cover, and grab her three armored cases as well and start hauling them out. Echo and Heat slip around front and meet the van, which Otters changes the appearance of and pulls up to the door with comms off. Based on the blood up to the elbow and retracting cyber-spur on one of the mercs, it seems the gangers on door duty gave them some guff. They quickly load up the crates in the van, get their payment, and then all start threading suppressors onto their weapons as they say they’re going to stay here and clean up, seemingly doing some proactive reputation management. The team doesn’t expect they will hear of the Smooth Criminals again….

They open all the crates as they drive off, as PPJ notices some of the angry spirits starting to follow them. Remembering Creep’s tactics from the ice rink, he chucks one of the grenades he finds out the back, which luckily doesn’t have the detonator inserted yet, so seems low risk to any civilians who may encounter it, while still distracting the spirits and allowing the team to make their escape. They call Le Guide, who gives them directions to a nearby safehouse. When they arrive, they park in a rundown farmhouse, and head down into a bunker, concealed under a hatch in the thick roots of an old tree near the barn. They’ve seen that the crates, as well as the spirit grenades, also contain some one shot matrix chips of some sort, and a data drive. With the jammer hood on Vishala, they’re confident she can’t have called for help, so they muscle her down the stairs and fine LG finishing washing down what can only be described as a kill room- a fully tiled cube, with a single restraint chair over a floor drain, and a long hose attachment on one wall.

He asks if they want him to take lead, and they volunteer to do so, as well as to kill her after, which he seems perfectly happy with. Heat works on cracking the data drive, defusing data bombs and decrypting files as the team pulls off Vishala’s armor and restrains her in her stylish biz suit. Waiting for the paralytic to wear off before they start questioning her, PPJ cuts her a little with his knife, but everyone else isn’t on board for torture so he quickly stops. He does use an illusion spell to make both Echo and Heat look and sound exactly like her for the interrogation though, which should get weird. Heat finishes getting all the data with some lucky hacking, and is pretty horrified at what he uncovers.

It seems the grenades use fragments of a tortured spirit to power them., and that though this initial batch it toxic, and thus opens micro-tears to the toxic planes, Vishala believes other effects could be achieved through other means of spirit torture. She goes into great detail about how to summon, force manifestation, and then fetter the spirit to allow for this lengthy and awful process to occur, and has plans included for how to further mechanize the whole thing. The team starts to think maybe a little torture is ok after all, in this case. The chips are about as bad- inspired by the SpriteLOKs from Detroit, they contain tormented Sprite fragments, and can destroy other Sprites very effectively, or create Dissonant pool openings if used in Foundation hosts. Both very dangerous, and the team is a little worried that Le Guide took both cases with him when he left the bunker to leave them to it.

The research and note data is also bad- it looks like a lot of stolen research data from AZT and ARES dealing with portals, magitech, etc, as well as the Detroit Scar, the Yellowstone Anomaly, and the Antarctica Anomaly, amongst other things. She seems to have been selling her discoveries to MCT, while also receiving funding from the mysterious group “The Asintmah Alliance”, whose ranks she seems to have wished to join, viewing this research as her path in. However, she seems frustrated at their slowness to accept her and grant her powers, raving about how she hasn’t even received one crystal yet, unlike some base runners (PPJ??). She also apparently got tricked by Le Guide into buying the Null Sect “Clear” that the team had captured, and found that it was an even more efficient way to make the chips than regular Sprites, and set about trying to capture more- this seems to be why her matrix defenses were under such heavy attack. So LG has been working to bring her down as well as hiring the team to assist.

With some key intel, they start questioning her and make a deal- they will kill her quick if she gives them some intel, as she seems to delight in telling them they don’t even know who they are working for, but that she doesn’t want to be used in one of his twisted rituals. She reveals what she thinks is a big conspiracy to them- Dis, MCT and the Null Sect are working together! Except they already know. She does seem disturbed by the two perfect copies of her interrogating her, and quickly spills more. That trio was working with AZT, but has lately been starting to cut them out, and everyone is starting to regret involving the NS, as they are too alien to understand their goals or sufficiently control them.

She also gives some further background, suggesting that Disians may have been in touch with some on Earth (knowingly or not) for longer than the team thought, as they seem to have originated the Blood Crystal tech that the Black Lodge has been distro-ing. PPJ is a little concerned, as are the team. When pushed further, she also confirms that she sought to join the AA, though she knows little of them, because she thought their crystals and other higher secrets would finally grant her some level of magical ability, as well as power in general. She doesn’t know who the members are, as they sought her out, but says she believes the leadership is known as the “Sinister 7”. They apparently use old-school, over-manufactured tech to make themselves hard to hack or magic, and seem to be continuing some of the agenda of the Freedom Network. She says that she believes the rewards include being made a “Faustean”, and seems disgusted that she thinks PPJ has been made one and doesn’t deserve it.

PPJ reaffirms to the team that this all new to him, but they are more worried now. Vishala also enjoys mockingly telling them that LG has tricked them just as she did- he is actually an AZT agent known as “MASQUE”, ans she suggests they look into what he got up to during the AZT/AM war not too long ago. The team is a little worried, so Otters checks that the hatch is still unlocked (yes) while the others ask if she has any final words. As she starts down a path of self-justification about her rags to riches story, PPJ stabs her in the brain, quickly killing her. They exit, and LG waiting. He smoothly takes the lead, and says that they heard some things in there that don’t sound great (it seems he was recording) but that he hopes his dealings with them are sufficient to prove his rep and well-meaning. He does seem to be telling the truth, but they don’t fully agree to continue working with him.

They negotiate pay, coming out a little behind what they paid the mercs in total, but LG promises them extra pay on the next job, once he has a chance to dig into all the data Heat recovered, as well as the intel they got direct from her. Feeling a little unnerved by everything, they decide to return to the safehouse and rest up for now. They awaken in the morning to a frantic call from Arcane- someone is trying to kill him! And he wants to know who and why, ASAP. They agree to look into it, and head out.

Foundation Rescue
9/30/2024, 4:13:01 PM
Runners
Heat
Echo

While the rest of the team starts gearing up to take on Vishala’s stronghold before she can leave town, and Aradia does some research into matrix-based sex work and also local Black Lodge activities, Heat gets an emergency call from Louis Belaran of the ASPS. He tells Heat that he needs a hacker to go somewhere he can’t, and offers a sizeable payday for it. When Heat expresses his interest, Belaran fills him in: the French troll decker SIM-Eon has gotten link-locked, with his consciousness trapped somewhere deep in the matrix. Belaran thinks he must be in a Foundation or similar since he occasionally takes damage but seems unable to communicate, and everyone he has consulted says it is unsafe to merely disconnect him.

As SIM-Eon was investigating alone and ran into trouble, Belaran advises bringing a friend in, and Heat recruits Echo to watch his back, and also test out how the new runner and teammate does in the matrix. Belaran tips them to the last 3 places that SIM-Eon sent expense account receipts from as places to start their investigation- it seems Belaran was acting as the fixer for this gig, with SIM-Eon seeking some kind of valuable paydata for an unnamed Johnson. The two runners decide to post up at their safehouse and begin investigating in the matrix.

First they check out the VR version of Dante’s Inferno, the famous Seattle multi-level nightclub. They mingle a bit and spot a few avatars that look likely to be info brokers. They also see that some life-streamers are broadcasting VR feeds of the IRL version of the club to the matrix version (and vice versa), so it seems like a pretty immersive experience, and Heat already wants to come back when he has more time. They choose an info broker, and approach a blue-skinned 4 armed woman, Rei Bluestone, who seems to also be a cook or gourmand of some sort, at least according to her avatar.

After confirming that she does actually run a food cart and catering biz, they contribute to a “custom item” fund which she explains she uses to subsidize her efforts to feed the unhoused population Downtown, and gives them the info they are seeking. They’ll need to get further club access to go a few levels down to the high energy dance floor, and seek a hard partier named Sirena, who Bluestone has recently seen speaking to SIM-Eon’s avatar. Heat calls up Johnny Silver and gets a passcode to give to the VR bouncers, which works, though Heat doesn’t quite manage to connect over a shared love of the outlaw tunes.

They get onto the dance floor and circulate, with Echo keeping an eye out for an surveillance while Heat approaches Sirena. Buying her some drugs and other party favors via her publicly shared bar tab code, he gets her to take a break from frenetically dancing and manages to just hold her attention long enough to get the intel. She was an exec assistance at NeoNET before their collapse, who seems to have gotten a juicy payoff from her boss as the company was collapsing, and says that SIM-Eon wanted to know about a specific Foundation Host that her boss was in charge of shutting down. As far as she knows, everything got deleted, but she was out of there, not wanting to get caught up in the collapse.

Doing some quick research, they find that her boss died shortly after her final encounter with him a few years back, while link-locked in the matrix- something is up with that Host! Also they find some rumors that various NeoNET hosts that weren’t absorbed by other corps in the feeding frenzy during and after their collapse have either drifted off into the Wild Matrix or become home to Null Sect intrusions, some info about which is in the team file. They decide to check Hong Kong next, and use the password provided by Belaran to gain access to a private VR hacker bar Host, sculpted like a pirate ship.

They spot some interesting characters around once again, though this crowd seems to have more scrap and home-built stuff than the high end tech/TM abilities that Echo and Heat are using. They approach one of the fancier icons who again seems to be some sort of fixer or info broker, based on the frequent stream of messengers approaching her. She introduces herself as The Rat Queen, explaining her avatar of a roiling mass of rats inside a trench coat and hat. They make a deal with her to get info in exchange for seeking some revenge for her, as needed.

She says the SIM-Eon came through recently, looking to buy some intel that an up and coming decker named Blip had posted for sale, but that noone has seen Blip since and it having been a few days people are starting to worry. She tells them she sent SIM-Eon to a brothel where Blip did maintenance work and upkeep, as it seems like it was an all-VR operation, called “Nasty Habits”. Echo is delighted to arrive at that private Host, via another passcode, and find a delightfully sinful Catholic-kink themed joint, with some good looking house rules. They forward the info to Aradia for her investigation into VR sex work. Making contact with one of the priest avatars, they don’t take advantage of the confessional glory holes, but Heat does make note to return later.

The priest fills them in on Blip’s situation once they make clear they are there to help, but also warns the team that another team recently came through looking for Blip, shortly after SIM-Eon’s visit. He tips them off to Blip’s last known safehouse location, and tells them to let the Sisterhood (seemingly the org behind the brothel) what happened, as they all view him as somewhat of a little brother. Contracting a small local team through TRQ, the team arranges for them to go seek out Blip’s last known safehouse, in a houseboat shanytown, and report in on any leads. With that in motion, they head to the third location Belaran provided, the VR Host of the cathedral at Notre Dame. They arrive and find it hyper-realistic and very publicly open.

They spot various generic pilgrim and clergy avatars milling around, many of which, many of which don’t look especially familiar with VR matrix navigation. Heat also spots some security IC in the form of Hunchback of Notre Dame characters flitting about in the shadows and rafters. He calls Perri and asks if there’s anything weird known about the Host, wondering why SIM-Eon came here, but she says the only thing she knows is that many Catholics on their deathbeds or in hospice spend a lot of time in VR visiting the very high quality replicas that the Church has made of many of their holy sites, so they could look for someone who’s been logged in a while and might have seen something. She also warns them to be careful of the Catholics though, as they have their own agendas.

Heat does a quick matrix search, and finds someone who has been logged on since SIM-Eon was here, and they chat up a dying French man after Echo spends a few hours learning French with their adept abilities. He confirms that he saw their friend, seemingly being warned off by some other runners, who match the description of the other team from Nasty Habits. He says that SIM-Eon rapidly left without seeming to give them what they want, and they seemed angry but seemed to be trying to track him. With this, they get a little concerned and call Belaran to confirm that SIM-Eon’s bod is in a safe place, and Belaran confirms it is, saying that SIM-Eon did too good a job covering his tracks, this being part of why he needed them to backtrace his investigation to find out where he is trapped.

While heading back to their own bods, they get a message from TRQ, reporting bad news- Blip’s half-eaten corpse was found in his trashed safehouse- seems like local ghouls and/or vermin took the opportunity to chow down after someone shot him in the head a few days back, and locals report seeing the opps team in the area, up to no good. After Heat is unable to dig up anything about this team in the Denver matrix, they report what they know about them to TRQ, who confirms they are a low-morals, high-violence crew that sometimes bases out of HK. She also passes along what data the TM’s at the pirate ship VR bar were able to salvage from Blip’s trashed deck.

They find a message from Blip to SIM-Eon about selling the location of something valuable in the Wild Matrix, and finally also get the location of the lost NeoNET host. Feeling like the opps team may also be coming after them at some point as they keep digging, they decide to recruit some backup. Echo calls in a favor with his fixer Eddie Mustang Voss, and gets a secure hacking safehouse in the Hub, with some decent onsite protection from the attached bar, as well as the general district, but not a lot of good escape routes. They get Otters and PPJ to watch their backs from the bar, as well as hiring two runners, a Dwarf named Goldsmoke who seems like cocky muscle, and a nervous but focussed hacker named Magnum, through Stiletto, to help support Otters and PPJ.

Heading up the safehouse, they get set up, with Echo deciding to use one of Heat’s strange Silver Book abilities to be able to access Foundation levels as needed. They do a decent job navigating the strange broken physics of the Wild Matrix, way off the edge of the map of the pubic/known matrix, with only the massive hovering Host icons of the megacorps visible from their distance. They find a collapsed NeoNET Host as promised, and easily find the Foundation access, it being the only somewhat vibrant remaining part. They dive in, and find themselves atop one of a number of fragmented floating islands, covered in odd religious statuary, altars, buildings, etc, all of which are collapsed, actively collapsing or in disarray. They seem to be at an anchored portal, themed like a sacrificial altar, and see that the rest of the Host seems populated by iconography from a wide variety of religions and pantheons.

They decide to check some of the smaller islands first before heading to the largest remaining one, which is the only one that looks to have any kind of active movement. Echo almost mis-times their jump, not expecting a strange zero-g void between the islands, and neither of them are sure what would happen if they fell in, though they see bits crumbling off the edges of the islands and de-rezzing as they tumble into the void, so they imagine nothing good. Echo launchers their Agent, Paris, to assist. Finding that all the smaller island nodes’ functions seem broken, they head for the largest one, which upsettingly looks to be the Null node. Echo also recognizes the strange gold fog over everything as a blown apart and fragmented NeoNET logo in their trademark color.

Reaching the largest island, they find strange mythical beasts menacingly circling an overgrown temple, with a sacrificial altar out front, as well as a cage containing a very injured SIM-Eon. Seeing rusty stains on the altar, they think it has been used before, perhaps explaining the NN exec’s link-locked death when he tried to shut down this Host. They resculpt their avatars to try to blend in, and then both try to behave like the local monsters, with pretty good success. Echo starts circling with the other avatars and manages to fake clumsily knock one of them into the void, to see what would happen, and is once again to see it seemingly suffering as it de-rezzes.

Heat approaches the altar, and manages to knock it over, spilling forth what looks like the paydata they seek but also coming under attack from a hidden avatar that looks like some kind of odd steampunk golem. Heat is badly hurt, and Echo sends Paris to assist. The other monster avatars also start closing in on the fight around the altar, distracting them enough for Echo to grab the file and flee as Heat retreats from combat, breaking open SIM-Eon’s cage and freeing him and helping him jump to an adjacent island. The steampunk golem reaches into the open Null node under the altar and pulls forth a large vine, which starts whipping about it and knocking monstrous avatars into the void, as well as firing at the retreating team again, injuring Echo as well and nearly KO-ing Heat, though the runners do make good their escape amidst the chaos.

Their only hint as to who that other avatar may have been is that they really seem to hate Heat as a TM, so likely either Null or Null ally. They quickly retreat, helping SIM-Eon along with Paris also assisting, and Echo does an efficient job navigating them out of the Wild Matrix back to the public one, where SIM-Eon gratefully takes his leave back to his bod, and the team also drops out. They get a report that the bar came under attack from the opps team, but between bar and Hub security they were a bit under-equipped and the team there managed to drive them off with no casualties on either side, though also choosing not to pursue.

The team pays off their protectors as promised and passes the paydata along to Belaran, who thanks them for completing both halves of the mission and pays up as promised. With a solid payday in their pockets, they head back to the team safehouse to rest up and get ready to hit Vishala asap. PPJ, during some downtime, also take a meeting with Belaran, and briefs him on the situation with The Veil/Hearts of Zebulon/AZT’s astral experiments on the Shattered Lands hyperplane. Belaran agrees to get the ASPS involved with those groups and look for opportunities to interfere and help stabilize the Mile High Realm further. He also explains that the ASPS is looking to establish a spirit sanctuary somewhere, and seems to think this could be a good opportunity, potentially. He agrees to tell PPJ if they plan a kinetic response at any point, but talks him into holding off for now, saying they need to do some recon and intel gathering.

Deepfakes and Paydays
9/16/2024, 12:15:42 PM
Runners
Otters aka Roadkill
Pepper Jack
Heat
Aradia
and the introduction of: Echo

The team, returned from the Mile High Realm and worried for their safehouse, all rest up in their various secondary locations. Heat has a restless night, still feeling complicated but unarticulated feelings about the different departures of Creep and The Detective. PepperJack has the strangest dreams by far though- he feels the calling of a pack of wolves from outside the light of his mental “campfire”, and feeling they are offering rather than threatening, he approaches, intrigued. It seems the howling of the pack is drowning out some other lone, distant howls, which he ignores for now. As he moves amongst the wolves, many lick his injured hand and he finds that it has healed from the Void Rock damage, at least in the dream.

Wanting to run and hunt with the wolf pack, he slips his human skin, noticing the careful seams that remind him of the costumed Lone Wolf he saw in the MHR, and freeing the wolf inside. He runs with the pack, cavorting and enjoying himself, and on awakening, accepts Wolf’s offer of kinship and a path to power through cooperation, and goes through a paradigm shift from Lone Wolf to Wolf as a Mentor. Feeling newly aligned with “pack” while still able/required to assert his dominance against foes, he prepares to face the day, excited to notice that his hand has healed IRL as well.

The team meets up and decides they need to make some calls and get warning out about the Void Rock and what they saw of the AZT/MCT portal experiments on the metaplanes. They tip off Fargus Sol, who says he will spread the word amongst Grey Cell and their allies. He tells the team that from what he knows, this substance can only be mined on “dead planes” who have lost their magic, whether through magic cycles like the Material Plane, Scourges by the Horrors, or other means. However, this should prevent travel to and from that land, as they ought to be disconnected from the astral sea. The team recollects seeing some dead and empty bug tunnels through the rift in the sky over Detroit, and Otters re-shares the drone footage. They speculate a bit about if this could be one of the places Void Rock could be mined.

PPJ is also able to retrieve some more memories from Dis, hearing the distant howl of a wolf pack in his mind as he does so, and recalling that there were empty bug tunnels under the city, partially built into but largely empty, that he fled through to reach Kadath when he left. He also recalls that the pieces he was attaching to metahumans when working in the surgical suite mostly seemed to come from paracritters, though some may have been from other metaplanar beings he vaguely remembers that don’t feel familiar otherwise. Also, many of the metahumans he helped operate on had various tattoos and insignia suggesting they were members of the missing III Corps. He shares all this with the group, and they all spend some time discussing what this might mean.

They also discuss what implications this has for the Dis Trader that Aradia and others met on the moon, when they found the wreckage of the trapped and murdered first expedition to the Seelie Court. Thinking back, PPJ confirms that whatever mysterious figure helped him flee, it seemed to only become possible after the team used the artifact on the moon to allow the Trader to return home through a magical portal/door that revealed a sprawling, chaotic city before closing behind him. Between this and the strange Planar Convocation that occurred during the Blackouts, Sol speculates that Dis may only be recently connected and accessible, but what that means for their level of connection he does not know- it seems like some of them must have been able to access other planes much earlier at least.

Sol seems concerned, and says he may need to put some things in motion a little sooner than he hoped. He tells the team to get in contact with a local extraction expert, and test them out to see if they’re a good fit. If so, Sol will be in touch soon with details about an extraction the team will need to pull in Seattle. He explains that there are two factions within AZT, and that a whistleblower may be able to give some much needed leverage to Grey Cell to influence the internal operations of the corp. The team remembers that they passed a coded message from someone to Ringmaster after receiving it on Zecorporatum, and Sol confirms this was the extraction target making initial contact.

He says they’ve done everything they can to confirm that the target is real and sincere, but warns the team it could still be a trap, especially if the corp finds out about the target’s plans. For now, he says to test out the extraction expert and get gear ready. He sends some payment for the intel, and also tells them how to use the set of 7’s that Creep seems to have someone gifted to the team. They talk about the strange phenomena of ShadowCreep, and Sol shares some suppositions about what could have happened there, as the team recalls other past members and contacts that have appeared as limited astral manifestations as well. They head to Aradia’s Hub safehouse to do the Tarot ritual in her magical lodge, and also set a meeting with Echo, the extraction expert, for that evening, at Club Olympus. They debate trying out the same lateral thinking test that Silk used on them but decide against it.

The ritual is a success, with each of them holding one of the 7’s., chosen somewhat randomly, and feeling new powers suffuse them as the cards dissolve into their bodies. Otters feels a little luckier, Aradia feels a little sneakier, Heat gets 100 shares of some company called “Sky Brides”, and PPJ is shocked as 2 new arms burst forth from his torso. Interestingly, he now has 3 magic hands, though his previously injured hand still can not pass through things- when he thinks on it, he feels a sense of disappointment from his “passenger” about sharing so much intel with Fargus Sol, and abandoning Lone Wolf, but no further punishment is forthcoming beyond that so- net gain?

The team heads to the meet, with PPJ stopping to buy some nice new streetwear, as well as getting his armor tailored for his additional arms. They arrive at the club and meet up with Echo with no trouble, and have a momentarily confusing conversation before realizing that as well as testing Echo out and recruiting them for an extraction job, Echo is also feeling them out and aiming to recruit them for another extraction job that they need a crew for. They all agree to do some work together in town and then if all goes well, work together on the two travel jobs- both “willing” extractions, so hopefully low drama.

Heat also does some research on Echo, finding that they are ex-UCAS military intelligence, a veteran of Colloton’s campaigns in Seattle (freeing the Arcology from DEUS) and DeeCee (putting down the New Revolution coup attempt), and then transitioning into serving in her administration in a similar role. Echo then apparently blew some kind of attempt to leverage the Black Lodge to keep St Louis in the UCAS and got tangled up in trying to protect the city during the Blackouts. This wrecked their rep and they appear to have taken the fall for the busted op, with the government severing ties. Echo confirms this story when questioned, though seems a bit reluctant to discuss what is obviously a bit of a raw area. They do confirm that they are not BL-affiliated, and were merely aiming to use them in an “enemy of my enemy” way, against the Sea Dragon and Ghostwalker’s “Free City” advocacy.

Heat checks in with Hype about Horizon’s official policy on Free Cities, and finding that Horizon doesn’t care so long as they’re free to operate, and that they like Denver especially since AZT is banned, giving them more market share. Heat then doesn’t agree with Echo’s stance that Denver should be brought back into the UCAS fold, but does so politely. It seems Echo remains a UCAS patriot and is looking for something in Denver that could bring them back into Colloton’s good graces, even though she is out of power now, having lost the presidency to a far right candidate running on a “fear” platform following the Blackouts, ARES’ move, the bugs in Detroit, III Corps disappearing etc. Echo still strongly believes that Colloton is the hero this nation needs, and gives the team some context and history- her resistance to the corps and defending of lower-case R republican values/democracy/national supremacy over the corps.

The team is interested in this viewpoint, not having encountered a lot of people with these philosophies of late, but can’t dive in deeper, as they get a frantic message from a wounded and battle-damaged Stiletto, telling them she is under attack and will pay well for a rescue. They offer to cut Echo in, and they negotiate and counter on pay, with Echo ultimately impressed with their skills after getting tag-teamed by Heat and Aradia, and agreeing to the same cut as the rest of the crew. They race for Stapleton, grabbing PPJ’s ARMor (ha) from the tailor on the way. Doing some quick research, they figure out that the GPS tag Stiletto sent is ruined site of the big battle between the ZDF and the defenders of the Nexus a few years ago, which PPJ remembers well, having been one of the defenders.

He briefs the team on what he remembers of the site, including the escape tunnels underneath and the one exit point from them that he knows of. However, based on matrix chatter, it seems that the blasted ruins have been left to grow over by the ZDF, after initial excavations didn’t find any survivors or intact servers, and uncovering the sealed tunnels showed them how the Nexus made their escape. Echo is intrigued to hear that the Nexus is still operational, as the official story is that they were destroyed in this battle. This checks with the team’s experience of them in Denver- hiding out while focused on the matrix side of things. They reach the site, with Morticia scouting overheard.

Although the official Nexus memorial is at the other abandoned site in Co Springs, it looks some informal memorials have been tagged here, showing a lighting-wreathed Nocturna, and bearing lyrics from Johnny Silver’s rebel anthem “Guns of Chrome”. They start doing some investigation, and quickly spot some groundwolf nests in the vicinity. Using Otter’s knowledge, they recognize that there are unarmored ambush predators, who attack from their hidden burrows. As they fear fire, PPJ uses some well-placed fire grenades to keep them well underground while the team searches the area. They find a damaged old truck partially hidden in semi-collapsed ambulance bay.

Otters and Heat stay in the van, with Heat detecting some failing signals inside the hospital building. The team follows some tracks and signs of combat in, noticing that there was some big magic used, with PPJ and Aradia confirming that some of the magical signatures look like Stiletto at least. They continue, and find 4 broken corpses- Heat spotted their fading piezoelectric signals. It looks like they were all killed with magic and/or knife wounds, and PPJ uses Death Replay on one of them to confirm. Echo is a little surprised by the use of Blood magic, but PPJ asserts it is merely Death magic and Echo goes with it. Otters has the Mule drone along, which starts looking for more tracks with Echo, spotting that someone made false tracks down one tunnel, and then backtracked and obscured their footprints down another path.

PPJ reports that it looks like an injured Stiletto did indeed win the fight, but that she was wearing different armor and looked a bit different that in the call they got. Worried about a trap, they call Mr. K- a Johnson and fixer both the team and Echo have worked with, and ask if he’s heard from Stiletto recently. He gets her on the call using a different number than she had called the team from (which Heat hasn’t been able to reach since), and she seems very surprised that they are there, and that they are saying she requested their presence. She does come out from her hiding place further in the complex, warily, with her assensing the team and them assensing here to confirm they all are who they appear to be.

With that out of the way, they assume it’s a trap of some sort, and Otters and Heat take a panicked look around outside, barely managing to get the van out of the AOE of the initial grenade, magic and sniper attack. Heat conjures up a Machine Sprite to help Otters defend the van, which she does a miraculous job of for quite some time, though still taking some hits, with it eventually getting knocked out by machine pistol fire from two street sams after they are forced to abandon their grenadier position due to Heat using some well-placed suppressive fire. Otters manages to take out one of the same with the van HMG as it dies and grinds to a halt.

Inside, the team plus Stiletto end up in a close quarters fight with two adepts, who some recognize as two of The Auditor’s bodyguards from Denver/LA. With Echo providing some critical shotgun assistance, they manage to take down the two adepts with no casualties, with big aid from Aradia cleverly using illusions of Stiletto trying to escape to draw them out of cover. She also heals Stiletto to get her back in the fight, and boosts both her and Echo’s speed. Otters brings the Mule back to the entrance as the rest of the team also approaches in cover. After some more clever illusions and volleys of fire back and forth, the team manages to take down the other sam and the mage, though the sniper may have escaped- they aren’t sure.

With the gunfire momentarily halted, they hustle Stiletto into the Valkyrie module while Heat and Otters desperately try to rip parts off of her shot-up truck to get the van running again, with the help of another Machine sprite, and some leadership guidance from Echo and Aradia. PPJ thinks about the vehicle magic that he saw and learned on the MHR, and thinks he might be able to do something- he tries out a new spell, and manages to get the van sputtering back to life, with the rest of the group doing some hurried fixes to get it moving. With it still badly damaged, PPJ adds some spell protection as well, and Otters gets Morticia up in the air again to act as long-range scanner.

Echo confirms that the likely plans was to flush the team into the complex with this ambush attack, driving them into the tunnels, and then have kill zones set up at the exits. Using PPJ’s memory, Otters checks the likeliest locations for these kill teams, and spots 3 off road vehicles speeding towards them while one remains guarding the tunnel exit area. Heat launches some grenades into the hospital to obfuscate their escape path, sending the unstable structure further into full collapse. Otters races off, using Mortitica’s eye in the sky to take a stealthy path north away from the complex, headed up to Brighton where Stiletto says she knows a street doc and a safe place they can hide out and debrief.

With some impressive driving, Otters manages to slip the net the enemy vehicles are trying to make around the zone, and they race north to Horse Trot Ranch, where they head into one of the secure cabins, with covered parking, and Aradia having changed the van’s appearance with another spell. They head inside to rest as the veterinarian Raw Dog shows up to tend to their wounds. He is delighted to see some of the team again after they warned him he was in danger during the money cow job, and gets to work. Stiletto also pays some staff mechanics to start patching the van up, after ensuring Otters of their discretion. They debrief, and realize they need to make some calls, warning other contacts of potential traps.

They start with The Collector and Silk, who thank them for the warning and confirm they have already picked up on some “intrusion attempts”. Agreeing with the team’s suggestion that they need a better way to avoid more deepfake tricks, TC proposes using a one-time pad code encryption system, after confirming some of the team is familiar from Detroit or other past activities. He says he will set it up and start distributing the pads throughout their growing network of allies. He says once this is done, it may be time to organize a meeting between all allies to plan their response, but that this will take some time to set up. Heat next calls Perri, who is less worried about fakes and encryption with all the Nexus’ Technomancers, and as Creep didn’t have much intel on them anyway.

Heat also reports in all their findings on GW from the MHR, closing out that job, and much to his own dismay convinces himself and the team to trade for a favor instead of money, with Perri agreeing to use the funds she had set aside to pay TM’s at the Nexus to help TC with his encryption and secure comms effort. Lastly, they call Le Guide, who is saddened to hear of Creep’s death (though quickly moves on), and after receiving their bad news, says he has some good news to cheer them up: he finally has managed to track down Vishala! He says she’s hiding out for the moment, but he assumes she is probably aiming to leave town, so they shouldn’t linger too long.

They explain they need to rest and repair and get ready, so he says he’ keep an eye on her for now, and they agree to be in touch soon, planning to negotiate pay on the tail end based on what they are able to recover from her defended base. Le Guide requests her alive if possible, for interrogation, as well as capturing whatever data and tech they can and destroying anything left behind. They agree, but for now, rest up. In the morning, all feeling much better from Raw Dog’s ministrations, they negotiate with Stiletto for pay (less than offered in the deepfake but some, plus some favors) and then set a meeting with Alexis Glimmerscale to sell her all the GW info from the MHR, Seelie Court, and Endless Archive. Stiletto also tells them she will likely have more work for them soon, as her investigation is obviously getting somewhere since they tried to kill her.

They head over to their church HQ in Stapleton, and meet up. After a lengthy and intense debrief, Glimmerscale seems thrilled with the amount of detail they’ve uncovered, and pays extra for intel on the corps who are actually causing most of the rifts, which the team provides. She doesn’t currently seem interested in hiring them to try to breach the hidden 5th area of the MHR, though she confirms PPJ"s assumption that it is likely the mountain’s interior. Heat negotiates a big payday for all they found, with Echo’s assistance, and they split it up appropriately, before Glimmerscale asks if they found anything about Rex Coll. Thinking back to their chat with Nadja Daviar at the Seelie Court, they realize they actually might have.

Daviar had broached the question of “what happened to all the live bounties brought into the Draco Foundation over the years?” and the team knows that Coll has long overseen that department before ascending to his current leadership role. With PPJ’s recovered memory of implanting paracritter and other parts onto metahumans on Dis, they wonder if Coll may perhaps be in league with the Disians, or some faction of them, and share this with Glimmerscale, who seems very worried, and says she needs to talk to some people about making some moves and plans, and confirms she will be keeping some of the information they sold her to herself for now while she does so. With another promise of future work once things are in place, they head out to gear up for going after Vishala.

Void Rocking Out
9/9/2024, 10:51:18 AM
Runners
Otters aka Roadkill
Pepper Jack
Heat
Aradia
the Retirement from the Shadows of: The Detective
One Final Ghostly Appearance from:: ShadowCreep

While crossing Iron Horse Nation, PPJ has had a growing awareness of some conflict in his mind. He focuses, and can sense that there are two Wolves fighting- seemingly more traditional Wolf, the mentor, as well as his variant, Lone Wolf. Strangely, Lone Wolf seems to be someone inside a very realistic wolf costume, made of the wolf’s skin and carefully sewn. However, PPJ spots a few seams and a few times where the figure doesn’t quite move correctly. He can hear the snapping of other Lone Wolves supporting one side, and the howling of the packs supporting the other, but not sure what it means decides not to participate. He tells the team, and they wonder if this has something to do with what happened to Lone Wolf while they were at the Seelie Court, when PPJ provided his strange mental presence access in exchange for the return of his powers. Knowing that Mentor Spirits can both be trapped and corrupted, Otters is a little concerned, but PPJ brushes it off for now.

Carefully crossing the twisted bridge, covered in barbed wire and tank traps, the team makes their way into the City of Steel. They encounter a border checkpoint, more heavily fortified than what PPJ recalls from his prior visit some years ago, and see both a large collection of mirror-masked and trench-coated guards, and many large screens displaying a closeup of a bloodshot, unblinking eye, staring at them as they approach. After some back and forth with the guards, Heat agrees to check his weapon, surrendering it into their secure lockup in return for a chit, while Aradia is allowed to keep her knife focus, as it has a legit magical purpose and isn’t a large blade.

They are all split into separate lines, and ushered forward for what seems largely like a customs interview. Luckily, they just have time to concoct a shared, largely true story, and all manage to talk their way through without any trouble, with assistance from having a package to deliver to Mystics and Magicks. Heat almost gets in trouble by referencing working for the “Big Man”, forgetting for a moment that Ghostwalker would surely never work with an AZT subsib, but manages to course correct and bribes the guards with some reagents to get a little further access to the city. They get approved to travel to 3 of the 7 districts, and head into the first.

Otters just barely spots a strange, small shadow that sneaks through the large border gates into the checkpoint after them. She sees it follow Heat, carefully staying right behind him and out of sight of the border agents, following him through the line. Otters tries to share some pictures with them team, but can’t get a clear shot without being too obvious. However, the shadow looks distinctly like Creep’s silhouette. Strange! They team chats about it after clearing the checkpoint, and a thin line of shadow turns sideways and reveals itself to be shaped like Creep. It gives many of the team a hug, but seems to only communicate gesturally.

Finding themselves in a chaotic street market amidst a shantytown, with buildings of all architectural periods towering around them, they approach a cabby for some local intel. He accepts some payment from Otters, and explains that they are in Mish-Mosh, the chaotic district that those not approved for other districts all end up in. It seems like a kind of a mashup of all the leftover places of Denver- the Warrens, the Barrens, various other neighborhoods caught between things. Not seeing anything they need at the market, they get a ride to the Sun Sector, where the cabby tells them M&M is located. Hilariously, this is only a brief walk across the market square. Also, the cabs seem to be free, but willing to take advantage of out of towners, so they plan not to pay in future.

The team heads into Sun Sector, with those that didn’t fit in the first cab walking over to join and quickly catching up. PPJ wants to hang back, not feeling good about further assisting AZT, especially since they didn’t yet help the Hearts of Zebulon, but ShadowCreep pushes him in, so he staggers after the group. They find M&M easily amidst the dingy, overcast district. Despite the general downer atmosphere, the people of the district have done a lot to make the place nicer- warming paint tones and the like. The team can see a large step pyramid at the end of the district where it abuts the mountain ridge that wraps the city. They can also see a lot of Sun/Path of the Sun iconography, so this definitely seems like another AZT affiliated area.

However, since they know GW wouldn’t tolerate their presence in astral Denver if he had a choice, this either means he is so distracted that he doesn’t know, or he doesn’t have a choice, implying that though The Authority that oversees the city may be a manifestation of his authoritarian tendencies, it isn’t actually GW himself. PPJ remembers that the Sun Sector was present the last time he was here, though it was gated off and not accessible- it seems like GW’s “Great Reclamation” has opened the borders in the City of Steel as well, even to districts he would prefer not to include. The wristbands they were all given on entry seem the only restriction to travel, with The Authority’s guards casually scanning their color bands at entrances to different districts.

Entering M&M, the team find some friendly shop keeps, who seem to be material plane metahumans residing here. Heat and Aradia hand over the package, after PPJ quickly assenses it and recognizes trace blood magic. He’s still not happy about handing this over to AZT but, out-voted, goes along with the team decision for now. Heat, taking a guess, asks the clerk why they’re receiving Blood Crystals, and the clerk seems surprised, though definitely does know what Heat is talking about. He hurries into the back to unpack it and get it into the safe, but Heat gets the impression that though the clerks seem somewhat in the know about AZT’s activities in the Shattered Lands, this was likely a package of reagents, foci, or similar and not actually Blood Crystals.

However, this is good intel to be careful what specific info they share here. Heat negotiates for pay for the courier journey, and the other clerk recognizes Aradia, having been told to expect her, though they refuse to engage in the sexual banter requested by Simonetta Chandra, despite Aradia trying to get it going- she quickly drops it when the clerk seems uncomfortable. Heat gets them a spot to stay for the night, and an opportunity to do some work in exchange for AZT forging more access bands for them to get them into 6 of the 7 districts. PPJ really wants to get into the 7th district, but the clerks explain that (wink, wink) even if they COULD do that, it would require a major, no questions asked, service from the team and a little time to put together.

They decide to do the smaller job first, check out the 6 districts, and then see if they want to pursue that further. They get job intel, and head next door to a small bunk room where they all rest up for the night. Otters spends a little time reading about magical theory in a book from the shop, but is disappointed that she still can’t learn to cast spells. The next day, the team heads back out to Iron Horse Nation, collecting Heat’s weapons at the exit. Crossing the bridge, they find the 3 iconic smugglers awaiting them once more, and this time take the multi-sidecar motorcycle. Telling him they need a ride, he takes them to an overlook, where some figures are huddled below at a makeshift camp, seemingly planning something.

PPJ can detect they are fellow followers of Lone Wolf, roughly split between metaplanar manifestations and sapient spirits and/or material plane denizens. They make some various plans to steal some vehicles, and at Otters’ suggestion decide to leave not witnesses, so Otters concocts a poison made of TD’s stash of opiates mixed with Heat’s Gamma Scopolamine, which ShadowCreep delivers into the food and drink at the camp. Once the GS paralytic effect hits, the team strikes, killing all 6 of the people below with guns and spells. Aradia summons an Earth spirit to bury them, who seems not to like this Mad Max-y place due to all it’s pollutants, while Otters welds together two of the dead smugglers vehicles into one supercar that can carry the whole team, equipped with a flamethrower and HMG.

Heat gets Aradia to magically disguise the two of them like wealthy investors, and Otters drives them straight into the nearest town, parking in front of the bank and sheriff’s office. PPJ, invisible, sneaks into the sheriff’s office as the sheriff comes out in heavy welded together armor to see what’s going on. Metal shutters are dropping over doors and windows all over town while SC spots and points out some deputies with rifles atop some nearby roofs. Heat fast talks the sheriff while Aradia casts an illusion to make a large satchel of gold, and they convince him to bring them into the bank to make a deposit. They meet an elderly teller, who slowly starts counting out the illusory coins, while SC turns sideways and slips through the bars, sneaking around to check out the downstairs vault.

SC finds an assortment of goods locked up on shelves in one of the cells- it seems like the basement doubles as the town jail. Also, it isn’t a full vault, merely a large safe. He turns sideways to try to slip through the gap alongside the safe door, and succeeds, though he notices himself starting to fade as he does and pulls back, but not before seeing a strange rock chunk on a pedestal in the safe room. He heads back upstairs and gestures to the team to try to warn them a bit, but they don’t quite get it, so Heat convinces the sheriff to take Aradia down to examine the vault before they commit to the deposit, while Heat distracts the teller, who Creep has spotted has.a shotgun mounted under the counter, and warns Heat of.

Meanwhile, PPJ hasn’t found much in the sheriffs office except a rolodex style calendar, which he peruses a bit, finding that the sheriff has been threatened by the Disians into cooperating in some way. Having heard all the stuff next door in the bank, he slips in there and follows Aradia through the barred door after the sheriff, with Aradia providing a critical distraction to keep him from getting spotted. They head downstairs, with SC joining them again. Aradia converses with the sheriff a bit about why the goods are stored in a cell and not in the safe, and the sheriff fails to bluff past it, not yet noticing that the illusory gold is starting to flicker and fade. SC also start to fade again, slowly.

PPJ uses his magic hand ability, and reaches through and unlocks the safe door, but then experiences a shocking pain as his hand withers and shrivels, barely pulling it back in time before it solidifies. As the safe door swings open, PPJ and Aradia’s spells all fail, their foci and fetishes deactivate, their reagents crumble and neutralize, and SC starts to fade faster. The sheriff tries to warn Aradia against casting a spell, but she tries anyway, and gets hit with the drain but no other effect (the same happens to PPJ as he tries to slag the sheriff’s gun from behind him). With the sheriff now onto them, and clutching his withered hand, PPJ flees up the stairs. Aradia tries to bluff that she wasn’t involved in all the scheming but the sheriff isn’t quite buying it.

Luckily SC has spotted some dynamite in the lockup, and slips in, grabs some, lights it low on the fuse, and shoves it in the back of the sheriff’s armor. This basically blows him in half, also wrecking Aradia’s armor but freeing her from being trapped down here. She also flees upstairs, fearing whatever anti-magic effect is down here. SC stays and continues to fade. Heat rushes down after dodging a shotgun blast and taking out the aged bank teller in response. Outside, the deputies have gotten nervous and started shooting at the welded together buggy car, but Otters starts spinning it, kicking up dust, while TD fires off the flamethrower to discourage them. PPJ quickly takes the deputies out with targeted lightning bolts as he dashes out to the car.

Downstairs, Heat scoops up the strange rock, overcoming a feeling of mundanity and malaise to do so, and then hugs SC a final time as SC disappears into vapor. He dashes back upstairs expecting to make a quick escape, but finds that the team has taken out all visible opposition, as the townspeople hide in fear. They wrap the rock in PPJ’s duster, and tie it 20 meters behind the car, dragging it along as they drive off, just out of range of it’s effects. The mages are disturbed and pissed about what just happened, and Otters is stressed about drastically changing the balance of power by providing this to AZT, concerned it could easily be weaponized. As she sneak drives away to an isolated location, the team gradually talks it through and recognizes that AZT already has a dragon-killing nano-weapon, and ARES already has FAB-III, and other corps have other anti-magic weapons. So while this is surely a powerful artifact, it doesn’t seem likely to trigger a total shift in global power structures.

Thus reassured, they dig a hole and bury it, noting that as with the safe room, the earth packed around it seems to somewhat blunt it’s effect. Thinking about it, the closest thing they know of are astral voids, aka Fovae, but they’ve never heard of those being transportable before, though the rock seems to work in the same fashion. They head back to the City of Steel, having an easier time entering as they have already done the security interview and have their wristbands. They reach M&M, and Aradia heads in first, pissed off, but is slightly confused when the clerks eagerly agree to replace all her lost reagents and only want more details on what occurred. The team debriefs, and provides the location where they buried it to the clerks, who tell them that it sounds like this is the rumored substance known as “void rock” of Fovaeum. They seem very excited to get their hands on some, and quickly agree to upgrade the team’s bands, put them up another night, and at Heat’s insistence, provide some of the local food.

They go back to the bunkhouse to rest, and find a sad stew and old bread awaiting them. Rejecting this, they eat their packed rations instead, and sleep, with a quick convo before where Heat realizes he may have cause SC to fully fade by hugging him with the void rock, but then convinces himself that SC is obviously now living in the void rock, so it’s fine. Unable to sleep, Heat patches some damaged armor and waits for morning. When the rest of the team arises, they find that their upgraded bands have been delivered as promised, and head out to check out the other districts. They find various representations of modern Denver throughout- a tech sector on the rise, various Native American Nations on the borders, the lingering legacy of the divide of the UCAS and CAS, etc, but nothing truly stands out until they reach a heavy security checkpoint into the 7th district.

Unable to pass, they look past it and see the wrecked Tower of the Broken Heart, which looks to have once been three stories, with various atriums and balconies, but to have collapsed in on itself when it split down the middle. It appears composed of hearts made of stone, all cracked, broken, and dripping thick black blood. Various figures are studying it and seemingly attempting various stabilizing rituals- these seem more like material plane mages, and the team surmises this may be another location some of the team’s GW has been sending in have wound up. Not seeing a good way to sneak through or get more intel for now, they decide to call it good on the investigation, they decide to return home, and perhaps return for further work if they can get paid for it. Comparing the state of the tower to his memory of his past visit, PPJ confirms that much of this damage is new, likely from when he helped destroy Zebulon a few years back.

The Detective also announces that they’ll be leaving, retiring from the shadows after an enjoyable dalliance with the team. They will return to the Seelie Court for now to report on the threat of the void rock, as well as warning of the MCT/Disian/AZT conspiracy where they can. They will finish some investigations there, and then when they feel ready they plan to return to Motor City, and pick up their old life there- get a new apartment, a new tub, and reconnect with all their old contacts and clients, at least those who survived Bugs and Blackouts. The team is sad to see them go, but this does all make sense, except to Heat, who seems to have a very difficult time saying goodbye. He instructs StepMAMA to start programming a chatbot using Creep and TD’s chatlogs, and after assuring StepMAMA that he will also seek therapy/help IRL she agrees and gets to work. TD takes off to make their own way back to the Seelie Court.

The remaining four head back to M&M, with Heat retrieving his weapon from the entrance now that they have the upgraded clearance, and all step through a portal back to a rural area just south of Denver. Otters, delighted to be back online, calls the van and drives it down to them. Worried about what MCT might have gained from Creep’s capture, and warned by StepMAMA of some attempts to use Creep’s credentials, but not his internals, to log in to the TacNET (which she blocked), the team decides to proceed cautiously, and Otters does a thorough scan of the safehouse while PPJ projects over to check it out astrally. Not seeing any threats or evidence of intrusion, they do however spot 4 Tarot cards on Creep’s bedroll under his usual resting place, and see that is the full set of 7’s.

They decide to risk a trip to the safehouse to retrieve the cards and their gear, leaving only the Roseanne bot there to continue surveillance. Otters and Aradia head to their private Hub safehouses, while Heat and PPJ stick together and head into the Warrens, sheltering at Dracula’s coffin motel in the Paradise Lost Mall. They rest up and prepare to sell their GW paydata to Perri and the COTD, and to figure out next steps for work, new team-mates, and safehouses, as well as determining who to carefully warn about the void rock.

Creeps Last Ride
9/2/2024, 2:15:40 PM
Runners
Otters aka Roadkill
Pepper Jack
Heat
Aradia
the Brief Return of: The Detective
and a Sad Goodbye for: Creep

Meanwhile in the Seelie Court: The Detective received a message from Arcane, along with the first batch of visitors from The Order of the Garter. Following up on this, The Detective decided to head to the Mile High Realm to temporarily rejoin the team to finish out the Ghostwalker investigation, before tendering their resignation and staying on at the Seelie Court full-time. They booked passage on one of the sand-ships that sails the astral seas, and got delivered to the Black Canyon, seemingly waking up aboard an odd train as it emerges from cavernous tunnel in a mountainside.

Spotting Iva Linus Hathaway, TD tries to get their attention, but they seem a little vague and distant (kind of like ThinkTank in the Library of Alexandria), though they do fill TD in on payment options and where they can get off. Having heard that the team planned to start their search in the Shattered Lands, they decide to get off there, and pay a small amount of life experience, as well the unique memory of their bathtub getting blown up by a missile, for the transit. They both hear and feel the train respond as they make their payment, sensing that the contributions are also it’’s fuel.

As the team had fed one of these astral trains Iva’s Soul Coin as payment in Detroit, this could explains why this ghostly version of her is acting as a porter here also. Regardless, TD, stays aboard and avoids the temptations and lures of the dark forest on either side, wary of the numerous eyes gazing out from it’s depths. Some of the other passengers are not so steadfast, and jump from the train, to their peril. TD eventually arrives at the lone platform at the edge of the Shattered Lands, dust and windblown and seeming largely abandoned.

The last stretch of track is a wild almost loop-de-loop rising over a great void, apparently GW’s attempt to keep the hyper-planes from drifting further apart. TD also makes some quick conversation with a group of mages and spirits that looks like one of the team’s GW has been sending into the Rifts for some time now. They seem to be taking measurements and performing experiments aboard the train, but seem a little fuzzy on exactly how long they’ve been there, and don’t seem to actively be doing any harm or directly causing Rifts at the moment.

TD continues on foot into the Shattered Lands, hearing the distinctive boom of Creep’s hand cannon and heading that way, eventually spotting the geodesic dome in the distance. At the dome, Heat has called the retreat and lays down some covering fire while falling back behind some low hills and hummocks to avoid return fire from the drones, 3 of which emerge from the open structure. He does succeed in getting most of the team to begin retreating, and in keeping the injured APEP Rift Jumpers from flanking them. Otters, being first to flee, is also first to spot TD approaching, and they are able to provide some critical leadership to PPJ and Aradia to get them up and moving away from the dome.

PPJ is also on fire, as the Rift Jumper he had been grappling with immolated shortly after their death, which TD helps him put out, just before it would have knocked him out. Aradia gets taken down by a spell from whatever mage is targeting them, but Heat overrides her Auto-Injector to get her up and moving quicker, and they all retreat out of line of sight. Unfortunately, Creep also gets taken down by a spell, which finally defeats his amazing ability to dodge, and gets dragged inside by the drones, as they and the Rift Jumpers retreat back in and the dome seals itself up.

With no signal from Creep, and having seen him flatline on the TacNet from the combo of magic and drone fire, they keep falling back, aware that if they are to attempt a rescue they need to rest and regroup. They spot a lone cabin in the distance, and head there, hoping for lowkey shelter for the night. The denizens seems like planar manifestations of “frontier people” in a kind of generic, hardscrabble way, but are friendly and welcoming enough. The team notices that while outside the cabin, there is a permanent midday sun, while inside there’s snow and cold outdoors. Stange. They make a deal to rent the odd collection of mounts out back of the cabin the next day in exchange for help clearing some fields, and spend a few hours healing and patching armor, before huddling under the table to sleep.

They chat with the settlers the next day while they quickly clear the fields, and get warned of the dangers of both the dome and the town on the plane, especially for outsiders like them. It seems like the RIft Jumpers and some cultists in town engage in trade of some sort, often including live captives. The dome also seems to get off-plane visitors using anachronistic craft, and does also seem to sometimes host parties. Regardless, they realize they are not properly equipped to try to rescue Creep at the moment. They catch TD up on the state of the investigation, and Denver more generally, and TD does the same re: their investigations and the Seelie Court.

With their work done early, they take the mounts (a skeletal biomechanical clydesdale, an armor-plated and horned rhino-horse, and a small drone-like mule). Otters proves a dab hand at animal handling, even without the ability to rig any of these. After some tense discussion and interpersonal dynamic navigation, they decide to go to the town despite the warnings, with Otters and PPJ watching the mounts outside of town, while the rest of the team sneaks in in disguise to see what’s up and try to get some info. Aradia and TD disguise themselves and Heat, and they walk into town, finding a classic, iconic “old west” town, basically straight out of a movie. They notice the townspeople seem split about half and half between looking approving and disapproving towards their cult disguises.

The townspeople also seem split between more planar representations like the farmers- kind of ill-defined and generic, and more more independent, fully defined spirits. They also see some non-spirit denizens, who mostly seem to be affiliated with the cult. PPJ and Otters, doing some bird drone surveillance via Morticia, report that this cult is almost surely a metaplanar representation of the Path of the Sun, the official state church of AZT, though this version seems a bit inaccurate, and definitely ahistorical to the region and time represented. This gives some good tips on how to play it though, so they make a quick plan and head towards the church, but not before spotting PPJ trying to sneak into town, not in disguise.

His vindictiveness and hatred of Blood Magic got the best of him, and he snuck off from Otters while she was in full VR in the drone, and headed in. He almost instantly gets spotted by the sheriff as an outsider, and a classic high noon standoff takes place on main street. PPJ subtly waves Heat off when he offers assistance, and the other 3 hang back and blend in with the townfolk who have cleared the street. PPJ tries to intimidate the sheriff, but ends up getting it reversed on him, and heads to the saloon to drown his sorrows, with some mocking laughter following him in.

Luckily the bartender claims he is famously neutral, and when PPJ offers reagents in exchange for info, proves to be quite useful as a source of general info. Even more interestingly, someone casually bumps into PPJ while passing by and tells him if he opposes the cult, to go to the general store and ask for “the Heart”. He heads out into the street to do so. Meanwhile, the other 3 have blagged their way into the church, the newest-looking building in town (PPJ found out that the AZT faction is definitely not original to the town, but also not brand new), having intimidated the two young acolytes outside, who seem like local converts.

Inside, they have a little more trouble, as they don’t know the right passphrases (or language), but manage to con their way through, explaining that they are Earth visitors to the Mystics and Magicks branch in the City of Steel, and being entrusted with a sealed package to deliver back to M&M. Heat also holds his hand in the magnified, burning-hot sunlight in the center of the church, until his skin blisters, both to prove his faith and because he needs to feel something punitive, as he blames himself a bit for what happened to Creep, but as the team’s “leader” can’t let on to anyone that that’s going on.

They also see that church uses magnifying lenses for their sacrifices, explaining that the sun will purify everything. They get the feeling that although some of the cultists seem like true believers, the material plane leaders are aware that they are to some extent running a scam, though they do seem faithful in their way. The team, between conversation and assensing, gets the feeling that this church and the sacrifices are designed to gradually alter the mana of the local area, and maybe eventually the whole plane, which GW surely won’t be happy about, if he isn’t aware already. They send a warning message to PPJ that the cult seems to specifically target outsiders.

He receives this as he is walking into the general store, so decides to first get some local duds, which he does, replacing his burnt coat. He then asks for “the Heart”, and is ushered into the back, and shown down a stair into the basement, hidden under a false barrel. He heads down and finds some local denizes waiting, these seem more of the free spirit type. After doing some initial establishment of bona fides, PPJ shares what the team knows about the situation with the MHR, the Veil, GW, and the cult. In exchange, the spirits explain that they are members of “The Hearts of Zebulon”, the astral group that the team knows is allied with the Veil, with each group generally tending to their side of the divide.

The HoZ explain that they want GW and other material plane dwellers to stop meddling in their plane and affairs and leave them be, confirming that the meddling is what is causing the Rifts. However, GW seems to only be responsibly for around 1/3rd of the Rifts with his current activity, trying to keep the planes from drifting further. He has been maintaining the increasingly tenuous transit connections between the planes to keep them all loosely affiliated, and though the HoZ say he is certainly dangerous they don’t view him as the current largest threat.

That honor goes to a group they refer to as “The Dissonants”- this seems to be the alliance of MCT and the Disians (“baldies”) that the team has been running up against. The Null Sect don’t seem to be present here at least, but interestingly, the HoZ confirm the farmer’s intel that these Dissonants engage in trade with the AZT cultists, especially of living metahumans. This could explain what’s been happening to all the people who have been going missing through Rifts of late, including many Veil members, as well as some of what’s been happening to all the team’s GW has been sending in and not getting back. The HoZ also explain that they think the sacrifices that the cult performs, as well as gradually aspecting the local mana, are also powering up some strange crystals that they’ve seen them trading to the Rift Jumpers.

Recognizing Blood Magic when he hears of it, PPJ follow this topic further, and the HoZ confirm that the crystals seem to be used to both power and stabilize further Rifts, along with who knows what else, which is deeply worrying. Speculating together, they guess that these Dissonants are using GW"s distraction, bad reputation for caring about civilian safety, and the pre-existing presence of Rifts due to his past with Zebulon as cover for their own Rift experiments, and they guess that the Dissonants are using some random Rifts to sow chaos while also obscuring their true agenda, whatever it is.

With that, PPJ vows to help them somehow, with them providing some tips as to how he could do so. They sneak him out of town, and he rejoins Otters, as the rest of the team also heads out and meets up with them, with the package from the church for M&M in tow. They decide not to open the package, as it has some anti-tamper seals, but also decide not to help the HoZ locally right now by attacking the church, which PPJ is really pushing for. Heat wants to finish the main job and get paid, Aradia doesn’t want to alienate valuable allies at AZT, and Otters, though initially excited about helping locals, is quickly convinced to go the other way with no regret. TD stays out of it, as they are exiting the team shortly and don’t want to make big decisions for the group.

They head “north” on the mounts, reaching a perilous, crumbling land bridge towards a welded together metal wall, crowned with spikes and towers of scrap- the crossing into the Iron Horse Nation. Three atompunk looking figures yell down at them, as they dismount, and send the mounts back towards the farmer. The figures offer a number of different challenges for the team to complete to be allowed to travel on, with them deciding to all stick together and participate in some kind of car combat race known as the “Wreckoning”. They are ushered in, and Otters quickly gets very pumped when she realizes she can rig the scrap built war rig they are provided to use in the contest.

The limited rules are explained, and the team members all choose a station to man in the rig, with TD ending up as the gunner, being the best of many mediocre options, as Otters is busy driving and Heat is doing the hacking station. They kick it off by launching smoke and then slewing to the side, with Otters going offroad and taking a hard route, trying to sneak to the finish line while avoiding other combatants. Aradia assists with a distracting illusory car in the main scrum. They manage to reach the track exit first, but having been told that they will earn little respect if they deal no damage, they set up an ambush, and wreck the first other rig to reach the end with a combo of gunfire, spellcraft and ramming.

Otters guns it out of the track in reverse, and the team are told they have free travel of the plane, though they are on their own as to providing personal security etc. It seems very post-apoc, everyone for themselves vibes, though there are hints that are more established communities, the team is told that there are run by boring, crusty sheriffs trying to establish “order” instead of embracing the churn of the rest of the plane. The team decides to bypass all of this for now, and takes a ride from one of the atompunks on his gyrocopter. He flies them up to the crossing to the City of Steel- another tenuous and twisted bridge, but this one of modern alloys, covered in tank traps and barbed wire, and leading to a high security checkpoint.

The team prepares to cross, planning to rest again once they get inside, as they aren’t feeling good about sleeping securely in the current plane. Meanwhile, Creep awakens in captivity, and finds himself interrogated and Mind Probed by one of the baldies. As he is paralyzed by Gamma Scopolamine, he doesn’t have a ton of options, and he refuses the offer to go over to the other side. Sensing that he may not get a better chance to take his own way out, he uses his internal router to eject all his limbs, and then vents all his air from his internal tanks. As he loses consciousness, he senses a growing burning in his chest- seemingly Thisbe Sorrel being good to her word re: her ritual to deny his body to the Shadow spirits whenever he died.

As he fades into nothing, his last hope is that all the vented oxygen will create some kind of explosion, maybe taking out the baldy or at least doing some damage, but he feels good that at least he didn’t betray his friends….

Geodesic Glory Hole
8/26/2024, 9:55:27 PM
Runners
Creep
Otters aka Roadkill
Pepper Jack
Heat
Aradia

The team rests up from the previous couple of jobs and waits to hear back from Le Guide on Vishala’s whereabouts. They get a call from The Collector and Silk, inquiring if they are down to do another job of making connections between different groups in town. After pausing to do some largely inconclusive but vaguely positive digging on Silk, they get back to them and Heat negotiates for pay. They are told it is once again an info gathering job, this time looking into the ASPS. TC and Silk want the team to find out if two local ASPS members, Hypnalia and Louis Belaran are: free of Black Lodge association; not a on a suicidal revenge quest against Ghostwalker; and generally trustworthy/open to allies.

As the team already has a decent rapport with Belaran from helping to rescue Ersatz, the Refugee, they figure this sounds very doable, and agree. After trying to convince Belaran to meet in person, and finding him too busy, they take up his suggestion of an astral meet, and decide to try to do both interviews at the same time, in case anything sketchy arises, so the ASPS members can’t compare notes. PPJ and Aradia project over to the agreed upon meeting spot and find Belaran’s projection waiting. They have a friendly convo, and find that he seems to check all the boxes as required.

They also find out that he is more of a global fixer/floater for the ASPS, traveling to problem areas to help troubleshoot. He gives them a little further update on the situation in Paris, and France in general, and also provides some tantalizing details about Ersatz’s strange powers. Belaran also passes along Ersatz’s thanks to the team for helping to rescue him from the Black Lodge and others who didn’t have his best interests at heart, so it seems like they made a good call trusting Belaran then and feel able to continue doing so for now.

The rest of the team does some research and calls up some contacts, and eventually tracks Hypnalia down to the Viper’s Den bar, the former home of Harlequin’s resistance against GW, in the Aurora Warrens. Only PPJ has been there before IRL, but weirdly, most of the team recently visited a strange version of the bar in the Reflecting Pool, when Chiron assisted them on their dive there. They drive over, and Creep ID’s members of two gangs hanging out- the Vipers street gang, and the Blockade matrix gang. He’s heard rumors they’ve teamed up recently, and as the team enters the bar they do so that both gangs seem to be tag-teaming some surreptitious security, as well as outnumbering the civilian patrons.

A small group of mages at the back are maintaining some illusions for the patrons’ enjoyment while also conversing amongst themselves, and Heat approaches, announcing that they are seeking Hypnalia.After some slightly tense rep checking, the team is invited to sit for a chat, and does so. Hypnalia seems a lot more guarded and cautious than Belaran, possibly due to the fact that she seems charged with actually sticking around and getting this chapter up and running.

However, she does confirm that she despises the Black Lodge, and though she also doesn’t seem fond of GW she says that she is too busy trying to help the denizens of Denver deal with magical threats to pursue revenge in either case, and that any of the gangers (who seem allied with the ASPS here- one faction providing magic, one matrix, one physical) were dumb enough to openly oppose GW they would not still be around. After some dancing around it and hinting at stuff, Heat confirms that the team is basically in the same boat.

Confirming that Hypnalia’s rep for ruthlessness, but not cruelty, seems accurate, and having fulfilled the other requirements, they feel out her interest in allies, since she seems more locally in charge than Belaran. She requires them to ID who they are working for, and feeling that will assist mission success, they do so, gaining Hypnalia’s approval, at least for now. She warns them in return that Cat, the fixer, is more affiliated with GW than she lets on, and tells the team to make sure they know what kind of work they are doing for and what info they share. With that done, they report back in to TC and SIlk and get paid. Still not having heard back from Le Guide, they decide to head back to the metaplanes, specifically the Mile High Realm, to finish their investigation into “what GW is up to” for the Children of the Dragon and Alexis Glimmerscale.

They do some research and gear up, refreshing on the nature of the 4 known and one rumored connected hyper-planes, and also on how to go about traveling to, from and between them. They decide to pay Silver Streak to smuggle their gear over to Arcane’s and get portaled in again, aiming to land in the Shattered Lands, which PPJ is so excited about that he adds a new stylish duster to his costume store western wear. The smuggling and portal go off without a hitch, though they also tip Arcane off to start keeping an eye out for dark magics in town, telling him they’ll pay for any intel he passes along. They also hear from Glimmerscale that a Catholic banisher/exorcist from Boston was approved to enter the city to take care of the Shadow spirits possessing the family in Sunshine Estates, so that’s good.

They enter the Shattered Lands, and with the biodrone aloft get a pretty good luck at the place. There’s a feeling of endless mountains rising to the “west” and grassy plain descending into infinity to the “east”. To the “south” they see a rickety train track extending off over an open void from a dusty, ill-used platform at the plane’s edge- this seems to be the broken connection the Black Canyon and it’s creepy forests, though it’s possible the track would still carry them over if they followed it. To the “north”, they start to see some oil spills and tire tracks, as well as some smoke clouds, suggesting that a crossing to the Iron Horse Nation is somewhere that way. They also see various communities scattered around, seemingly the plane’s representation of different periods of history and people from around what is the modern FRFZ.

However, the team becomes fixated on a large geodesic dome, which squats anachronistically a few hours walk away to the “east”. Having heard rumors that an MCT exec has settled in the MHR and occasionally hosts interesting parties, and is also obsessed with the 6th World Tarot, they decide to head there first. Some of them are near blinded by the aggressive reflections from the dome as they approach but they manage to jury-rig some solutions and reach it with no trouble. Heat and Creep knock on the outside, and receive responses on a small screen. After affirming that they have Tarot, and flashing a card to prove it, the team threatens to leave when they refuse to hand the card over in exchange for entry.

This is when the ambush is sprung. Only Aradia and Creep notice in time, and the rest of the team comes under fire from what Aradia recognizes as an APEP Consortium rift jumper team. This also explains the odd perfect circles she has seen near the dome. There are also some vehicle tracks, both of local carts and wagons and more advanced craft. PPJ is snared in the initial attack and reeled in towards one of the attackers as the other team-mates dodge. A massive firefight breaks out. The opponents seems quite skilled and hard to hit, but between Otters with a Mule drone, Creep, Heat, and distracting magic from Aradia and PPJ, they manage to take one of the rift jumpers out and injure two more.

However, Otter’s drone is destroyed when she is forced to use it to defend her prone body, and PPJ’s fancy armor is also wrecked. Also, someone starts countering their spells to various degrees. Heat launches a grenade inside the dome as a crack starts to open, and blows something up as it deflects along an inner wall. Then the team comes under suppressing fire from a drone with a mounted mini-gun. They flee and take cover, with the rift jumper team also having fallen back into cover in response to the team’s attacks. After refusing an offer to throw down their weapons and Tarot in order to be allowed to leave, Heat calls a tactical retreat and they begin trying to figure out how they are going to get out of there….

Blackout Investigation Part 2
8/19/2024, 11:42:05 AM
Runners
Creep
Otters aka Roadkill
Pepper Jack
Heat
Aradia

The team hurriedly makes good their escape from the vicinity of the ice rink in Elbert, with PPJ making Heat invisible alongside Aradia who did so for herself. They sneak back to the truck, joined by Creep with the experiment fragments, and after finishing off the LoneStar support drones, Otters pulls the Mules back as well, and repositions the van. Once everyone is loaded up, they leave town, with some slightly off-target shotgun blasts booming out behind them. Otters take a deeply off-road route through mechanized farmlands, with Heat spoofing various sensors that they pass to avoid detection. They reach more normal road grids with a new van skin, spoof chip, plate, and magical look, and reenter normal traffic.

Feeling like they lost any potential pursuit, they decide to take a look at the recovered fragments Creep has in his leg. Assessing them they can see that they aren’t alchemical, but do appear related to spirit summoning and binding, as well as some other mechanism they are having a hard time ID-ing. They also can tell that possessing the fragments or being in their presence is slowly aspecting everyone’s background count, with Creep already showing lingering signs, so they probably want to offload these quickly. They decide to keep doing evasive driving for the moment while Aradia uses Psychometry to further analyze.

She touches the fragments and gets pulled back in to some vibes- it seems like some techs set them up in an area in the center of a large ritual circle, which Aradia recognizes bits of from Creep’s footage from inside the rink. The sigils of the circle seem related to summoning and binding 6 different “standard” forms of spirit, from some of the closer planes. However, the grenades seem to torment them and corrupt them by opening micro-rifts to a toxic plane (likely Miggon or near to there), though the explosion and corruption seems to have blown bigger than expected, based on them abandoning the site immediately after they blew the doors off.

Piecing this together with Creep’s intel and what they know of Vishala’s interests and experiments, they determine that what she is doing is two-fold. First, she seems to be testing her new “corruption grenades” to see how quickly they can corrupt spirits and turn them toxic, and also how that effect changes related to the power of the summoned spirit (since Creep saw 6 spirits of varied Force). Secondly, the experiment also seems to relate to the blimp experiments that caused the local blackouts- seeing how quickly they could force a change in background count in an area, in this case by trapping and tormenting/corrupting bound spirits.

Since this is all quite nefarious and they are all now carrying a small amount of toxic taint to their auras, they call up Le Guide, and arrange to meet him at a nearby wildlife refuge in Stapleton. Otters does a little research, and realizes the refuge is a former USA chemical weapons testing site, so given the rampant growth in the decades sense and the likely lingering toxic traces, it seems like a great place to do a magical item handover without getting spotted. They head there, meet up with LG, and hand over the fragments. He has brought some kind of shielded bag to carry them in, and pays up, gladly paying some extra when Heat explains that the job wasn’t quite a milk run after all, despite his previous assurance that it would be.

Heat and Aradia burn the SINs they gave to LS, and Aradia replaces her own, while Heat gets a new one with team funds, to avoid going into further debt with another team-mate. LG says he will be in touch about next steps once has time to analyze the fragments and search around town some more, and the team agrees they are still interested in pursuing this matter. They mostly head back to the safehouse to rest, though Heat and Aradia split off to head into the Hub to check out the new Basilisk brothel. Arriving, they find that some of the advertised statues made of misbehaving patrons are parked out front, with digital signs around their necks showing how long they have left to remain calcified, seemingly based on their infraction, some of which are fairly obvious from the poses in which they are frozen. Heat peruses the digital service menu as they enter, and tells Aradia to call him if she needs help, heading off to have some fun, at a rate which he can afford.

Aradia chats it up with a Lamia bartender, seeing that the staff also includes, Nagas, various Shifters and a variety of Changelings, including one of the new, rare Garuda types. There is also a hooded basilisk in a comfortable enclosure off to the side, as well as more statues scattered about the interior. Aradia accepts a “Blow Me” mixed drink, with some poisonous extractions from a rare fish (or at least the synthesized equivalent) adding a little frisson, after the bartender recommends it as a compliment to Aradia’s novacoke high. Aradia passes along info on the Order of the Garter, and the bartender agrees to distro it to the workers here, explaining that they are all independent contractors, with the owners providing the space, security, and client screening resources.

Satisfied with their outing, Heat and Aradia head back to the safehouse and crash out. The next day, they get some news: the ZDF, with a quiet Horizon assist, has raided the Shedim outpost in the Englewood Barrens, and taken down their smuggling op. So sounds like PPJ is even with Doublewide. Horizon seems to have done some careful PR as well, though not quite in the direction the team wanted- the news stories all hint that the dark magics in the area are likely leftover from AZT’s time occupying it, and also clear Knight Errant of the rumors of involvement in area residents disappearing by showing evidence that some of the missing people turned out to have been grabbed by Shedim.

As to whether either of these claims is partially or fully true, who knows. Ghostwalker also takes some subtle hits for being distracted enough to let Shedim flourish, but it isn’t the official narrative, and seems consigned to fringe forums. Also, an A-rated Japanese corp called Komatsu was apparently destroyed in a bungled data steal raid after they apparently developed technology to keep metaplanar portals open and stable. Rumors in the shadows seem unclear who was behind the raid, or how Komatsu managed such a discovery.

Heat gets a worried message from one of the 3 guards they paid for info on Vishala, telling him that he and one of the others had to flee town and hide out after their 3rd colleague was killed by a group which tagged “Omega Dawn” at the murder scene. He had apparently been talking positively about trying to set up nonlethal arrangements with runners to reduce the risk to guards, and word reached the corporate death squad, who targeted him. The surviving guards ask for Heat to tell them if they’re clear to return safely sometime.

Heat calls up Johnny Silver to warn him of the risks to the ShadChaps, after PPJ relays the tale of his run-in with the OD in Boston- when he was kidnapped and tossed into the Temple of Terror and being interrogated (unsuccessfully, due to a fortuitous magical mind wipe from the team’s allies). Talking with Johnny, Heat gets the background- the OD is a cross-corporate, ultra-secret cell-based terror group, mostly comprised of corpsec who has lost friend, coworkers, family, etc to runner activities. They are officially renounced by all of the corps, though everyone assumes they must have some reasonably high-level supporters, as they always seem to have top-notch gear and be able to get around easily.

Heat also calls up Hype to warn him, and Hype seems not overly worried about his personal safety, though he appreciates the heads up. He asks for an update on the ShadChaps, and is disappointed Heat has allowed himself to get pushed out of day to day involvement, telling him to get back involved and make sure he picks the right allies as the ShadChaps are getting established locally- there are some organizers who will assure longterm success, and some who won’t. Heat says he gets it, though he assures the team afterwards that he means that in a different way than Hype does. They also get a call from Le Guide, offering a side job. He makes clear that it’s a favor for a contact of his, and not a job he’s personally invested in, but the French Touch corp collective needs a runner on the run extracted back to France. The team says they’ll look into it.

The runners name is SIM-Eon, a troll decker, and they quickly find posts from him on both Jackpoint and The Nexus, suggesting he’s a well-connected runner in the French scene, and has become one of the go-to “local experts” on Paris and it’s surroundings for the international runner community. He seems generally well-liked, so the team mostly balks at doing an extraction, with many wanting to instead help him out. Creep wants to remain loyal to Le Guide, with the rest of the team leaning partway or fully towards assisting SIM-Eon to various degrees. First Heat calls Perri, and gets more info.

Apparently, SIM-Eon pulled a job and needed to lie low for a bit afterword, but it was big enough to attract corp attention in a bad way. Perri is worried because the enforcer of the French cyber-democracy, and massive Expert System named “Marianne” has apparently been broadening her reach, doing open-source intel gathering and some light hacking around the world to track people who have caught her interest but escaped the reach of her physical sensors. Worried that SIM-Eon will accidentally get tagged in the background of some random tourists snap-shots or something, the Nexus have him laying real low right now.

Also, there’s another interested party- GW himself apparently heard that the runner was in town, and wants him brought in- GW has a long running interest in Marianne, and may want a captive in-house expert on both that system and how to avoid or subvert it, especially if he is looking at setting up his own version of it in Denver, as he is rumored to be. This pushes most of the team over the edge into wanting to actively help SE. Creep still prefers loyalty to Le Guide, so they compromise a bit, and call LG, telling him that SE is friends of friends so they can’t take the job, and can’t recommend other runners to take it, as they’d be in the same position.

LG says he understands and appreciates the caution, explaining that he will still have to track down some local contractors to look into the matter, but will avoid sticking his neck out for it or expecting success, but must still appease his contacts and keep them happy. Feeling that he legit isn’t bothered by this turn of events, the team puts SE in touch with Arcane about arranging some alchemical disguises to avoided detection, while Heat puts together some high quality forgeries showing evidence that SE has been spotted in Seattle, St. Louis, New Orleans and elsewhere, hoping to hint that he is hiding out in various other locales, all of which happen to be under the Sea Dragon’s matronage.

They get a “thanks!” message passed to them through the Nexus from SE, and an assurance that they now have a solid French connection, if it becomes useful. They next hear from Ringmaster, and catch up a bit about events in Denver and Detroit/Motor City. Ringmaster wants them to find some kind of amoral dirt on Seader-Krupp, in order to tempt the Iron Cavalry merc corp (who the team recently encountered at the Horse Play brothel) away from SK employ. Ringmaster says he has lined up a contract for them through Evo, to ensure pay continuity, but explains that the International Mercenary Association is a stickler about breaking contracts, so they’ll need something good to get the IC away from their longterm employer.

He says he can’t tell them more at the moment about why this needs to happen, but ensures them that it will be for the good of metahumanity in the long run. They agree to look into it, but don’t have any current leads. The Collector and Silk call them up, and ask them to take on another investigative job for them. The team agrees, and gets an info packet with two areas to investigate, especially for astral weirdness, both corresponding to local blackouts they had previously investigated. TC and Silk also mention to the team that they know the team had previously looked into the blackouts for Peregrine, but warn that he is too closely tied to SK to be able to trust that he will do the best thing for the people of Denver, and not instead use what info they find to make a move against GW, since Lofwyr is beefing with him. The team agrees to keep the info exclusive, especially since Ringmaster just subtly warned them that SK is up to something potentially nefarious.

They head to the first area, stocking up on some gardening and surveying supplies and appropriate uniforms, and gaining access to the human supremacist Archer Heights neighborhood, bordering the Aurora Warrens, the site of the former eugenics clinic. They spend a while taking measurements and doing some public area lawn care, with Heat’s quickly forged business website holding up to casual scrutiny. Aradia and PPJ begin analyzing the local mana, which is definitely off in some way, and find a small fear-based background count. It seems like the strange magic they had previously detected, which in retrospect seems Disian, is absent.

Heat can also see that the large Dissonance pool previously present has shrunk in a normal fashion, as it seems it hasn’t been tended to, so that at least is good news. Otters keep an eye out for threats approaching, but sees none, and Creep spots a scared child watching them from a nearby house, which looks to have a suspicious amount of recently added locks added to it’s entrances. They decide to look into it more, with Creep sneaking up and seeing the child mouth “help me” before being snatched back into what can only be magical darkness. He starts picking a lock to get in, as PPJ projects in, planning to manifest to get a look around.

PPJ checks for auras in the house, and finds 3: the child, and 2 adults, who seems to be Shadow spirits possessing living humans, and who are masking their auras. Seeing that they’ve been spotted, one of them races to attack PPJ, who flees to his body quickly after being injured, for once rejecting astral combat, wisely. He preps his astral armor spell in case they’re going back in as the team debates strategy. Creep gets the door open just as PPJ’s astral form retreats and hears some creepy, gravelly whispers from inside before the door slams shut in a gust of dark wind in his face. Proper haunted house.

Realizing that they don’t have the right tools and skills to banish the spirits without harming the hosts, who are likely the girl’s parents, they decide to call in some backup, and just focus on the data, since that’s what they’re getting paid for. After some debate, they contact Alexis Glimmerscale at the Draco Foundation, who seems surprised they’re calling for a favor on another job without ever reporting in on the job they were doing for her. Aradia blows her mind with a progress report on all the info they uncovered on Ghostwalker at the Seelie Court, and says they’ll get around to finishing the job soon, and Glimmerscale agrees to coordinate with the ASPS to bring some licensed banishers to town.

She says they’ll maybe also have to coordinate with the Catholics to get some banishers in who will be approved by GW/ZDF border security, since the FRFZ is a safe haven for spirits and all, but says she’ll handle it. She asks for more info on what they’re investigating, and the team says they’ll give their Johnsons her number in case they want to coordinate info. PPJ and Aradia finish assensing the area, but decide to also analyze the other blackout area before drawing any conclusions. The team calls up Silk and TC as they drive, report in on their findings so far, and put them in touch with Glimmerscale- they once again seem excited to be expanding their pool of allies and say they will coordinate with her to try to save the family.

Heading way south to Colorado Springs, the team uses the same disguises to enter the Sunshine Estates private neighborhood there, which they know is a front for a secret AZT spec ops deep cover team, as well as being a functional gated community.

PPJ and Aradia start assensing again, with Heat confirming the same depleting Dissonance effect here, Otters spotting a few undercover AZT security people around town but not on alert, and Creep eventually noticing a blood trail leading into a corner store, with a snapped dog leash out front. They pause to investigate, heading inside to find a badly injured man bleeding out on the floor, while some customers try to stabilize him and the shopkeep yells about who’s gonna pay for the mess. Aradia steps in and magically heals the injured man, though his lower legs are nowhere to be found, and Creep pays off the shopkeep to shut him up. Everyone seems very surprised and impressed that a gardening crew has a magical healer on staff so they decide not to stick around too long, but do get a quick tale of what happened.

Apparently the man was out walking his dog, when a massive armored bear came out of nowhere and bit off his legs after chomping on him. His dog leapt to his defense, getting the bear to let go of the man, before it grabbed the dog and ambled off somewhere to eat, seemingly planning to return for the man. Doing some magical analysis, they get the feeling a rift had recently opened and closed in the near area, and assume the bear isn’t from her. Otters quickly tracks it via blood trail to a nearby alley where she sees it finish swallowing the hindquarters of a large dog.

The bear is tusked and does seem to be wearing armor, so the team speculates this a fighting bear from some astral arena, and likely a plasma. Given justified fear of the massive beasts, including from PPJ and other past team-mates’ direct encounters, they decide to pass this problem off as well. Aradia calls up Aguila, the local AZT covert ops team lead (and Blood practitioner) and manages to subtly insult him again, though also offering him the chance to take down a major threat in his neighborhood. She also passes along one of the sample experimental bioweapons that Simonetta Chandra gave her, and tells Aguila to report the results into Chandra to score some further points in the corp.

Aguila accepts, and PPJ and Aradia finish their astral investigation before the team quickly leaves the area. They get a call from Chandra a short while later, saying that she got an encoded message passed to her from the corp ops division, reporting that the bear was not a shifter, so the experimental weapon only got half a field test, but proved quite damaging, and also that an image was included, of Aguila holding up a bloody collar, seemingly taken from the bear, with a sigil of a massive sword crossed over a broken stone ring. Doing some thinking about the symbol, the team thinks this bear likely came from the metaplane of War/Battle, specifically from it’s sole city, known as Coliseum, where endless bouts between varied combatants take place.

Putting this together with what they found in Archer Heights, as well as the larger astral investigation, they put together that the blimp experiments there seem ongoing, in a way. The fear of blackouts was enough to tip the local mood and manasphere over a precipice, to where they established a fear-based background count, which attracted more rifts and more dark spirits, which created more fear, etc in what seems to be a slow-moving but potentially self-perpetuating cycle of astral worsening. Contrasted with what they figured out about Vishala’s experiments, it seems like MCT is pursuing at least two paths to triggering large scale mana shifts, one passive and slower (the blimps, blackouts, fear route) and one faster and more active (the spirit corruption).

This is very worrying, for obvious reasons, so PPJ and Heat tag-team another impressive presentation to the Johnsons, who once again say they need some time to analyze, but seem impressed, and happily pay the increased rate that Heat head negotiated for. The team rests up and prepares for whatever comes next.

Rural Ice Rinks
8/12/2024, 10:58:28 AM
Runners
Creep
Otters aka Roadkill
Pepper Jack
Heat
Aradia

The team, returned from the Reflecting Pool, brief Heat on what they found there and chat for a while before Chiron gets bored of driving them around and drops them back off at their van- he hadn’t wanted to stay stationary after their return just in case, as the smugglers had left and taken their advanced warning systems with them. They start heading back to town, but Otters decides to make a stop near their safehouse at a uniform supply shop to freshen up her duds, and then Heat and Acadia convince everyone to go clothes shopping at a fancier nearby mall instead.

Otters and Creep both get some new formal wear for appropriate occasions, and PPJ updates his “ronin” cloak with a low-sling old west style bullet belt and a piratical eyepatch, both from a costume supply store. Although the others aren’t 100% about this look, they head out in their new outfits to meet again with The Collector and Silk at Club Olympus, in the Hub. They have once again rented out a private room in the interior of the central mountain, and Creep makes a point of stating that they dressed their best to try to change the Johnsons’ impression of the team from the previous meeting, which seems to amuse Silk. Aradia has helped PPJ out a bit and made his look more unified while still being very “him”.

PPJ takes the lead on presenting the info, doing a kind of classic “red string” conspiracy theory board in AR, though Heat also jumps in to clean and clear everything up a bit. With the two of them they cogently present the info they got in the Reflecting Pool and the Johnsons are appropriately disturbed. After confirming that the team is fully briefed on the dangers of the Null Sect, they confer for a while about what this could mean, and offer the team more work in the future once they have time to process this and figure out next steps.

Heat asks if they want to drink and party a bit since they’re in the club, and they demur, saying the info requires some immediate thought and analysis. They do arrange to pay the team a little extra to broker a potential intro to Stiletto, so they can hopefully collaborate, as it seems their formerly parallel investigations are intersecting. Next up, the team stops by the new Centaur-run brothel, Horse Play. Aradia has already been white-listed it seems, due to her work with the Order of the Garter, so they have an easy time getting in, past the muscular Centaur bouncer.

Creep recognizes that much of the security staff as well as many of the patrons seem to be members of the Iron Cavalry, a merc corp sometimes derogatorily referred to as “The Freak Show”, a sobriquet that they have embraced. It is made up primarily of Centaurs, shape-shifters, and other metasapients, and tends to get some unique work opportunities due to it’s unique composition. What they are doing on a deployment in Denver is a good question. Perhaps due to their presence, there are also a fair number of other off-duty mercs in the bar, outnumbering the civvie’s there.

The team makes themselves at home, with Heat bemused when Creep has a successful social interaction with the bartender, when he asks for an “Alpha CENTAUR-y” and the bartender chortles and says that he’s renaming the bar’s cosmos as that from now on. Creep is delighted. Aradia converses with some of the staff about the potential safety risks of drastically different size mammals copulating and they explain to her some of the various methods and means they have of addressing that.

Since the place seems legit and up to her standards, Aradia asks the bartender to spread around some invites to TOoTG amongst the employees, which he agrees to, as he says that everyone here is “grass fed and free range”- seemingly making a little joke of his own. But it seems to fit with the general do no harm ethos of the owner’s other business around the corner, the popular vegan restaurant “Feed Trough”. PPJ partakes of some of the services offered after getting chatted up by some employees who seem to perhaps correctly identify his costume outfit as some form of fetish wear.

With that complete, they head back to the safehouse, where Aradia is shocked to find a new Tarot card on her pillow, right where she laid her head to go to sleep in the Reflecting Pool- it is a variant version of The Fool (which they’ve previously seen in the 6th World Tarot as “the Bastard”) but seemingly from one of the other two strange new decks they’ve encountered in the meta planes. The team reviews drone and other sensor footage around the safehouse and don’t see anyone dropping it off, so it seems to just have manifested, as the Tarot is sometimes wont to do.

Aradia stays up to magically analyze it a bit, trying some assensing and also psychometry. It seems to have some of the same powers and possibilities of the 6WT- both useful as a tool of divination and potentially summoning, but also for a variety of different ritual or artifact purposes. However, the magic behind it seems a bit different, and Aradia feels the closest thing she’s seen to it is the strange magic from the baldies, entities they have now identified as Disians. The team analyzes and speculates about the card for a while more, before tabling it for now and deciding not to use it at the moment, as Heat is the one pushing it and he finally comes down from his evening’s high and loses interest.

They crash out and rest up. Awakening the next day, they find a waiting message from Le Guide (they have decided to start calling him this due to his French connections and to avoid confusion with “The Collector” etc). He apparently has a new lead for them on Vishala, and wants them to get to it soon. However, PPJ has something he feels he needs to deal with first, and gets the team on board to help him do recon on a trafficking org that’s operating out of Englewood Barrens, in order to pay off his debt to Doublewide, the strange underground fixer that he met on his way back from Zecorporatum.

The team mostly agrees to help, with Heat insisting on being paid, but then getting flustered when Otters offers him too much money in a way his pride can’t handle, and eventually settles on knocking off a small portion of his remaining debt to PPJ instead. They prepare to head out as Heat does a matrix look and Otters does a drone flyby. Heat sees very little matrix activity in the Barrens, and the team briefly discusses trying to get a side job to get connectivity up there before Heat realizes that the area is likely an informal sacrifice zone, used as an example of GW’s wrath, as it used to be AZT turf, and the lack of reconstruction and level of destruction there seems intentional.

They decide to just do that job and get out. With a little research on forums, they also find out that there is a large tent city in a park that is the main population center, alongside scattered smaller groups squatting in the ruins, and the only business in the area is a multi-block Knight Errant live fire training facility, that they got on the cheap after GW’s “Reclamation”. There are rumors of people going missing semi-frequently in the Barrens, and some of the darker rumors suggest that KE may be kidnapping stragglers from “live targets”, though this is far from confirmed.

On the drone flyby, Otters sees that the nursing home that the smugglers are using as a base is fairly well-maintained for the area, with boarded up exterior ground floors and a nice looking interior courtyard. However, all the elderly people she see’s there are shockingly spry, moving about with a purpose, seemingly unattended by any staff, though there are people of a variety of ages alongside them from time to time. Worried that some of the rumors of “dark spirits” in the area could suggest a Shedim infiltration, Otters heads back to the safehouse with the VTOL and picks up PPJ, to do some assensing. PPJ masks his aura quite well, luckily, and they do another surveillance pass seemingly undetected amidst the various flyover traffic above the Barrens. PPJ confirms Shedim, partially by spotting that all the natural growth in their immediate area have died, and the verdant appearance is provided by fake potted plants.

Otters is also able to spot some healing surgical scars on various of the people they observe, including what look to be major organ and limb swaps and the like. The team speculates that Shedim would be perfect for an organ-legging group as allies/employees, as they can keep the bodies “alive” past the point of death and rapidly heal wounds, and this gives the Shedim a relatively stable “home” for a time as well. Disturbing! Not wanting to deal with it themselves, they come up with an easier alt plan, and bandy back and forth who to take it to, before eventually settling on utilizing Heat’s connections in Horizon.

As this is a major get, it should boost his contact Hype’s ranking in the corp, which is a nice side benefit, as he will now owe Heat some favors in exchange. They pass along the intel on the facility to Hype, with Heat emphasizing that it getting dealt with is the top most important item, and that the team wants it spun such that it can be used as anti-GW propaganda- his neglect is allowing Shedim and organ traffickers to flourish! This could also explain where all the missing people in the area have been ending up. Hype says to leave it in his capable hands, and seems excited about the opportunity.

With that done, PPJ hopes it will get quickly wrapped up and word will get back to Doublewide so that they’ll be square. Heat also settles up his info debt to Prophetess and the Followers of the Ancient Way for using their Resonance Well at the Temple. He debates feeding them some of the info the team found out about GW and the dangers he poses in his request to reinstantiate Zebulon, but decides against it to how close Prophetess is to the dragon, and instead gives them a detailed update on the political situation at the Seelie Court, which they seem delighted by, as current info on that plane is hard to come by on the matrix.

The team finally calls Le Guide back, and gets the update: following their leads, he had sent spirits searching around town for an overlap of corrupted mana with Dissonance build-up, and found a spot where it looks like Vishala set up after setting up the team and fleeing her previous lab. She seems to have also vacated this locale after something blew up, big, there. He wants them to get down to the rural district of Elbert and check it out. Heat talks the pay up a decent amount, and they do another remote recon.

There is a bit of matrix activity in the immediate area, including a LoneStar presence, who seem to have closed off the long-shut ice rink building where the explosion took place, for further investigation. Otters confirms there is a small LS presence on site, it what looks like a dilapidated farm town, long collapsed for the most part, with a few small businesses and inhabited house clinging on. The team heads over, with Otters sneaking the van around to avoid being spotted by LS. Creep sneaks over the ice rink on foot, PPJ hangs back in the van to do some astral recon, and Aradia and Heat head into town on foot, with fake ID’s and fancy duds on, posing as interested investors.

Heat and PPJ confirm Dissonance and toxic magic, with Aradia jumping in to confirm PPJ’s findings- there is also an increasing mana ebb starting at a short distance out from the edge of the ice rink, and strengthening inward. Creep sneaks around the back of the building and starts picking one of the ancient padlocks there. Aradia and Heat chat up the lone worker at the dingy restaurant where they also find two of the cops hogging the coffee and pie. Conning them into believing that they are agents of the owners of various building in town, they insist on seeing the damage for themselves, and one of the cops begrudgingly agrees to take them on a drive through the damaged areas in his cruiser.

He points out the blast marks emitting from the doorway of the ice rink and explains that LS nailed up the plywood over it til they can get some proper arcana-investigators out here to figure out what’s going on in there. He then starts probing them on what building they own exactly, and they disastrously confirm that they are owners of the ice rink, amongst others. He locks the doors and seems thrilled that he’s got them detained, as the cops will now finally have someone to question! They’ve had no luck finding suspects, owners or anything else so far and he seems to think this will look great for him in his report that he managed to corral these two.

Heat protests as the cop starts calling back into base to report their SINs, and then squelches his signal, as well as to keep him from contacting the other LS cops and drones in the vicinity. The cop seems to recognize he’s being hacked, and tases Heat, injuring him, before Aradia casts an agony spell on the cop and Heat starts to draw his gun, at which point the cop tases Heat again, frying his armor. Otters and PPJ reposition with the van and some LOS, with flanking stealth drones, to provide support as needed. Aradia also gets a silence spell going as the cop turns on his sirens and starts racing towards his allies, seeking assistance. The drones start to follow the silent speeding car as the other cops take cover and draw their weapons, detecting that something is wrong.

Meanwhile, Creep has easily cracked the rusted padlock and gained access to the rink. It looks to be in a bad state of disrepair from decades of neglect, before the recent wreckage of the explosion. Creep spots a few toxic spirits milling about the rink in a circular motion, spiraling in towards the center, and trying to grab at something, but coming away empty-handed before spiraling further back out and then trying again. After watching their movements for a while, he thinks he gets a feel for their speed and patterns, and cautiously makes his approach towards the center, presumably helped by his low essence and Gnomish resistance to magic, though he gets a bad, skin-crawly feeling as he closes in.

Outside, Aradia has a bright idea and uses an illusion to make it look like some toxic magic is occurring that could be causing all the chaos in the cop car, which spooks the driver so much that he dives out at full speed. PPJ decides to make his moves as he can the other cops shouting that they will open fire if the car doesn’t stop, as Heat and Aradia duck and brace for impact. PPJ unleashes a targeted anti-gun acid spell, and melts all three of the cops’ weapons, which they frantically drop, not knowing that the limited spell can’t actually harm them. Distracted, they are then all bowled over and sent flying as the speeding car slams into the sideways cop car they were taking cover behind.

Otters uses this opportunity to open up on the half dozen support drones present, distracting them from Heat and Aradia, who, though injured, are managing to escape the wreck, with Aradia turning invisible. Between the Mules and the van, Otters easily accounts for the LS drones, which all seem to be running on local dog-brain mode and can’t deal with a skilled rigger and a massive amount of firepower. Heat debates frying the cops’ electronics to try to save his and Aradia’s SINs but as they may have already been reported decides flight is probably the better option, and he and Aradia head for the van.

Back inside, Creep has got close enough to the center to see that items there are fragments of about a dozen grenades, which look like the custom-fillable kind, all detonated. He cautiously approaches and grabs a few fragments, at which the spirits all turn to him and start to pursue. He flees, chucking the fragments as he goes. Seeing that the spirits chase the fragments, he dashes back to the center and grabs another handful of fragments, tucking a few into his leg compartment as he races for the exit, and throwing more off to the sides to distract the pursuing spirits. He manages to make good his escape, and starts sneaking back towards the van as well. Now they just need to exfiltrate from this super rural area without getting caught!!

Zero Factor
8/5/2024, 11:00:58 AM
Runners
Creep
Otters aka Roadkill
Pepper Jack
Aradia

The team goes to report to The Guide while Heat continues to seek info in order to have something with which to pay Prophetess for use of the Resonance Well at the Temple of the Ancient Way. Aradia passes along their intel and suspicious to TG and he says he will continue their investigation, looking around Denver for places where Dissonant and Toxic corruption overlap to see where Vishala may have moved her experiments to. Reminding them that he pays well, has a solid rep and has yet to betray them, he inquires if they’re open to further collaborations and Aradia says that they are, and he says he will be in touch when he has more info on next steps.

Arcane also gets in touch and says that while helping Aradia set up Order of the Garter works trips to the Seelie Court, he got a message from The Detective- they have uncovered some of the backstory of the Jewel of Memory! They also report that they are continuing some other investigations with the court detective Ashokasundari Rai for the time being and will keep in touch as able. For the JoM: it was apparently a gift to dragon kind from the Seelie Court, using 2nd World magic, early in the 4th World. Thisbe Sorrel seems to have been involved in the crafting of it, and it seems to have been made using knowledge from the Silver Books, back when they were all collected in one place as “The Seed”. It seems like it is also a hyper-powered artifact version of the ritual used to create the Coimeadai, as it literally holds memories, though Courtiers believe that living storage is better, as it keeps them “fresher”. TD speculates that mere mortal (or even immortal) minds also couldn’t handle the separation, access, and reabsorption of feelings and info on the scale of the JoM, with that ability perhaps limited to dragons.

The JoM also seems to be the origin of the Seelie Court’s “Moonlight Book” which one of the Queen’s courtly retinue uses to hold the history of the Court, recording the Morning Hearings and other happenings. This suggests that if the team is unable to get the JoM, they may be able to access the Book, if they can get ahold of it somehow, to use in the ritual to free Harly instead. TD also reports that there are some rumors of losses over time with stored memories, as if repeatedly splitting parts of your mind may have some costs that the Court hasn’t or doesn’t wish to acknowledge. Also, TD thinks the ritual was similar to the one used to split Harly from Gwyplaine (likely why Thisbe Sorrel said the JoM was necessary to rejoin them), and they believe others could use that same or a similar ritual (more powerful than the Coimeadai one) to effectively make themselves litches, creating living phylacteries that might perpetuate their existence. Worrying!

With that, they’re free to get to work on the next gig for The Collector. They call him up and set up a meet for that evening at the Mt. Olympus club downtown. They arrive and find that he has booked them a private room in the massive central mountain that takes up much of the club, as well as providing support for various tables, small dance floors and mini bars on it’s ledges. They head inside and find TC along with a woman they don’t know, who TC introduces as SIlk, saying that the two of them are working together on this gig. The team goes along, not sensing any danger or deception.

Silk mostly hangs back and watches as TC lays out the mission: the team will head into the Reflecting Pool, a strange crossing place between the Foundation and Resonance space, where they will be able to operatre somewhat normally, as opposed to the Foundation, though magic, drones, etc won’t really work. However TC says that it is intended as an investigative mission, and should not put them in any direct danger, partially due to the strange nature of the Reflecting Pool as a place. He offers a commesurate rate, and Aradia is unable to convince him to increase it, though he is very polite about the fact.

As they are preparing to leave, Silk says she has one more thing, and holds up a heavy decanter, telling them to throw it through a window she points to. With Creep’s encouragement, PPJ does, shattering the window and sending the decanter sailing out into the dance area beyond. Aradia detects that Silk seems to have made some judgement of them as a crew based on this but isn’t sure what, and Otters has to explain as they are exiting that this was a likely a lateral thinking test to see how they would respond- some may have refused, some may have opened the window, some may have asked questions, and that their team has likely been categorized as being useful for certain sorts of tasks based on their response.

Not liking the prospect of being pigeon-holed, the team decide to try to do a really good job in the hopes of showing that they contain multitudes, and call up Chiron, the contact they were given who will help them access the Reflecting Pool, and teach Heat some of his techniques to he can help watch over the rest of the team while they’re under. After getting a location to meet him, they set a time for the next day so they can rest. They head back to the safehouse and crash out. The next morning, they take a leisurely drive out to Front Range to meet Chiron, and find a somewhat paranoid Technomancer awaiting them in a rarely used public forest road parking area with good foliage cover.

He has a multi-van welded together custom RV, and explains that this location is a good spot for a variety of reasons he doesn’t go into, but which Aradia confirms include some astral cover from all the overgrowth in the area. However, there are another pair of higher tech RV’s parked across the small lot, emitting a lot of signals, that Chiron seems concerned about. He asks the team to figure out what’s up with them before they proceed. Otters initially proposes just moving, while PPJ wants to go straight to killing whoever is in the RV’s to get them out of the way, with the encouragement of Lone Wolf. Aradia suggests scaring them off with illusions to get them to relocate.

Creep sneaks up to take a listen, and hears some computer and tech sounds but no conversation, and Aradia and PPJ confirm that there are two people in each RV who seem pretty focused on whatever they are up to. Otters, after doing some signal mapping, figures they have upwards of a dozen drones under their control and a well-defended network, and decides to just try talking to them. She approaches, digitally, and says hello, wondering if they would mind moving on. Aradia jumps on the call to apply some intimidation as well. The riggers who respond, Pitch and Roll, push back a bit but seem very willing to ignore the team if the team leaves them be, claiming they are in the middle of a “drone race”.

Quickly figuring out that they’re doing some kind of smuggling run, the team instead suggests a deal- if Pitch and Roll bring any heat down on the area from the ZDF or others, they will warn the team so Chiron can move his RV, for which Otters offers a token sum. They agree, seemingly eager not to further antagonize Aradia, who has done a good job of spooking them, as well as it not really costing them anything since they already have drones and sensors up. At PPJ’s insistence, the team confirms that there is no metahuman trafficking going on, and once that’s settled they get back to biz.

Chiron turns out to be a bit of a conspiracy theorist/Lone Gunmen type, which Creep bonds with him over a bit. He explains to Heat who arrives late on his moto about how the process will work, and suggests the other team members get comfy on the various bean bag chairs, armchairs, or bunk bed scattered around the custom RV’s interior. They all take up places on (or under in Creep’s case) various objects, and Chiron tells them all they have to do is fall asleep, and the same to return. He starts a countdown, while using Heat’s strange new Silver Book abilities to keep the team all together and push them in.

They awake in what looks like their safehouse, though it seems like non-memorable spaces between more memorable or important points is compressed and vague. So hallways and floors and such take almost not time to traverse, but all the personally relevant signifiers are still there. They emerge from their rooms and find each other a bit altered- it seems like each of them has become somewhat more their “true self” in terms of how the others on the team perceive them. They also find that they are maybe just a bit better at their best skills and a bit worse at their worse ones, so whatever powers this place seems to effect them internally to. Otters also feels like her Software skills may come in useful in shaping or manipulating the reality around them.

Appearance-wise, Creep looks like a dead-eyed 90’s child star, with the kind of threatening stare that would likely lead to a lot of worried parent-teacher conferences. His face lacks a mouth, though a disturbing orifice gapes on the side of his leg, as Otters has always pictured his feeding port. Otters looks almost saint-like, surrounded by small animals, birds, and the like, though with a fixed rictus grin and a hollow interior- outwardly focused with little inside. PPJ has a strange combination of dress, wearing too small “IOND MagicScouts” uniform shorts on his adult body, while also appearing child-like and small while swimming in his overlarge ronin-mage poncho, while a Wolf tail springs from the back of his shorts. He also carries a blood crystal blade, which glows faintly and drips gore. He looks like a dangerous nerd.

Aradia seems the most put-together, as the others all appear to see her as the adult in the room, looking a bit older and more pro, but with a strong “witchy dominatrix” vibe. After taking a moment to kind of mentally deal with all of that, they step out the safehouse door and find themselves emerging into a drive in motel parking lot instead of the expected hallway. The van is there, though it also appears different- Otters mostly highlights the upgrades, while Creep has focused on the seating, and the mages have interpreted it more metaphorically, so it is a strange blend of all of those. They all spend a moment conferring and confirm that they do seem to share a perceptual reality, which it seems they are all contributing to.

Creep and Otters see a sort of caricature of Chiron waving to them from the motel office, so they go over and find him watching an old flatvid cassette about how dragons caused the Blackouts, but he gives them some tips of places around town they could start their investigation. They also have a few spots they think might be useful to take a gander at to get a feel for this odd place. First they head to the Aurora Warrens and the Jester’s Nest, the bar where much of Harlequin’s resistance to GW back in the day was organized. The drive is a little strange- it’s much quicker than expected, and populated mostly with what each of them seem to think of as the main landmarks between the Warrens and the Safehouse, and not much else.

On arriving, they find a large brawl spilling out of the bar, with a dozen or so people on each side as other patrons watch. As they look closer, they see some faces they recognize- some Chrome Domes, some of the Windsor Crew from Detroit, and some others, including some of Harlequin’s “Diamond Eye” gangers that PPJ recognizes from back in the day. Everyone present seems to bear grievous injuries related to how they died in “real life” but all seem to be alternating drinking and fighting. Aradia heads inside and converses with the bartender, who seems to be a representation of Gwynplaine, the mad clown, and who suggests it’s time for a new master in Denver, whatever chaos it may bring!

The brawl outside seems to be between different factions of anti-authoritarians, or to represent such as least. One side seems to want an alliance with some “new power” in town, whatever the cost, and the other side doesn’t want to swap one dictatorship for another. The sides don’t seem entirely analogous to where the individuals involved would necessarily have fallen irl, but the team gets a little more info talking to one of the Candyland Ghouls on the sidelines, whose neck is still leaking from an Order of St George arrow wound. The ghoul seems to be on the “maybe not worth it” side, confirming that he’s concerned what this “new factions” agenda may be.

Next they head to the Paradise Lost mall, once again finding the distance compressed to only “important” points in between, and find it populated by various former teammates and runners, who left the game one way or another- dead, captured or retired. Otters chats to a decapitated Eion Smash in the weapons store, though a talking dog with a brain jar on it’s back (Wat?) warns him to stay out of Eion’s reach and bite range. The stores also seem jumbled around and on top of each other and all odd sizes, as it the team’s collective memory can’t quite agree on which ones matter most and what order they are actually in. They see 3 Card working the bar, Butter wrenching on cars, Aleiron tending to a strip club, and Bubby running the magic shop.

PPJ, delighted to see his spirit friend again, tries to converse but once again finds that he seems to merely be a shallow reflection of the team’s knowledge and thoughts, with some additional info creeping in. Overall, some of the runners (especially Eion) seem excited about the prospect of more sales amidst more violence while other (Wat, Bubby) seem more worried about the consequences to the people of Denver, and also make note that GW has done some good for a lot of populations that are endangered elsewhere- Free Spirits and talking animals being amongst them. They all agree that his neo-feudal, neo-fascist supporters loudly proclaiming his divinity are not helping matters, but don’t trust this new faction in town, though some also view them as generally good for biz- more chaos equals more customers and more jobs.

They head next to the Hub ZDF precinct, having to leave the van and crawl through narrow opening in a massive fortified wall, apparently their feeling of the protected Hub border. They find patrols rushing out the doors, being destroyed by or destroying strange shadow forms, and then respawning inside the precinct house and doing it all again. The shadows seem to be coming from some corp towers not too far distant in the district. They head inside the precinct house, with no resistance or security trying to stop them, and find it populated by some other former contacts, team-mates and the like, including Smoach and Myrryr, Locke, ThinkTank and other investigative types, while various faces they recognize as cops, corpsec, and syndicate and ganger security all repeatedly rush to their deaths “on patrol”.

Conferring with the investigators, TT summons them all to a conference room, where they all slap down large piles of files in front of the team. They are combating this shadowy threat, but can barely keep up, and can’t keep it contained, so need to them to go to the corp offices and find out what’s going on. To help focus their investigation, they share some rumors that MCT got some kinda sweet deal when GW was rebuilding Denver, probably partially to further stick it to Lofwyr and SK when MCT took their top spot on the Corp Court/AAA ranking. They suggest starting there. The team also all see that the investigators have personal files on all the team members, though disappointingly they only seem to contain secrets the team members themselves know, not unknown things to themselves.

They head out again, aiming downtown for the corp core. Approaching the MCT office, they find it bristling with defenses physical, magical, and digital0 seemingly their mental representation of their fear of MCT’s famed “Zero Zones”. However, as with the precinct house, they once again just easily walk inside with no resistance. They see the personnel here all stick to the sides of corridors, walk with their heads down, and avoid eye contact while scurrying around carrying files and data cores and the like in some inscrutable dance. Some have strange devices screwed to their skulls, and all seem to have strange wispy shadows trailing them. As the team makes their way up the office tower, they realize that all the “employees” here seem to be TM’s that have gone missing- from Seattle, from Detroit, members of the 100 etc.

They see figures they know to have been associated with TM kidnapping and experimentation seemingly acting as managers, PAX, Danielle DeLaMar, Alice Lewis, and some Freedom Network members amongst them. As they ascend to the top floor where DeLaMar oversees the building through a literal glass ceiling, one of the workers briefly joins them in the elevator. PPJ recognizes him as an investigative reports, “AA”, who showed up at a baseball game in Boston and gave the team the original paper copy of the Null document that they have since shared around. He warns them that he heard people in tech department talking about a deal MCT made with the Null Sect, and says nothing good can come from this. He suggests they check out a literal back alley bar behind the office, and then exits, saying more loudly “wrong floor”.

They head to the back alley, and walk down it towards a sign with three glowing neon zeroes with slashes through them – a null set before noticing that the alley has closed behind them. Seeing various of the corp’s “employees” entering he bar with files, they follow, and find a dim, low-ceilinged interior, overhung with a choking dense smoke. They see the corp types dropping off their files at various scattered tables, before dissolving into the floor as the shadows at their backs joins the overhead haze. Around the bar, they see various entities they have associated with the Null Sect Freedom Network members, Blackout Boyz, and the like. As they listen to everyone inside engage in what sounds like inane banter, Aradia is reminded of their surveillance mission on the Auditor, and they are also surprised to see some of the mysterious baldies they’ve been investigating in Denver, as well as the the known TM-experimenter and (former?) MCT employee Bishek Tam, whose name had arisen during their first job in town, the investigation into the lab under the money cow meat processing plant.

They approach Tam, and the bar kind of morphs to put him behind the main bar instead of alone in a corner as they walk up. He welcomes them to Zero Factor, and offers them drinks with a sly wink. Aradia accepts and he summons down some shadow from the floating malaise, which Aradia manages to sleight of hand out of the shot glass without actually consuming, not sure what it would do. While this occurs, the rest of the team sees that whenever files are delivered, whoever they are given to does a frantically rapid series of calculations and notations before the files themselves sink into the tables and vanish. Aradia tries some different tactics- etiquette and intimidation both don’t work, with the Tam representation countering in kind- hinting at what the Null know of the team, and replaying past attacks against them in his eyes, as if reflected as he watches them irl.

Without anything to offer and not wanting to make a deal with the Null anyway, Aradia has a little think, and realizes conning will likely be the best way to get info- she has detected a little of the “real world naivete” that is common to AI’s and e-life forms in general, and since they seem to have scripts for responding to both banter and threats, some careful deception will be most likely to be successful. She embarks on this path, and finally starts getting somewhere. It seems like something called “Project IXION” is a joint venture involving the Null, the Freedom Network, and the Ordo Maximus (possibly though the Black Lodge) to make more realistic anthrodrones for the Null to be able to move about “meatspace” more undetectably. With some further inquiry, Aradia detects that Penelope Beans’ hyper-realistic drone form in Detroit was likely an early test of these realistic anthroforms.

She inquires if this means the Null can do magic, and manages to fish out that they have other allies for that, at which point Tam’s eyes betray the barest glance in the direction of the baldies. Aradia “buys” drinks for the house, and the team heads over to that table, with the table turning into a dim corner booth with non-specific anti-surveillance gear as they approach, seemingly their collective vibe for meeting an info source at a dive bar. They slide into the expanded booth, and begin conversing. Aradia quickly determines that this bar itself is some kind of Null construct inserted into the Reflecting Pool, whether by the Null or by the team’s knowledge of Null activities or both. However, it doesn’t seem like even with all the manatech flowing around town that the Null have figured out how to do magic (though Vishala’s corruption grenades are likely one of the payments MCT is offering them).

These figures seems to instead represent a third party, the magic power involved, and once again detecting a faint flick of the eyes during a conversation full of lies and elisions, Aradia notices them glance at PPJ and determines that the magic portion of this allied trio are from the plane of Dis, where PPJ spent some of his mysterious time away, and performed strange surgeries on others of “The Returned”, before escaping (or being let loose?) through Kadath. However, these seem to be representations of Disians, rather than Disians themselves, and Aradia repeatedly bumps against the limits of what the Null (or the team) actually know about them. She does however confirm that what MCT is getting from the deal is essentially the quantum computing-like capabilities of the Null, which MCT apparently needs to power the Disian’s “devices”. Knowing that the baldies have access to previously unseen magic, and that they are engaged in metahuman trafficking into Denver, the team is pretty worried about what this may mean…

Feeling they’ve got enough info for now, and noticing Null vines starting to grow through the floor and entwine their legs, they decide it’s time to exit, and beat a hasty retreat to the safehouse, finding themselves once again surprisingly unopposed, though they feel the Null were starting to rapidly catch on to their conning strategies towards the end of their convo. They have a brief confusing time before figuring out how to exit the trick alley that the bar is in, and then a quick walk and drive back to the safehouse, where they easily fall asleep (glad Heat isn’t along with his insomnia as Chiron told them they all needed to sleep at the same time), and awaken in Chiron’s van, still in the forested mountain parkland in Front Range. The smugglers have left with no trouble, seemingly, and it looks like they successfully got the paydata the Johnsons wanted, but what does this all mean for the future of Denver….

Revenge is a Dish Best Researched Extensively
7/29/2024, 9:59:42 PM
Runners
Creep
Otters aka Roadkill
Heat
Aradia

Pepperjack decides to spend some solo time working on new magical abilities. Creep stays behind to hang out in Roseanne and binge Party of 5 flatbeds. The rest of the team head south to Co. Springs to go to a hard-scrabble biker bar in the former CAS sector, where Heat’s show it taking place, another Ceol Productions showcase, though Johnny Silver is loathe to spill on who the surprise headliner is. Aradia makes contact with the mysterious “George” who was interested in The Order of the Garter, and invites him to meet her there. He seems a little archaic in his speech patterns but not overtly threatening.

Upon arrival, the team finds a mostly older crowd, a mix of go-ganger types and aging rockers, wearing a lot of vintage 50’s and 60’s era band merch. A few members of Glock .50 open, doing some solo and combined performances, with Heat up second. He plays his new Fae-inspired composition, but also reads the crowd and drops some old Shield Wall breakdowns in, for the many fans of the “classics” in attendance. He gets a burst of inspiration, and sees a small Data Sprite of Music trying to get his attention.

He finds himself newly able to focus on multiple things at once, and accepts a packet from the Music Sprite, and inserts it into his performance. It seems like the final component that pushes it over the edge into something sublime, and he as usual also has a chaotic visual feed accompanying him, showing sped up scenes of Seelie forests and the like. He is steaming from overclocking his cyberlimbs for his performance, and feels that he really got the crowd on his side, though due to his hyper-speed style, many seem surprised at the short set time.

He also catches a brief flash of a glowing neon outlined figure with wild flyaway hair in his visual feed, but no-one else seems to notice it, and he finds that it didn’t get recorded on his internals. He looks in the Resonance and sees that it seems somehow connected to the Music Sprite that showed up. Otters checks the RCC for any attempted intrusions but gives the all clear. Up last in the surprise event: a rare live appearance of the legendary guitarist Blitz (formerly of Blitzkrieg) accompanying Marli Bremerton, a notoriously reclusive Seattle-based synthwave composer, who wears a full body covering, and leaves the stage performance to her younger accompanist, who does a magical lights show along to the music.

This seems like what most of the old heads in the crowd came for, and people are amped. Heat talks to them after the show, and Althea, the younger mage, explains she is Marli’s niece/publicist/manager/caretaker, and that Marli doesn’t like to speak to “outsiders” but gives Heat a physical address in Seattle if he wants to mail them any demos, or any old hard copy media recordings he finds, as Marli is apparently a serious collector. Blitz also offers Heat some career help and mentorship, if he ever finds himself seeking a different style than Johnny Silver, though he admits he has less resources, he also has less people looking to kill him.

Meanwhile, Aradia has met up with George, who is dressed in a medieval/modern fashion hybrid, that looks manufactured and not homemade. They converse for a while, and Aradia quickly determines that he is a member of the Order of St. George, so treads cautiously. He does legitimately seem interested in her group, but is also pretty free, though quiet, in discussing his hatred of dragons and their persecution of metahumanity. He seems to believe that TOoTG could be a good way to get info and keep an eye on Denver without exposing themselves as dragon-hunters, and that TOoSG could act as additional security and assistance if TOoTG wishes to expand beyond Denver in the future.

Aradia says she will take the offer to the next group meeting, but says that regardless it’s good to have another friendly contact, since they both seem opposed to Ghostwalker’s workings here, even if their potential alliance goes no further. She takes her leave, and the group head back to the safehouse, with Heat reporting in on his strange visual sighting. No-one recognizes the description, and it didn’t seem like a threat so….. ?

They take the next few days off so Heat can Submerge again with the Nexus, gaining new TM powers, and Aradia can do another group initiation with TOoTG, gaining the ability to conceal her spells as well as her magic. She also discusses the offer of TOoSG, which most of the group rejects out of hand, not wanting to go against a dragon, especially since GW taking over Denver has been good for at least some of them, and ensured some consistency in legality, protection, enforcement, etc between all the sectors.

Alli also helps Aradia spread the word about the risk of Null infiltration of rental bots and bods, for those members who either themselves do or know someone who does that kind of work, or works in those environs. The group also seems excited about the possibility of setting up work trips to the Seelie Court, so Aradia proceeds with that, making a deal between Arcane on this end to open portals for pay, and Lord Blackbane on the other end to open the return portals to Arcane’s shop, in exchange for a cut of the profit in some form, as well as the ability to personally visit the material plane more easily. Boutrous the Boisterous will handle security for the bookings on the far end, which Blackbane and his manor staff will help TOoTG members manage logistically.

With that all done, the team gets back into looking into Vishala and her betrayal. They pay for some intel on JackPoint, and get a list of local MCT facilities, including subsidiaries, as well as some known employees at each location. Some of the spots seems pretty creepy, including one Zero Zone that only has armed drone transit in and out. They do locate Vishala’s old boss, who is in town as promised, working at MCT’s downtown local HQ tower. They decide to do a little more background work before approaching him, and check out some of the sites they had raided for Vishala, as well as the lab she had been running.

They find the lab closed, with for rent signs up. However, they do notice some similar astral and Dissonance contamination there as at the first site they raided for her, and also remember they stole a powerful summoning focus for her from the ZDF vault, and worry what she may have planned. They track down some of the former guards at the facility, who they remember worked through a temp agency. By searching MeFeeds and other public socials and job boards, they track a few of them down to a working class bar called Hardpan near an algae and other plant protein processing plant.

The smell of the place is something else, but they hold it together. Otters stays in the van, ready to intervene as needed, and Aradia disguises herself and Heat in more appropriate workwear getup, as Creep sneaks in and keeps an eye from a corner. Aradia and Heat approach the guards, playing at a “oh hey surprise seeing you here!” The guards seems to agree they are owed some drinks after the team’s escalation of the facility defense left a number of their former coworkers dead.

Heat and Aradia agree, and suggest they could make a larger donation to a funeral and survivors fund, as well as throwing in to help cover their current period of unemployment, in exchange for some info. After some skillful talking from both of them, and some hemming and hawing from the men, they agree. Aradia sets up a silence barrier, and Heat jams any comms in the booth. The mean relate what they know- they were kept on for a few months, Vishala was a hard charger but otherwise decent, and they were let go with little notice after helping move all the boxed up lab equipment out.

They say there were a half dozen scientists, who they never saw leave or arrive at the facility, but who were friendly enough, though their comm numbers no longer connect. They also say they were warned sometimes not to bring anything magical or anything high tech (on different days each) near the second floor sealed lab, as some sort of astral or matrix “corruption” might interfere. After a little more haggling, they agree to let Aradia do a surface mind probe to get good images of the 6 scientists, which Aradia also mentally shares with Heat. The guards also remember overhearing Vishala on a comm call seeking info on some secret project at MCT, though they didn’t hear the name.

Having paid well for the info and the guard’s silence, the team leaves, though Heat sets ups a safe word in case they ever end up on opposite ends of the same job down the line, which the guards seem to appreciate. The team heads out and decides to go after the MCT boss next. Aradia calls up Carol Staples in Chicago (Maggie Goldberg’s former assistant and successor there), and after assuring her that the team doesn’t have anything nefarious planned, gets a meeting set for the next day with Shinju Sho.

The team rests and then heads to the Hub for the meeting. Otters stays outside, in case MCT security recognizes her, since she doesn’t know how she really left things with them and has missing time as well as memories from that period. The rest head in, checking their weapons as they go through an intense sec scan. They go about 2/3rds up the 30 story building, to the floor where Sho has his office, atop the HermeTech subsidiary wing, which focusses on providing mundanes training to counter mages- teaching security guards to notice mental manipulation or astral forms passing through them or similar.

They sit down, and Aradia launches into an explanation of what they are seeking. Creep and Heat both notice that Sho’s desk is a bit too big and prestigious for his office, almost as if he has been demoted and brought his old furniture with him. Sho makes a big production of rejecting their request to share info on past employees or other internal matters, but turns his chair slightly to obscure view of him from the hallway and quickly scrawls a note, which he palms to Aradia as they shake hands as the team rises to exit.

Back outside, Aradia gets a text from an unregistered number, providing a nearby location and time, and reading the note, sees that it says “I am open to an exchange of information and will be in touch.” They head over to the cabaret bar in the text, and get a booth and wait for a bit with some drinks. After a short while, they see Sho walk in with 2 corpsec types bodyguarding, but he says something to them and they hang back by the entrance. He makes quick eyes at the team as he walks through the bar to the stairs to the second level.

They wait a moment, then subtly follow, to avoid attracting the guards attention. As they reach the second floor, they see a private elevator door closing, ascending to one of the rental units behind the face of the clock tower above. They follow when the elevator is available again, and enter to find Sho just sitting down in a nicely appointed loft, with two gun drones pointing at them. He smoothly apologizes for the precaution but makes not move to dismiss them. Heat takes the initiative and smoothly approaches the low table and sits across from Sho, pouring himself a drink. They enter into negotiation, with Sho proving quite canny. Heat tries some different approaches, but the only option Sho will take is the return of all project data recovered from Vishala and their research to MCT, and only to MCT.

Heat skillfully lies that this will be done, planning to work with the Guide later to choose what info to send back, and Sho seems to accept this. He shares his experience with Vishala- she was a skilled and manipulative corp climber, not cruel but very willing to throw anyone who got in her way under the bus. MCT has been unable to locate her since she fled their employ and then left the PCC, with their “metahuman resources” teams all turning up empty-handed. He suggests this means she is either still working under deep cover for either MCT or the PCC, or that she has found a new patron and protector.

He explains that she had been tasked with recreating some experiments AZT had undertaken at a leyline confluence in Antarctica to open stable metaplanar portals. Checking timelines, the team thinks this AZT facility must have been breached at some point, as the timeline also checks out with when ARES began many of their portal weapon experiments. Vishala seemed like she was on a good track, filing early promising reports, before her reports started turning to corpspeak and buzzwords with no actual data.

As she already had a rep for getting opponents demoted, no-one wanted to take Sho’s concerns seriously since she hadn’t crossed into behavior that would fully justify an investigation, but she must have sensed his suspicion, as she fled to the PCC, taking the project data with her. She also seems to have wiped her personal records, though he never knew her to have friends or family. The team infers that Sho was also punished for this, explaining his demotion, and nice but too large desk. This seems to be the crux of his willingness to negotiate with them.

Heat tries to push him for more but Sho says the deal was the deal, and suggests they leave. He and Heat stare each other down while they finish their drinks and then the team leaves, with Sho giving them a hard stare but saying no more. With this, they think they’ve probably got enough to satisfy the Guide, and they don’t feel ready for a Foundation dive against MCT or the PCC, even with Heat’s new TM abilities to bring the team along more efficiently. But Heat wants to try one more thing, and calls up Prophetess at the GW TM “cult” The Followers of the Ancient Way.

She is excited to hear from him and asks if he is ready to join, but he demurs, saying he wishes to sample their Temple’s Resonance Well first. She agrees, after he offers to pay them with a secret from the Deep Resonance. He once again gets blindfolded and transported to the site in a jammed drone. He enters the Well smoothly and easily, and through a test of strength of Ego manages to overcome the Event Horizon, and travel forth into the Deep Resonance. It seems more composed of vibes and energy than the visual representations he is familiar with from the astral plane, and he summons a data sprite to help him navigate.

They spend some time searching but eventually locate the Endless Archive, and enter the endless halls and stacks and shelves of that place- a record of everything ever made digital, supposedly. Heat approaches one of the Sprites tending the place, but doesn’t understand the local customs, so has to fumble through an exchange with his Sprite translating. He eventually makes a satisfactory offering of previously offline info (everything the team learned about GW in the Seelie Court), and the librarian Sprite heads off to seek what he requested: anything they have on Vishala.

While they wait, Heat witnesses a fairly terrifying attack from Null Sect vines on the doors of the library, though they hold, for now. The Sprite eventually returns with two documents- one explains the work she was doing at MCT, though not why, and the other some of what she’s been up to since. It seems she pivoted secretly from opening large portals to opening multiple micro-portals at once, allowing mana transfer without full access. She also began attempting to replicate this in the matrix, seemingly recognizing some of the dualities present, opening micro-burst Dissonance connections inside of Hosts and the like to see what would happen.

It seems she decided to go freelance with these innovations, and has since arriving in Denver expanded her experiments into weaponizing these technologies, aiming to make mana corruption grenades and matrix corruption programs that would be easy to use, and quite valuable. It seems she has been selling some of her breakthroughs back to MCT, but is not officially working for them, and also does indeed have a new backer, though the documents do not state who.

Heat returns, and the team speculates who the backer could be, ruling out GW, who would be unlikely to want to pollute astral space, given all of his restorative work. With no other obvious answers in sight or places to search, they plan to share this info with the Guide, close out the job, and hope he can use it to figure out their next steps.

Back in the FRFZ
7/22/2024, 12:52:43 PM
Runners
Creep
Otters aka Roadkill
Pepper Jack
Heat
Aradia

The Detective announces that they’re going to take Rai up on her offer for a bit, and continue investigating Court mysteries, and offers to look into any research the team needs done on the side, if they can stay in touch. They agree TD will begin looking into the history of the Jewel of Memory, the draconic artifact that they need to borrow from Celedyr, for now, and say their goodbyes. As they begin looking for Niall O’Connor to make their exit, PPJ decides that he should look into Drifting Peter a little first, following up on the Shadow Tourmaline note, but gets a sudden feeling (from his crystal?) that actually, he shouldn’t. He retracts his request to the team, which makes some of them a little suspicious, but everyone kinda wants to leave so noone pushes it.

Until they decide they should check in with Old Crow about Black Lodge activity, just in case. They meet, and head to the Labyrinth, where he takes them down a winding path that Otters has trouble tracking to a chamber that he says should be safe for convo. They start off by tipping him off to Kostas, and he says he’ll look into it further. He also briefs them on some strange new mana crystals that are starting to circulate at Court, as well as a sort of magical Coimeadai, known as a “mana well”, which is some sort of living mana battery. He seems worried about this, and warns the team that the BL may be working at the Court through “familiars”- beings either willingly or not under the BL’s sway, in exchange for arcance power, financial reward, or blackmail/extortion.

He says that these familiars, seemingly a concept taken from the BL’s interactions with the Ordo Maximus, allow them to operate more freely in areas where human supremacist mages and their direct employees would be too suspicious, and that there an unfortunate number of individuals willing to take them up on their offered trade of power for a lack of ethics. The team gets a bit worried and under OC’s instruction they run some experiments on PPJ with Aradia observing in astral space. PPJ tries to speak about his crystal, and finds that his magic tongue fills his mouth and prevents it, and then casts a spell, and tries to pull extra mana.

Aradia sees that it seems like the crystal sort of disconnects a portion of PPJ’s aura as she watches, and see him lose access to his magical tongue, hands, and a portion of his overall power. His spell comes out weaker than intended and he’s a bit stressed about what this all means. With everyone’s agreement, PPJ and Creep go stand on one side of the room, to remain in sight, while Aradia creates a magical sound barrier between them. OC tells them he will leave it up to the team how they want to handle this but that he would be pretty worried about whatever info PPJ may be passing along to whatever power grants the crystal it’s abilities, and since PPJ has reaffirmed he is not willing to give up magical power to remove it, this is a bit of a dilemma.

OC fills them in on his speculations about the BL’s interest in Hansu’s Prophecies 1 and 2, and what he thinks they mean. He believes that the BL has interpreted them as a guide on how to dump a bunch of mana from the Seelie Court into the material plane- the exact type of scenario that the conservatives at Court fearmonger about. OC isn’t sure this is possible or true, but believes the BL is seeking to enact this and to control the power flux that results. However, he also believes that this influx could be disastrous, as raising the mana level suddenly like that could rapidly accelerate the coming of the Scourge and the Blood Eclipse.

He tips them off to the ID of the “missing prisoner” from Prophecy 1, who he got tipped off to by some Rogue Lodge informants, but says he doesn’t know where she is, and could use the team’s help finding her- she may be the key to resolving the whole thing. They agree to assist, and he also warns them that the BL may well be behind PPJ’s mystery crystal, since they were behind his crystal spine for sure. PPJ recalls that the Tan Robes used another crystal spine to attune to his and listen in when he was kidnapped into Temple of Terror on the Crystalline Entity island in Boston, and doesn’t know what this means.

He winks at Creep while quietly offering “anything” in return for his magical power returning, and is disturbed when he feels a voice inside him ask “ANYTHING?”. He responds by thinking “within reason”, and then hears an animal yelp of pain followed by an enraged growl, and finds himself being guided a little more towards anger and violence by Wolf as his power returns. But what does it mean…. The team have a heated discussion, with PPJ explaining further how he thinks the crystal works- it seems to only know what it actively observes and doesn’t seem to always be observing, and seems to need to request deeper access (to memories, actions, etc). But he does warn them that something weird happened with Wolf, which disturbs OC, as Wolf has been generally becoming more pack-oriented and calmer over time,

Heat starts a quick vote of whether they should kill PPJ as a liability, but includes a “maybe” option. PPJ obviously votes no, with Creep and Otters on maybe, and Heat on yes with Aradia undecided so Heat says “no hard feelings” and suggests they move on. PPJ reminds everyone that Heat is a liability with his Horizon ties, and Aradia sends a private message to Otters and Creep asking if the three of them should just split off, before remembering that Creep is a strong breeze away from death at any moment and Otters has her own strange liabilities. They all decide to keep working together to strengthen their bonds again.

They take their leave from OC and the Labyrinth, and meet up with Niall to travel out. He once again takes them out through the Passage Graves under the castle, and they walk a surprisingly smooth half day’s journey through the Broceliande woods, noticing various things slightly off their path though nothing interferes with them. Aradia examines a magical ring that Niall wears, and see that is a powerful item focussed on truth and travel, which may explain the ease of their journey.

He explains that they are headed to one of the castles of the Wild Fae, who are acting as a safe middle ground for a meeting with the Unseelie, as they won’t fully trust the team given their affiliation with a Court faction. They eventually reach a small fae village, overlooking a lake with ruined castle on an island in the middle. Creep takes a close look and jumps in the water, and figures out there’s a big illusion going on. Niall says he better take the lead, and guides them all down a ramp to the upside down reflection of an intact castle in the “water”, which thought illusory, seems capable of drowning them if they lose their hold.

Luckily they all manage to make it down with his guidance, and are ushered into the castle by a gatekeeper with a halberd. Niall takes them through, and they see that although the castle is attended, it seems somewhat underoccuppied at the moment. They reach their assigned meeting chamber and Otters and a few others have to keep their eyes closed or avoid all windows and portals, as they see both upside down fish and rightside up clouds outside. Aina Dupree, the Unseelie’s newish Guide waits inside. They begin the meeting by updating her on Harlequin’s status, and showing off how much they’ve figured out, earning her grudging respect, and a thanks to Niall for not wasting her time.

After explaining their plan and it’s problems, she says she should be able to manage Gwynplaine, but that and sneaking into the Castle may be the limits of her abilities to directly assist. She wishes them luck with Celedyr, who she doesn’t seem to think highly of, and tells them to stay in touch. She asks if any of them would have a boon of her for their service, and after confirming that PPJ can’t keep his full power while removing the crystal or blocking it in some way, they can’t really think of any other good ones, so they chat a bit about the Cornerstone, with Aradia fascinated to hear that it seems that possibly both Castle and Cornerstone have had a sort of magical bootstrapping to sapience, similar to an AI, after it was imbued with so much strange magic.

Aina shares what else she knows about it’s uses and abilities and they agree to stay in touch. Lacking any other pressing needs, Otters asks for a spell to make her a bit better at rigging, which Aina quickens to make it semi-permanent. They take their leave, and after a short debate, decide to return to Denver to report in on their progress thus far, and then return to the Mile High Realm later to do the second portion of their investigation there. Niall confirms their destination, and it seems like they will actually be returning to the same mountainous Wild Fae community that most of the departed from, in Castle Rock.

Niall makes a portal easily, and confirms that this is not a thing Aradia can learn, at least not without spirit assistance or a great ritual, which makes Creep and the others wonder how exactly Arcane manages it with such ease, and what this implies about who or what he is. Regardless, they step through the portal and find the same villagers they left the van with, awaiting payment and in a hurry to get the team out of there and on their way. Heat tries to charm them with one of his new sampled production from the Court, but they seem to dislike Courtly music, and also don’t seem to sell any souvenirs or knick-knacks, so the team gets on the road.

They are relieved that it seems the Shadow Cloaks worked and outside of some time distortion from the astral travel they seem to have been gone about as long as they thought, around a week. Their cloaks do seem to have degraded from the use though, with some crumbling entirely. Otters and Heat are thrilled to be back onto the matrix, and dive in. They get some assorted news updates, the most locally pressing of is that Perri discovered that the Null Sect seem to have infiltrated a Spinrad bot rental service that lets people telecommute to important meetings in Denver, suggesting that there may be some more embodied Null around.

Heat makes a few calls, checking in first with Johnny Silver about the state of the Shadow Chapters locally. JS explains that though the rep came down from Seattle as promised, there’s another ShadChaps rep in from Boston, who seems more “traditional” but is a slick talker. Heat asks how to be involved and JS tells him it would be best for him to actually stay out of it, due to his Horizon ties having been exposed in the infighting. Heat happily agrees, and asks JS if he can get on a show coming up, and JS offers him a slot that night, which Heat accepts, frantically starting to try to figure out some compositions from his various samples and notes from the Court.

He also calls Perri, and they set a digital meet to debrief, in one of the Nexus’ secure rooms. The team enters, and gives Perri the whole Ghostwalker debrief, including their latest intel that he is thought to possess a Silver Book, according to Aina. Perri shares that she has heard tell of certain powerful ancient individuals who had the ability to awaken sapience and/or magical ability in their chosen ones, and wonders if GW has either figured out how to or is promising to do the same for TM abilities, which could help explain his rapidly growing cult. She thanks them for the info, and sends Heat a data package with an updated Hitchhiker program that she and Cloudmaster/the Collector decrypted from their Silver Book.

She explains that this will allow non-matrix-y teammates to use a mental projection of their real like skills and abilities on Foundation dives, so long as Heat runs it all through his simulated cyberdeck. This is exciting news, as it will make the other team members a lot more useful on those missions, should they come across the need, and is a major breakthrough. She tells them they’ll need a lot of processing power to make it all work, but the Nexus is happy to provide in exchange for reports back on results. The team agrees, and heads back to the safehouse after getting the all clear from Cat, who has swept the building and unit thoroughly in their absence, after the corp hit squad gained access to their neighbor.

Heat decides to stay in and work on compositions, while the rest of the team calls Niki the Gardener back, who had left them a somewhat frantic message. They determine that she is just stressed about her rep (As well as the attempt on her life) after Vishala’s betrayal, and forgive her, this once, which she is thrilled to hear. She updated Otters on her investigation into ANIMUS, which has brought her to a burned-down lab and some strange rumors in the Lisbon sprawl outskirts, and says she’ll keep digging. For now, she tells them the The Guide reached out, hoping they were available for some work and some revenge.

They accept, and call the Guide back directly, setting up a meeting at a spot of his choosing in Broomfield after some initial scouting confirms it looks safe. They head there and have a thankfully straight-forward and threat-free meet, accepting a job to look into what Vishala was really up to, on the path to tracking her down for some appropriate revenge. They call Niki back, and she gives them the little additional intel she has: Vishala used to work for the PCC, and MCT before that, and there may be some bad blood there. Otherwise, she is what she seems- a put together femme fatale type with limited implants and no known magic or TM abilities.

They next call up the Collector, and set up another meeting at the Nexus (where he goes by Cloudmaster) in a secure room. After confirming that they are after Vishala for intel first and revenge second, and are willing to share some of that intel with him, and will do a job for him next, he shares his info. Vishala fled MCT to the PCC, claiming she needed protection from her former employers, but bringing some valuable skills and data with her, or so his former superiors in PCC intelligence thought. He worked adjacently to her but never directly with her, and was meant to be one of her points of contact in Denver, but she dropped off the grid and slipped her handlers almost as soon as she arrived.

This was meant to be her first foreign assignment after she spent a while proving herself, and as a metaplanar phenomena expert she was tasked with investigating all the rift/rip/portal weirdness going on in Denver. The Collector is very interested to hear what exactly she uncovered, if the team should find out, and why she went rogue/where her true loyalties lie. He passes a long the name of her former supervisor at MCT, if they need further leads, and wishes them luck. With this info, they ruminate a while on what they know of her and what next best steps will be based on the experiments that had seen her interested in.

But with Heat having a show coming up tonight, they decide to party and chill, with Creep choosing to stay in his Roseanne bot and watch trids while the rest attend.

Just One More Thing...
7/15/2024, 1:38:55 PM
Runners
Creep
The Detective
Otters aka Roadkill
Pepper Jack
Heat
Aradia

The team links back up, with PPJ having relaxed in his downtime, and TD having met with Rai, the Court detective, and learned about the Nightwatch Phantom, as well as agreeing to collab further on an investigation into the Ghost Breeder’s mysterious husks. Everyone’s feeling just about ready to leave, but unclear where to go next- Mile High Realm, back to Denver, or off further on more metaplanar quests? For now they decide to tie up loose ends around the Castle and plan to leave the following day after the Morning Hearing.

Creep, bored of libraries, declares his intentions to chill today, and stays in their Magician quarters in the form of a chair, watching flatvids. Heat and Aradia head off to track down Samantha Roth, and find her in the corp office area, where they pass along Null/Geocache info in exchange for getting a one-time use commcode to contact Celedyr when they are back on Earth, in order to arrange for use of the Jewel of Memory in freeing Harelquin. She warns them that he will require something of them in return. They also arrange to involve her in their plan to prevent further Null presence at Court, if it works out.

They next head out the castle’s gates to seek Warden Banleigh Swale, the groundskeeper, and track him down after following the sounds of screaming. Unfortunately, Aradia doesn’t dodge his warning quickly enough and is paralyzed by a Mandrake’s cry. Heat dives out of the way and is summoned back as the screaming cuts off, to find Swale removing large earmuffs and tutting disapprovingly at Aradia’s state. Aradia, a little freaked out, decided to astrally project, and does so, appearing almost as if manifesting next to her body. However, she seems to be able to move around, though not at the usual speeds, and can communicate but only use astral spells- strange….

Heat manages to eventually convince the cantankerous Swale to check out the Null vine problem, and then hauls Aradia’s body back into the castle alongside him, planning to hit up Magician’s alchemists for a cure. Aradia remains in astral form, floating alongside them. They track down a page while seeking the alchemist, and message Roth to meet them at Geocache. With Aradia restored, they all meet at the strange chamber, and Swale is initially quite put off by it’s oddities. Heat also sees another Crow observing their activities here. After Swale says he needs to see the problem to assess it, Heat cracks open the NN Star again, revealing the Null vines bursting forth to grasp them.

He quickly slams it shut again, but sees that Swale has summoned a large glowing magical weapon in shock. He agrees this is an issue, and starts putting up ornately embroidered “caution tape” around it, struggling a bit at where to pound stakes into the green and black wireframe grid. Heat tries to convince Swale to be more aggressive with it, but Roth takes Swale’s side, ingratiating herself, on containment being the best option for now. This seems to serve their general interest in allying with Roth, so Heat lets it go and they call it a win overall. They start heading back towards the safehouse to make evening plans.

Meanwhile, Aradia, Otters and TD have begun their investigation into the Nightwatch Phantom, seeking the Castle roof and finding it without much trouble. A rusting pile of armor and shields sits next to a narrow stair that emerges through a hatch onto a mostly flat roof, with some pitches, domes, skylights, etc.A thick fog also coats the roof and moves without wind, blocking views further than a few meters in any direction for long. They strategize a bit and begin discussing the NP out loud, which seems to summon it- they have found the area of it’s Haunt!

They all hear thudding steps moving towards them, but seemingly approaching from different directions as they close in. Otters hears a large sword scraping across stone, and turns just in time to fire a full auto burst with the drone before it is sliced in half by the sword. The NP seems to almost ignore the damage, it’s flame-blackened armor emitting occasional flickers as if it burns from within and the impression of a melted face that Otters can’t quite retain. The NP swings again, and forces TD to dive back in defense. TD tries to explain that they are trying to help, assuming the NP doesn’t want to continue haunting, but comes under attack again, as does PPJ as he assenses it, and tries to haul Otters’ bod to safety.

Luckily PPJ’s armor soaks the heavy hit he receives, and they all manage to dive down another nearby hatch, PPJ having seen a thin astral trail leading that way- maybe the Ghost Chain for the NP? They find themselves adjacent to another pile of rusted armor, which Otters stares at, paralyzed with fear. She notices that though the components are piled haphazardly and poorly maintained, some of them could be reassembled into a suit resembling the NP. She starts making specs to do so as PPJ fumbles about trying to help. They all take cover in the armor pile as the NP reappears, blocking their exit, but seems not willing to further damage the armor.

TD proves much more adept at reassembly, and also starts polishing and lubing it up, with Otters joining in once her fear clears up a bit. Once they armor is put back together, some of the dings and dents pounded out, and it polished and lubricated as best they can, TD offers up the possible resolution to the NP, who gives a cross forehead sword salute and then vanishes. Examining the armor, PPJ can tell the NP is inside, though it seems a bit diminished in some way, but also less aggro. TD explains that they wish to continue to help, and PPJ does a Death Replay spell, gaining some insight into the NP’s living predecessor’s final moments- immolated in his armor by a Thorn Elf of Alachia’s faction, seemingly during an Unseelie attack on the Castle in the Era of the Corpse Lily.

With this, and TD managing to figure out a simple yes/no language to communicate in, they manage to convey that they are also opposed to Alachia and working against her goals, and the NP offers them some protection and then vanishes, armor and all. Creep is startled as a large armored figure appears, facing outward, guarding the door of their quarters in Magician’s dorms. He considers shooting it but it seems to be ignoring him, so he just levels his gun at it and waits. The others arrive shortly thereafter, with Aradia and Heat showing up first, and very surprised by the waiting knight. After the remaining 3 report in to Rai, they also return and explain.

Chloe Glowworm also messages them to the direct them to their new more permanent quarters, now that they have officially allied with Magician- a Courtsman’s Suite, with an individual room for each members, a small kitchenette, and a lounge area with fireplace. The NP once again disappears and reappears just inside the door to this suite as they arrive, and confirms it will guard the portal from unwanted guests. The team agrees to keep sensitive discussions on comms in the quarters, jic, and also to try to dodge the inevitable Magician surveillance they expect. They manage to track down an event for the night, a wine and poetry evening that Boutrous the Boisterous invited Aradia too, when they were conversing about the Order of the Garter.

Arriving, with Creep in tow, they find Deigh Hall, a somber and somewhat classicist chamber seemingly built to subtly mock the current Queen as herself being a bit out of date, if classy. Heat is bored stiff by the event, and struggles to conceal this fact and entertain himself. Creep greatly impresses the gathering with a poem he composed about Alachia in an ancient Croki style, which given the hall they are in, some present seem to take as mockery rather than the flirtation Creep intended, but it goes over well. Otters manages to deliver a satisfactory ode to her recently destroyed drone, and the team manages to prevent any dueling or other fallout in response to Boutrous’ legendarily bad “poems”.

With that having refreshed them all a bit (the wine and snacks were high quality, of course), they return to their Suite and all rest well, even the agitated Heat. They are a little disturbed to see what looks like a mopped up bloodstain just outside their door, and TD confers with the NP and finds that there was an attempted intruder, who took a heavy blow for their trouble but survived and fled. They head to the Morning Hearing, and see that the tapestries all seem to be telling parts of the tale of the NP, including a murder he was framed for, which the team knows was the work of the runners Sanquals Love and Chessick.

A few petitioners come before the Queen, some astral religious pilgrim seek permission to cross Fae lands while seeking entrance to Kadath- they believe they know a secret way through to a “city of eternal light” but the team senses something a bit off and sends a message mentioning this to Magician. A spirit named Kostas (who PPJ thinks might have a Black Lodge connection from back in the day in Boston) gets up on Magician’s behalf and reports the suspicion, and Chambray Cliff and some others quickly jump on it, wary of intruders, and an internal group within the pilgrims admit to being a separate sect travelling alongside them.

They ID themselves as “the Brotherhood of the Key”, and say they seek to commune something called “the Gatekeeper”. The Court seems concerned, but a member of Threshold appears unexpectedly, and offers patronage to the 3 BotK members, which they accept. They rest of the pilgrims are offered passage through the lands and suggested to hurry along and not to attempt to recruit others on their journey, as Cliff and others courtiers suggest they will surely all perish, or worse ending up beyond Kadath as further fodder for the Horrors.

An emissary of the Wild Hunt arrives and offers forth a bounty for Crawlers and other lesser Horrors that have begun to appear in the fae wilds and the Astral Sea, as well the favor of Chalcis, the Wild Hunt’s leader, to those hunters who are successful. Some of the team is pretty interested, but they try to stay on track. Lastly, the Queen announces the imposition of “the Rite of Root and Vine” on a courtier caught trying to break into a Courtsman’s Suite, and the team recognizes one of the other people who was questioned by Cliff about their involvement in the Shadow faction- why were they trying to access the team’s chambers?

They are a bit horrified to see Alachia perform the Rite, which seems to grow a thorny collar just under the skin of the courtier, the tightness of which Alachia seems able to control with a ring. The Magister explains that the courtier is banned from fae lands on pain of excruciating death by thorn suffocation, and without further ado the courtier is tossed through a summoned portal to parts unknown. Heat then jumps in line, to deliver a warning about the dangers of the Null, and does get some accolades for his presentation, but realizes he probably actually gave some useful ammo to the isolationists, who want less matrix here, not more.

Through the hearing, Alachia has been sitting on a large couch she appears to have dressed Harlequin up as, seemingly as a return slight to the poem Creep read the previous night, and Creep sees various courtiers subtly ditching elements of furniture fashion as it rapidly goes out of style. He laughs at Alachia as the Hearing finishes, but she ignores him. However, he knows he got to her, and finds the bizarre power play intriguing. With that out the way, the team updates Rai further about the NP, lets some folks know they’ll be leaving for a bit (including PPJ alerting Cliff that any lone PPJ’s he sees soon are infiltrators, which a gets a surprised nod in response), and TD stocking up on cleaning and repair supplies from some of the shops by Gilik’s.

They let Foggy know they’ll be gone a while, and she offers to let them update the Eclipse astronomer Al’Farabi about what their former teammates found on the Moon with Foggy. They agree, and head there quickly to do that before leaving, and Al’Farabi is quite interested to hear it all. She takes a mana photo of them as a thank you, to hang in their suite, and everyone is a little disturbed that it clearly shows that PPJ’s magical tongue and hands are connected to the strange crystal fused to his spine that seems to give him both occasional power and occasional direction. They discuss a bit but make not decisions for now.

Finally Patronized
7/8/2024, 7:12:35 PM
Runners
Creep
Otters aka Roadkill
Heat
Aradia

The Detective splits off from the team to meet with some investigators around the Court, and Pepperjack sticks with them to make sure noone travels alone. Everyone else, lacking other plans, seeks out a dinner audience with Niall O’Connor, who meets them at Gilik’s in a private booth on the second floor. They banter a bit until the team requests a more transparent communication style to which Niall, a gifted traveller, agrees. They make a plan for Niall to put them in touch with Aina Dupree, the Eiolai/Guide of the Unseelie Court (and Halequin’s lover) once they have figured out some more about how to rescue him. In exchange, they give Niall a thorough debrief on what Aradia and TD saw in the Pendulum room, and he explains that there are some members of the Unseelie seeking alliances at Court for various purposes, and that this may have been such a meeting.

He also explains that some amongst the Unseelie seek darker allies- Horrors and the like, as the Courts were spared the full effects of the Scourge last time around, they seem to think this could permanently shift the balance. He explains that the Unseelie contain just as many factions and opinions as the Seelie Court, but tend to operate more in secret and are not as organized around a space. Regardless, he thinks that helping to free Harly and making a staunch ally of Aina in the process will be good for helping the more stable factions within the Unseelie to prevail, and not launching into a new period of dangerous chaos for the Courts. As Niall seems to support this overall endgoal (a more unified Unseelie under Aina) he also offers to help transport the team to a plane of their choosing when they are ready.

Aradia and Creep head off to seek the Pendulum room again, to try to get more intel for Niall. They eventually find it, but it is unoccupied. They start their own dance, with Creep in the lead, set to the rhythm of the swing of the chamber, and gradually find that they can almost feel more than hear the beat and some sense of music. Another couple headed home from a ball somewhere else joins them for a time, but noone else comes along, so they head back toward’s Magician’s dorms, but are disturbed to discover an exploded body in a narrow stair as they make their way through the Castle. Creep does some analysis, and they determine that the scraps of uniform remaining are from a dungeon guard, and Aradia is able to tell that this is definitely the Blood Shade they last fought on Carcean.

Apparently, it did indeed escape that place in the other PPJ bod that got left behind, then seems to have escaped the dungeon (as they heard whispers of) by at some point ditching that bod and swapping into a dungeon guard, and now has shed that shell, and taken up some other visage. Unless it has decided to roam free as a visible Blood spirit, but Aradia thinks this is unlikely based on the astral cleansing and high level Masking at play that keep her from finding a trail. They head back to the dorms for now, watching their backs.

The rest of the team decides to call it an early night, after making a plan for the Morning Hearing, and checks in to their Magician dorm, courtesy of Chloe Glowworm. When they all wake up the next day, she offers them longer term patronage for some ongoing cross-planar work for the faction, and they accept, ignoring the absent PPJ’s feelings and wishes on the subject. Chloe explains that their leader, Secundus, is seeking the Philosopher’s Stone, and Otters and Creep almost lose their cool at being tasked with another impossible job, til Chloe manages to get a word in edgewise and explain.

She says that they are seeking alchemists and other practitioners from Earth (or other metaplanes) with similar interests to Magician, to expand their talent pool. The team agrees, and from the file is able to recommend Squeamish from Seattle, who seems to have a similar interest in immortality. Creep’s interest is also mildly piqued that a Fae (who are maybe immortal?) would need a second option, maybe something to look into. Heat writes up a flattering introduction for Magician to send to Squeamish, and as they finally have a patron, their gear is accessible. Otters instantly unpacks her progressively more horrifying drone, and dives in. It feels good, and the drone seems to be working normally despite it’s appearance, but the lack of external matrix and freeware/OSI sensor data is a bit off-putting.

They head to the Morning Hearing and notice that the mosaics and tapestries now show a series of people exploding from Blood Shade inhabitation- recognizable to those in the know as Teeth, Aleiron, and the as yet unnamed guard. The images are sketchy enough to not be instantly id’able to someone who doesn’t know the tale, so the team decides to take advantage of their information exclusivity as a distraction, with Aradia sending a series of notes out before the Hearing properly begins. She requests a meeting with Foggy (accepted, over a light luncheon), tries to message Warden Banleigh Swale, the groundskeeper, to see if he can help with the Null Sect problem (rejected- it flits to the open door and then crashes to the ground- it seems like Swale is not present and the messages can’t leave the Great Hall), and lastly to Alachia.

This is arguably the most important message, and not wanting to cause a scene, Aradia allows the dropped message to Swale to be lost in the milling crowd of Courtiers, and presumably picked up by someone. The message to Alachia tells of the exploded guard’s location and the Blood Shade connection, and while she is distracted reading that, Otters hotrigs the dog drone to go over and start just suspiciously loitering and bumping into the tie downs on the tarp over the Shadow Tourmaline, trying to distract the Crows scattered around Court doing matrix security.

With this all seeming to work, Heat takes the opportunity to take a look around, hiding in the matrix to observe the flow of Resonant energy from Alachia’s collection of Pâ tokens to various coimeadai around the Court. He manages to elude detection, and spot 12 connected signals. He points them out to Creep, who takes over, doing careful observation of their various dense but interlinked tattoos throughout the rest of the Morning Hearing, eventually id-ing a single set of 3 amongst them, which the team gets good images of. These are likely to be the 3 that they were told Harlequin’s mind was split between, and with Niall having explained that they have multiple options for how to access the memories (basically getting a legit link to Alachia’s network, hacking it, or destroying the coimeadai themsevles) they feel like this is enough of a plan for now, as they need the Jewel of Memory and a specific plan for how to deal with Gwynplaine before they are fully ready.

There are some interesting supplicants at the Morning Hearing as well- a freelance sandship captain who roams the astral sea puts out a request for a book from the Library of Leng, on Id, to be delivered to the Violet Gas, way out on the edge of the astral sea. Serania, the Ancient One, the head of Eclipse, has sent her emissary Catondarez to offer support to Montage in his quest to find the metaplanar crossing he had sought assistance discovering, and also to offer rewards for any other new metaplanar discoveries. The team makes note for the future.

Some Catholic Sacred Detectives (consecrated investigators who cannot return from their pilgrimages until their assigned mystery is resolved) request help investigating a multi-planar serial killer they are calling “the Ghost Breeder”, who leaves empty, essence-less, but dangerous husks behind as all that remain of it’s victims. This is rejected by the Queen, who reminds the Catholics that they are not welcome at Court (in response to which Otters sees two Courtiers wearing “Blackheart Security” corp insignia looking pleased) due to the Church’s meddling in the “rightful Fae rulership of Tir na nOg”. She thanks them for their warning of this potential danger but her Champion confirms no sign of activity has been detected at Court, and now that they have been made aware, the Sacred Detectives are sent on their way. Some of the team notice that Ashokasundari Rai, the classic detective-styled courtier, seems interested.

More disturbingly, some insect spirits who refer to themselves as “free” request sanctuary, or at least a place to rest. They explain that sometimes high level servitors will gain some level of sentience upon the death of their Queen, and offer their services to the Court for a safe place to stay, as they do not wish to be subsumed (or consumed) back into Vhortas, or to be hunted by Earth warriors of Spider spirits. The Queen agrees for now, but doesn’t grant them a permanent status and warns them to be on their best behavior. The team worries this just swapping one Queen for another, but they have no real power here so what can they do. They are also disturbed to notice that many of the corp reps visible around the chamber seem delighted to have the chance to converse with some potentially “free” Insects, as this has long been ARES’ private domain, loathe though they are to admit it.

Lastly, a Croki ambassador for the Wild Fae, Riva Dhillon, requests help with a corp strip mining project in the Wilds, a corp (likely MCT from the description) is intentionally creating toxic zones to harvest strange reagents. The Queen rejects this request, as she has not given permission for such activity nor is it occurring on her lands, so she doesn’t see how this relates to the Court. Dhillon, seemingly a skilled speaker, manages to accept this result, while deriding the Court’s narrow-mindedness, and obliquely referring to past examples of this policy going poorly for the Court and/or the Fae as a whole. With that the hearing ends, and the team heads off to a light snacks and tea lunch with Foggy. They had over two Tarot cards, a matching set, one from the 6WT, and one from one of the two other mysterious decks they have encountered. Foggy says that this is a superb gift for the Queen, and herself seems quite excited about the revelation about the existence of further decks. They worry they might have given TOO good of a gift, but Foggy suggests that due to it’s lateness, the quality will be appreciated.

In return, as Foggy basically has to ask them to ask her for something, Heat pulls out the facemask he has programmed to match The Auditor for the LA mission, and asks if Foggy recognizes him. She doesn’t, and doesn’t seem particularly interested until the team brings up some of the weird stuff him and his similar looking possible colleague Fidian Serverson (if that is even his name!) have been up to in Denver, LA and likely elsewhere. She offers to look into it more, and they agree.

With that, they have a few last threads to tie up but plan to leave the Seelie Court shortly for their meeting with Aina, and then onwards. Creep has also been excited to spot a few instances of furniture fashion popping up around Court, some upholstered fabrics, some decorative wooden wearable trim, etc. He seems to have started a mini-trend, and is curious where it will go.

My Dad is a Chair
7/1/2024, 10:28:25 AM
Runners
Creep
The Detective
Otters aka Roadkill
Pepper Jack

Heat splits off from the team to do some digging into local musical culture and pass Null Sect info along to Horizon to keep the team in their good graces for another month of public news presence management. Aradia heads out to search out promising candidates for the Order of the Garter. Both plan to report back in occasionally but be often out of touch due to the strange logistics of comms tech and the local “gramarye”. With PPJ and TD still detained, Otters and Creep debate whether to seek out dinner arrangements or not, as they’d made no particular plans for the evening.

They decide not to, feeling that they’ve both actually been eating more than they really need to, once they consider it. They head over to Ehran the Scribe’s mysterious recruitment booth, hoping to secure a place to sleep, and then fumble their way through a conversation, lacking all of their usual Faces. Creep’s blunt style keeps almost shutting down their chances til Otters repeatedly clarifies and salvages things. After confirming that they don’t have a factional alliance yet, aren’t actually interested in his recruiting pitch (hiring specialists for a longterm assignment at location unknnown, which would involve saying your goodbye’s to everyone you know for now), and aren’t actually allied with Alachia The Blood Queen (who Creep has a possibly ill-advised crush on), Ehran shuts down his booth for a break and brings them around to his private quarters behind it, shaping open a door in the castle wall to do so.

After conversing a bit, they actually manage to impress him with the depth of their knowledge (thanks team files and Toff’s journal!) so he fills them in on some stuff and offers them some work. Frosty Jane is apparently not allied at Court, due to being out of favor (perhaps related to the Chal’Han that Toff’s team helped her in, in which she defeated Alachia’s daughter), and thus was unable to accompany him on this trip. Also, she has been doing damage control on Earth to try to keep news of Harlequin’s current situation from going public, even resorting to posing as him on Jackpoint and elsewhere using his “Laughing Man” handle. Assuming that the admins don’t know about this, this is a major faux pas. Ehran also reveals that he has posted on various of the shadow forums himself, when necessary, but suggests that his level of fame doesn’t make regular interaction with the hoi polloi the most effective means of communication, most often.

After confirming that the team knows the basics of Harly’s recent history and current deal, he says that he and Jane would like to hire some unaffiliated contractors to try to improve Harly’s situation. He explains that it will be a complicated process, and that breaking the Coimeadai bargain, though it is unlikely that Harly entered it willingly, will involve some strange and ancient magics. They will also need to collect however many pieces he has been fragmented into, including Gwynplaine, to do their best to ensure success. Ehran doesn’t know GP’s current location but thinks he is at least somewhere on the Plane. He also tells them that they will need to find some way to bargain with the great dragon Celedyr, who retreated to his fortress in Wales after the collapse of NeoNET, managing to dodge most of his share of the fallout for what he helped to set off in Boston.

Via the team files, and with Ehran filling in the gaps, they piece together that they will need the Jewel of Memory, a draconic artifact the possession of which signifies the holder as the draconic Loremaster. This was a title long held by Lofwyr, until he was dethroned during the early-70’s Dragon Civil War, when he slew his dragon-supremacist brother, Alamais. The JoM was then given to Celedyr, who managed to maintain it through the Boston aftermath, and still holds it to this day. As the team file shows, Test’s research into the Coimeadai shows that that ritual was developed either from the JoM, inspired by it, or similar, and Ehran suggests that such a power object could help un-do what has been done to Harly.

However, they will also need a powerful practitioner of Courtly magic, and one who does not mind going against one of the Queen’s closest allies, along with the edicts and traditions of Queen and Court. To that end, Ehran has secured them lodging for the evening in the mansion of Thisbe Sorrel, the Queen in Exile. He tells them to stay on their toes but also to assess her potential interest in the mission at hand. They agree, and head straight there, not wanting to risk the castle halls at night. They are ushered in by a plant-matter humanoid spirit named Walks Through Tall Grass, who studiously ignores Creep’s attempts at mild antagonism.

When they enter, they find a number of children of various ages playing, including two toddlers who bear notable resemblances to Sanquals Love and Armando Salazar, as hinted at in the team file. Creep also spots that a teen sitting in an armchair at the side of the room is none other than their host, Thisbe. Her eyes, filled with ancient knowledge and a long, long life give her away, though she fooled Otters, initially. They converse a bit, with Otters growing more and more bored and frustrated as she is reminded yet again that she STILL ISN’T IN VR! She also notices that Thisbe seems fascinated by and is aggressively flirtacious with Creep, which seems to be totally going over Creep’s head.

When Creep and Thisbe heads upstairs for her to more closely study the scarification done to him to prep him as a Shadow vessel, Otters stays behind and reads some of the various books, scrolls, tomes and tablets left scattered about. Most are in languages and scripts unfamiliar to her, but a few are legible. Amongst them she finds the spell, crafted by Thisbe, to originate the Great Hall messaging system, which just lightly uses blood magic. Otters records the spell formula to share with others later. She also finds some notes about Mama (from Boston), some past team members, and Mama making incursions into the Metaplanes. After exhausting her reading materials, she curls up on one of the divans to try desperately to sleep, but also sees that one of the children is playing with a set of oddly shaped blocks that seems to reshape the mansion around them.

Upstairs, Thisbe strips Creep down and makes thorough record of his markings. He explains he is watching Roseanne during this and she inquires if he finds this sexually stimulating. He does not, but agrees to provide her with a “sample” in exchange for her assistance, switching his internal feed to a playback of the somewhat D/s chatroom hang he had at new year’s with Dr. Tilda Aurand. This gets the job done quickly, and Sorrel says she’s head off to the bath, telling Creep to sleep “where he will.” Creep dresses, returns to the foyer, and sleeps under the divan that Otters is curled up on. They awake in the morning to one of Sorrel’s servants (/older children?), Edselia, offering refreshments, as Thisbe emerges down the stairs, visibly pregnant.

She tells them in a roundabout way that she will assist them in their task as they fumble through a few inquiries, and suggests that Heat, or another TM, should be able to trace the 3 Coimeadai that hold Harly’s mind from the Pá coins that will either be held by Alachia or one of her close minions. She also says she will help with the ritual as she seems quite interested in esoteric spellcraft, amongst other things. Her and Otters go on a brief tangent about riggable corpses, which Otters quickly abandons but she seems to wish to explore further. She then offers to perform a ritual on Creep to ensure that his body is destroyed in the event of his death, preventing it’s use as a Shadow vessel, and Creep agrees, feeling a distressingly hot burning sensation in his chest after she licks a sample of his blood off his finger and focuses on him for a moment.

The sensation fades to a pleasant but detectable warmth, and they head to the Morning Hearing with a few members of the Sorrel household, though not Thisbe herself. Not seeing Heat or Aradia there, they are happy to at least spot their detained team-mates, hauled up before the Queen’s dais. They also see that someone has casually tossed a ratty tarp over the Shadow tourmaline, seemingly done in an insultingly insouciant fashion on purpose, while still blocking it from broadcasting messages on it’s surface. And the mosaics and murals today seem focused on Queens: one Queen, upright, with a spectral double, both crowned, while another crowned Queen, inverted, watches from the shadows. Three more Queens cavort and scheme, with partial crowns or hair styled as such: one in a thorny wood, one in a glade, and one in a pool of blood. They think they can ID almost all of the figures, which also seem to boost some of the rumors travelling the court, but one of the lesser Queens remains a mystery.

Meanwhile, TD and PPJ have been attempting to maintain their sanity in their tiny, void-edged dungeon cells. PPJ also almost loses himself to the laughter, with TD providing some critical leadership to bring him back from the (literal) edge, as he all of a sudden realizes that poking his toes into the void isn’t actually that funny at all. They converse a bit, with TD trying to make sure this it the real PPJ, while both try to ignore the laughter. After an unclear amount of time passes, they are blindfolded again and brought forth from their cells, and TD overhears one of their jailors muttering something about “one of them having escaped” before being shushed. They are brought up to Court, blindfolds removed, and happy to see their friends in the audience.

The Rite of Testimony starts, with the Queen’s Magister reading the ritual from a book that the Queen’s Steward holds. TD assenses the magic to make sure no other castings are involved, and when it looks like it is those two plus some ambient Castle magic, submits, not seeing a better option. PPJ does the same. A few different Courtiers are questioned- Chambray Cliff seems to be digging into both Shadow faction activity as well as the threat of Blood doppels. From the first few questionings, it seems that Cliff is playing a complex political game and trying to score points more than make examples, although the Queen seems to be growing bored by the lack of major revelations, and the Magister and Queen’s Champion both occasionally interject in the questioning. One of the other early questioned reveals that he is there on behalf of STV to set up a law office, with permission, but initially just working on behalf of their client the Magical Investors Group. Since MIG has the Queen’s permission to study there and Foggy vouches for STV, he is quickly released.

The worst moment for Cliff is in his questioning of disgraced former High Priestess member Sacre Floot, who reveals under the Rite that she was tortured by Hermit faction or their agents. Cliff manages to shut it down quickly but that doesn’t seem to have gone quite how he liked. TD is forced to reveal their regrets over failed past cases, a private shame made public but no great secret, and they see a classic Holmsian-styled detective, an Indian woman, nodding along as if she understands. TD notes that for later. PPJ is up next, and Cliff digs deep. Creep and Otters attempt to cheer and boo at appropriate times in support of PPJ but it doesn’t quite work, so Creep turns into a chair to hide, seeing some interested looks at this display of sartorial disguise. They both back off a bit though.

It seems like the unifying factor amongst all of the Courtiers being questioned is that they received messages from the tourmaline, were seen looking at or listening to it, or volunteered themselves (TD). PPJ hands over the note the tourmaline gave him, which like the other missives is recorded into the Steward’s book but not read aloud- it seems that although the prohibition against discussing the tourmaline has been lifted for this Rite, the Queen still has some prohibitions on it in place. PPJ also reveals his backstory, missing memories and weird times on the metaplanes and all. He’s very open about everything, though Cliff keeps trying to twist his words to suit his own purposes.

Eventually, PPJ is forced to reveal his largest secret- he has a mysterious implant that he doesn’t understand, which seems to connect him to an unknown entity whose feeling seem to effect PPJ’s access or lack thereof to occasional bursts of additional power. This is a little more explicit about this than he has been all at once with the team, though he has told them all of these things bit by bit. Cliff seems to view this as the big reveal, since the crystal, as well as PPJ’s spine, are blood implants, but it doesn’t hit as hard at Court as desired and PPJ largely keeps his cool. Cliff hurries through the final Courtier, who is detained for further question after being revealed to have collected messages from the tourmaline, believing them important. Old Crow sends the team a message to meet with him after the hearing, seeming concerned about the mention of STV and MIG.

They see a petitioner named Montagne up next, who collects statuary and seems to be gradually calcifying himself. He seems to prefer statues, icons, etc of lost cultures, and rambles on about his own lost kingdom, seemingly some 4th World or “Era of the Corpse Lily” collapse, which seems to make the Court uncomfortable. However, he has heard rumors of some sort of planar junction of statues, standing stones, monoliths and the like that he things could allow safer travel of the deep metaplanes if it is discovered and offers a bounty for any who can locate it. Next, Foggy is properly ascended to Queen’s Courtesan, as well as ennobled by Queen’s edict, for services rendered, finalizing her glowup.

Lady Xoc of High Priestess makes a rare appearance at Court, utilizing the Rite of Wishes to publicly claim Sacre Floot as one of her own once again, seemingly offering her protection and a return to the fold, possibly as a counter-move to Hermit in response to Floot’s allegations of torture. Finally, just as the Queen is about to end the Hearing, a strange spirit steps forward and she pauses, which the team hasn’t seen before. The spirits is named Portent and states that although it cannot see it’s own future, it can see dark days ahead for the Court- bargains will be offered, some too good to refuse, and taken them may lead to ruination. With that cryptic warning, Court is adjourned, and the team exits, bumping into Aradia on their way out.

She explains that she’s arranged a meeting with a member of the Magician faction after the team once again seems iffy on allying with Bastard, which is PPJ’s preference. TD and PPJ plan to head to the luncheon and feel Magician out, at least for the night. Creep and Otters head to Bristeluchairt tavern to meet with Old Crow at an open lunch. Otters is briefly distracted by the central feature, a massive chimney with four hearths facing out on each side, over each of which is mounted some massive pelt or skull as well as a unique looking weapon. As Otters stares, she hears the firekeepers at each hearth telling the tale of the hunter who wielded each weapon, and slew each of the great beasts whose remains reside above, as well as suggesting that should anyone hunt a greater beast with a more interesting weapon, they will have their own moment of glory here.

Old Crow sits them down and warns them that the Magical Investors Group is essentially a front for the Black Lodge. Based on the timing of their arrival, he also wouldn’t be surprised if MIG/BL was either partially or fully behind the Shadow faction as well- what better way for a human supremacist group to operate at Court than in secret? Based on intel OC got from some Rogue Lodge contacts, he thinks the BL may have come hear believing that the Court and the Yellowstone Anomaly could be sources of great power, or great danger, as hinted at it in Hansu’s Prophecies 1 and 2. He requests the team dig further, and they agree to. They also see that he still looks injured from Detroit- somewhat depleted and weakened in what may be a permanent manor. He offers payment of a type of the team’s choosing, but hints that the ability to travel the metaplanes is one option.

At the Magician luncheon, TD and PPJ converse with Sven Skarsbard and his lover Chloe Glowworm. They both seem concerned about poison, which eventually leads to the tale of Sven’s poisoning and a past team member assisting them in resolving that, though Sven is still weaker than usual and they’re both paranoid. Chloe seems comfortable making offers and promises on behalf of Magician though, so they do a little interview about what each can off the other. After PPJ rejects her offer to attend their schools and become a Master Magician (partially because he is insulted that they would make him test up from level 1), they get down to business and secure patronage for the night in exchange for the message spell formula that Otters copied at Thisbe’s. Chloe also gives them a list of other optional payments, including a Tarot set, if they wish to secure a longer term arrangement.

They agree to think on it, and exit, meeting up with the rest of the team and all debriefing on what they found out. They go over the Prophecies again, and discover another Tarot set that seems relevant, as well as various worrying hints of what may come. TD and the others also have a few lingering threads they want to follow up on at and around Court, and they once again find themselves without specific dinner plans, so they all agree to spend a moment deciding what to do next. They also discuss if Creep and Thisbe’s child will be part gnome or part chair, if that is the truer representation of Creep’s being now.

The Tale Unfolds
6/17/2024, 10:45:36 AM
Runners
Creep
The Detective
Otters aka Roadkill
Pepper Jack
Heat
Aradia

Aradia and PPJ stay behind to keep an eye on the team’s gear, as PPJ requests not to be left alone (or trusted if seen alone) with news of his dopple/clone/? being inhabited by a powerful Blood Spirit. The rest of the team head to the Trickster’s Buffet, following the pulsing guide sigil on their invitation. They find a door carved with a faded infinity loop and enter, finding themselves in a long hall, into which has been crammed a long sectional table and chairs, with Castle servants squeezing amongst the diners to deliver food. There also seem to be a complicated game of musical chairs going on, where the table nearest the door along with it’s chairs are lifted aloft and sent to the far end, with diners racing after to maintain their places.

This leads to a lot of jostling and opportunistic adjustment of relative placement, in which the team partakes. Creep sneaks along under the table for a while until he realizes that the people who notice him there are amused at his “prank” and the takes a chair just before a disappointed courtier, who is ejected from the dinner, as the team gets the sense that as the feast and table progress, chairs are occasionally removed, so they have to stay on their toes in multiple ways.

Heat and Otters end up paired together, in conversation with a man they quickly ID as Rooster, from descriptions in the team file. He seems exhausted and a little bit edgier than reported and after some clever banter with Heat (Otters proves to be too direct, though she manages to cover for it), they get some intel. Rooster explains that he and an-ex-ex teammate of theirs have been engaged in a long-running series of pranks, and that Test had got him real good by dosing him with Tempo. Thus, he can’t safely sleep often as Shadow spirits will possess his sleeping body if he does, especially given that Shadow spirits are probably seeking broad revenge against the Fae after the destruction of Fauth-Doshgoi.

He offers patronage for the night through Hanged Man, delaying the need for a more permanent commitment for another day, in exchange for two favors- he needs someone to guard him while he sleeps, and he passes them a small sachet of some sort of drug, which he wants them to dose Test with, as Heat had let slip that they knew of Test’s current location and vocation. Figuring that they’ll be back to the Great Library on Kindred at some point, and after Rooster assures them it is a non-lethal prank, they agree.

The table shuffles again, and they find themselves seated near a late middle-aged human woman, who seems to possess some serious spycraft skills. They don’t put it together initially, but from down the table Creep recognizes her as Samantha Roth, the ex-UCAS military former NeoNET spymaster. She explains to Heat and Otters that she got hired on by Johnny Spinrad during NN’s post-Boston collapse, but that after his death, his wife Gabrielle has been sidelining any high-level perceived loyalists, including her. She was sent to the Seelie Court to establish a footprint for Spinrad Global and gain intel.

She compliments the two runners on their strange display at Court the prior morning, which Heat is pleasantly surprised was noticed. She also warns them that conservatives at the Court don’t want outsiders to mess with their “gramarye” aka “grimoire”, which is what the locals call what passes for their network. She explains that Court enforcers known as “Crows” are surely watching the team after their little trick, and that although they aren’t GOD they do have serious matrix skills, and are more attuned to the unique local environment therein.

Otters seems to be losing it a bit from not having hotSIM access for days, and Roth tells her to check out the Geocache room, if they can locate it, as well as to take a visit to the area around Gilik’s tavern, where she might find things more to her liking. As she seems somewhat willing to dispense with local customs of obscure speech and hints at more work available, they ask her to take a walk with them away from the dinner, and she agrees. They quickly outpace the chaotic moving table, and have an informative convo about the state of the matrix at Court.

Roth is pleased to find that the team is already fully briefed on the Null Sect, and that Heat seems to have a personal vendetta against them. She tells him to take a look around when he gets to Geocache and report his findings, as she has suspicions that the Null are attempting an infiltration of the Court from there. She also tells Heat that if he can amass a collection of “pá” coins, he can probably use his rare TM abilities to essentially act as a comms hub for the crew while they are in this strange place, and tells him to further study the coimeadai network to gain an understanding of how this might work.

She offers various payments, including cash if they are as crass as that, but seems cautiously optimistic about having some reliable freelancers on hand. They all split off and head out, disappearing from each other in the dim areas between torches in the endless hallway. Otters and Heat return to the Renraku safehouse, with Otters and Aradia offering to stay behind and wait for the others, while Heat and PPJ bring their still-peacebound crate of illicit gear down to Gilik’s, where Rooster is putting them up for the night. First, Heat uses his TM abilities to check out the Renraku host through a charging port for electronics provided in the bunk room.

Seeing that it is a very high rating hidden host, he decides that the job for Gary Cline/Horizon is currently not possible, so backburners that for now. Meanwhile, at the Everhall dinner, Creep and The Detective have ended up sitting to together, and gradually work their way into conversational range with their host, Garbh Filiochta. She seems interested in them, and the table is amused at Creep’s blatant disregard of conversational and social rules, as this is all seen as a grand jape in this context. Creep is flustered by their amusement, so TD does most of the talking.

They get the feel that Garbh has been tasked with feeling out what the team is up to here, and who, if anyone, they are aligned with. Creep has also spotted 3 masked killers at the dinner, who he assesses are there to protect Garbh rather than the event, and to “deal” with the team if they are a problem. TD manages to initially dissemble successfully, but they realize that they need to give Garbh something to avoid further complications, and so tells her that the team is there working for an Earth client to research an Earth entity using the Court’s excellent libraries, and that they have not permanently aligned with any faction and are delighted to make new connections.

This seems to satisfy for now, though Garbh suggests that an appropriate gift to the Queen for her ongoing tolerance of their presence could be an item to add to her Arcana, or some assistance in helping quash some of the nasty rumors floating around about her. They take the hint, and plan to either leave soon or make an appropriate offering. The table shuffles again, and they find themselves near an ancient courtier named Porl Sandstorm, who seems to know a lot and interestingly though he seems well-connected, is ostentatiously free of any markers that would suggest a Faction affiliation.

He conversationally hints at some of the rumors about the Queen that Garbh had alluded to- apparently in addition to the “artifacts for access” scandal that the team heard hints of at Court the previous morning, there are also longstanding rumors being amplified by the Agents of Clarity that the Queen is herself a doppleganger or some other nefarious entity, and that this should call her entire coronation into question. He phrases this all as if these are awful rumors he has overheard that he ought not repeat but has allowed himself to be convinced to- very smooth.

TD and Creep leave after that, with Garbh telling Creep to attend a certain mansion address if he still seeks a tailor- so it seems like they passed the audition. They leave and manage to catch Heat and PPJ before they head to Gilik’s, so with a slight change of plans, Aradia and the rest of the crew head down there with the gear to get ready for the Feast of Hecate ball later in the evening, while PPJ and Creep head to the mansion wing to seek the address Creep was given. They find it with little trouble, as their corporate temp housing is nearby, currently. And find what looks like various size and style mansion faces jammed in next to each along the sides of a wide corridor, with the Castle seemingly having reshaped itself around them.

They find the address the seek, a small and modest but nice single story house with a charming fence and organized front garden. Approaching the round door, Creep tries the gnome-height knocker at it’s center. PPJ says he will stay outside, as he wants to examine the strange magic here, which suggests that the Castle can shuffle these mansions around as needed in some inscrutable way. Creep enters to find Marcus Ko, the Queen’ tailor, waiting, alongside one of the masked killers from the dinner. Marcus instructs the masked man (Sir Cian) to fetch appropriate tools, and he crouch-walks around the gnome-size house awkwardly to do so.

Creep describes his desires, and Marcus seems interested by the project- making a wearable chair that will allow Creep decent mobility and some armor, while also being able to pose as furniture. He says Creep will need to remain with him for a bit while he readies the garment, and hopes he doesn’t have other plans for the evening. Creep agrees, and in payment offers up his Tarot ticket to Zurich Orbital, which has been weighing on him as he doesn’t really plan to use it, but it is tied to him. Marcus seems happy to accept this, perhaps assuming that as a fellow gnome he can plausibly pass, and Creep sees it transform from a digital token to a paper ticket as he passes it over.

Marcus suggests that this could be an item of great value to him, given how much Foggy gained from her own trip to ZO and the moon. Creep feels relieved to be rid of it and settles in for an evening of measurements and custom tailoring, familiar from his pageant upbringing. The rest of the team leaves Aradia watching over Rooster after having set up some appropriate magical defenses in a back room off of Gilik’s tavern- an impressive 4 story den of assorted debauchery that feels a bit like home to the runners. Otters is also delighted to see some assorted tech here, though it seems like steampunk is the dominant vibe, and she wonders if there are locals or material plane visitors who paradigm-shifted, and assumed it is probably some mix.

There are far more dwarves, as well as gnomes, orks, and other metatypes down here than at Court proper, and they feel they have travelled deep below the Castle to reach this location. They also all had to crawl through a low opening to enter the tavern, seemingly intended to bring everyone down to dwarf height, at least for a moment. With Rooster performatively snoring away, Aradia readies the other 3’s outfits, transforming them magically to white with a hint of silver, as instructed by Niall, after they discuss whether or not to be sartorially disruptive and decide against. They head to the ball, at the Agatarish Dome, and for once have little trouble finding it, feeling almost as if the Castle guides them there.

They find an elegant older Kappa (seemingly the titular Agatarish) hosting, and a stage set up at one end of the large chamber, on which a band is playing- Heat is immediately drawn that direction to study the unusual microtonal modality, and gets what recordings he can before Foggy comes over to converse with them and he reluctantly pulls himself away. Foggy explains the them about the Feast of Hecate and the monthly balls at Court, and Heat goes straight for it and hands over their 6WT Queen of Batons, with a gracious reminder that Niall was behind this. Foggy is delighted and suggests that so long as nothing untoward occurs, this should assure her ascension to the highest rank of courtier, and that if this happens, she will be in an even better position to assist her friends, whoever they may be.
The team agrees that they would love to be friends, and she seems delighted to hear it. She introduces her young cousin Olin ke’Coille, who seems a little small for his formal robe, but has a cute spirit weasel companion and seems to be quite a powerful mage as he levitates off at great speed after politely meeting them. With their task out of the way, they decide to just have a good time, with TD and Otters eventually slipping off as they event descends into full spring orgy mode, after partaking to various degrees. Heat fully commits, grooving to the music and getting it on with an assortment of partners in an assortment of configurations (careful to always keep his cloak on).

The team rests, and decide to all head to Court in the morning, as PPJ and Aradia were able to take shifts watching Rooster, who seems quite relieved to feel well-rested for once. He seems to be collecting tales, as usual, and the team inquires about something else they’ve been curious about- what’s up with Harlequin? Rooster is disappointed that they already know the big reveal that he’s the Jester, but explains that Harly has been mind-wiped and made into a coimeadai- so presumably his memory and self are being securely stored somewhere? Rooster seems to desire the role of Jester for himself so offers his assistance if needed for any future mischief that might help achieve that. This also reminds the team that Harly had split himself intentionally once before, creating Gwynplaine, and wonders what happened to GP as well.

He stays behind to continue eating breakfast at Gilik’s (having ordered the full English) while the team heads back upstairs, following the tolling bells. They enter the Great Hall as the Morning Hearing commences, and TD sees that the tapestries and mosaics today seem to hint at some scandals in the artifact trade at Court- both members of the Queen’s faction trading artifacts for access, as they had heard rumored, and also other high ranking houses of various factions seemingly selling off heirlooms at historical low points to some shadow-y figure. They are unable to figure out more as the crowd roils, but it seems like some scandals are brewing amongst the courtiers in response.

The ignored Shadow Tourmaline is now broadcasting a message in glowing red letters on it’s black surface, saying “Beware the Hidden Master! Are they Traders, or Traitors?” – everyone sees it but carefully looks away. PPJ leaps up to a balcony again, careful to stay in view of the rest of the team. The line of petitioners form. Aneki goes first, and gets approval to expand Renraku’s census into a taxonomical survey of the denizens of the Court and the metaplanes in general, offering recompense for any who participate, and assuring the Court that their studies are purely non-invasive and non-surgical. Heat gets excited as maybe this is a way in to hack their databases for Horizon, though the rest of the team still seems suspicious of Heat’s goals here, though certainly convinceable.

The team is then surprised to see the legendary Ehran the Scribe, who gets approval to set up an employment office, seeking skilled magical practitioners and other specialists for an unspecified project funded by the DIMR, offering competitive rates. He instructs any interested parties to seek him out, and the team also notices the conspicuous absence of Frosty Jane, who usually accompanies him on these sort of tasks. Next a plucky young reporter named Suzuki Jones, who the team knows of from the file, and Heat personally remembers from internal Horizon biz, gets up and requests permission to conduct interview with any prospective attendees of the forthcoming Grand Tour seasons.

It seems that these Euro-focused mobile gatherings of the rich and famous are starting to include more and more Fae due to the planes’ relative proximity, and Jones gets temporary approval only for on the record interviews- no gossip or surveillance. As Heat knows she often strings for the London-based (and Horizon-funded) conspiracy rag “The All-Seeing Eye”, he thinks these are reasonable restrictions to place. As the scandals brew about the tapestries and mosaics of the day, the team overhears some rumor chatter, that the Queen may be a secret member of the Vigilance faction, and discover some of the sources of the gossip about the Queen being a dopple- she often has conversations with some undetectable entity, and also some of the rumors seem to actually have been hinting towards Aina Dupree, the Ebon Queen/Eiolai of the Unseelie.

Finally, Chambray Cliff rises to speak again, and goes on a long speech about the dangers of the Deep Metaplanes and travellers from those realms, as well as the threat, both recent and ongoing, of Blood spirit impersonators at Court (perhaps playing off the heightened dopple fears). He then turns to point to PPJ specifically, and calls for the Rite of Testimony to be used on him and some other suspicious travellers from throughout the Court, who have been seen to receive messages from the Shadow Tourmaline. The Queen agrees, and PPJ and some other courtiers are politely seized by magic and Court guards, who start to escort them to the dungeons, as the Rite will be carried out at the next day’s Morning Hearing.

TD, fearing for PPJ if he is left alone, accompanies him voluntarily, insisting that they also be arrested, much to Cliff’s confusion. They are escorted to the dungeon, and put in adjacent, slightly too small cells, tilted out towards an open end that falls into some sort of void. They can converse, barely, by shouting into the hole in the floor provided for expelling waste, though with the audio distortion, TD is unable to fully confirm that this is the “real” PPJ talking back, though he knows the right stuff. They also hear some hideous laughter echoing from another adjacent cell, and TD briefly laughs along before almost getting subsumed and losing themselves in the laughter. They manage to pull back and decide not to engage further for now, trying to remember anything they had read of the Castle dungeons in the team file.

The rest of the crew, a bit shocked at the turn of events, decides to proceed with their day’s plans, and Aradia sets up back to back meeting with Niall and Nadja Daviar. They converse quickly with Niall after the Heating rapidly concludes, and he provides the two Tarot cards as promised. He also reminds them that if they free TD, or wish themselves to, he would be interested in discussing further what they saw in the Pendulum Room a few nights previous. Aradia and Creep head to lunch with Daviar in the Cube dining hall again, while Heat and Otters split off and head to the Geocache.

Aradia and Creep pass the cards over, which Nadja is delighted by, complimenting them on their speed and efficiency, compared to many in this frustrating place. She offers intel in response as promised and fills in the team on the holes in their understanding of GW and Zebulon’s pasts- Yuichotol’s death in the 4th World at the hands of the Therans using blood magic (AZT precursors, hence that beef), GW reconstituting her “soul” into a fettered great form spirit called Ghost Scale, and GW falling out with Dunkelzahn due to the dark magics he used to do this. Ghost Scales then herself being disrupted by Lofwyr during the early days of the Scourge, explaining that beef as well. The Great Tree that was all that remained of All-Wings burned around this time as well, leaving only the Ashes that GW seeks.

Nadja goes on to explain how the ritual that GW used to create Ghost Scales was similar enough to a locality binding to allow her fragments to coalesce around a place- in this case Denver, during the early Gold Rush, and become something of a Spirit of the City, though weak and without real power during the magical downtime. She became further fractured during the Great Ghost Dance due to the fragmentation of the USA into the UCAS and NAN, and then more so as Denver itself was chopped into slices as the Treaty City. GW’s reemergence from his astral kaer when Big D sacrificed himself to stave off the Horrors allowed GW to establish himself in Denver and begin working to reassemble, Ghost Scales, now called Zebulon, again.

He did what he could to amass power but needed more, and used the ritual conducted by Aina Dupree (the Ebon Queen) and others to close the Watergate Rift (to halt the entrance of Shedim to Earth) to do so. Aina was believed killed in the ensuing magical explosion, and her body sucked into the rift as GW also entered just before it’s closing. By tying the local hyperplanes artificially together, he was able to stabilize Zebulon, but at the expense of the city, which began suffering from the Reality Rips of a few years back. He reemerged and further established himself as the lord of Denver, with Zebulon assisting him.

This is where his beef with Harlequin emerges- Harly was Aina’s on/off lover (both are thought to be amongst the Immortal Elves), and believing her killed, he decided to get revenge on GW, executing his plane to sever Denver’s hyperplanes yet again, undoing GW’s work and fragmenting Zebulon once more. According to Nadja, GW is still willing to sacrifice the people of Denver to save what he can of her, and has been offering spirit sanctuary to any spirits who swear fealty and make their way to the Mile High Realm, seemingly aiming to bolster his strength there. She also posits that GW and his allies must somehow be benefiting from the magical exchange between Earth and the MHR that contributes to the ongoing rifts.

With all of this laid out, the team feels like they have satisfactorily completed that job, and Creep asks one final question- with what was down to Harly after losing his duel to Alachia, what happened to Gwynplaine? Nadja chuckles and says that they certainly weren’t rejoined beforehand, but that GP also doesn’t walk free, suggesting that the team could do worse than to check the Castle’s dungeons for the resident mad clown, if they wish to intervene. With that all taken care of, she reminds them to look into Rex Coll when they get a chance, and they depart lunch and head back to Gilik’s.

Meanwhile, after some wandering, Heat and Otters find the Geocache, and see a physical prop representation of a laser grid slide open as they enter. They quickly notice that one of the Crows they were warned of is watching them, but both are delighted to find an actual wireless matrix they can dive into, which weirdly also has a physical manifestation, in that they enter a green line grid on black background kind of classic 2050’s matrix. Looking around, they spot some wireless repeaters seemingly installed by NeoNET before their collapse, and Heat also notices that the local “noosphere” seems to be generating Resonance energy, which NN look to have cleverly used to power their tech, creating a strange infinite loop that seem to be slowly expanding the reach of it’s effect field.

They also see 8 large floating shapes, which all seem to represent the 8 AAA members of the Corp Court from the 2050’s. Seeing that they are all fairly high security, Heat takes a closer look at the NN node, the weakest among them, and sees it is crawling with Null vines, which have begun to emerge. Otters goes to distract the Crow, pointing out their gardening problem, though the Crow seems to take this literally and suggest she speak to Banleigh Swale, the Castle groundskeeper. This allows Heat to quickly try to enter the NN host- he rejects an offered MARK and hacks his way in, quickly exiting again as he sees it is fully gutted on the inside and infested with Null icons.

Putting together that this is the node that Test had hacked and used for data dives and comms out on his last visit, Heat puts together that be utilizing the Null Node of that Foundation so extensively, Test seems to have opened a pathway for the Null to enter here, and seeing as the chamber seems to operate on an expanding loop, likely have the potential to expand their presence. Lacking any options on how to prevent this at the moment, and with the Crow remaining obstinate, they had back to Gilik’s for now to meet up and debrief. Heat wants to interfere in the Harlequin biz, and suggests they at least contact Aina/The Ebon Queen to let her know of Harly’s present circumstances, and see what happens from there. He also wants to follow up with Samantha Roth and see if there is a way to halt the Null’s progress here.

For now, they need a patron for the night and have no current dinner plans, and 1/3rd of their party is in jail, so they have some thinking to do about next steps….

Night Time is the Right Time
6/10/2024, 8:09:45 PM
Runners
Creep
The Detective
Otters aka Roadkill
Pepper Jack
Heat
Aradia

After dinner, the team discusses the Tarot set that Nadja Daviar is looking to collect and decides it likely has to do with Ghostwalker and portals- so, relevant. The team briefly discusses the potential dangers and then decides to all go wander the castle, accept Creep, who goes to bed in their Renraku-provided corp bunks. PPJ tries to manifest his way to one of the sought Tarot cards, but quickly gets lost amidst some back halls, where some strange mushrooms seem to be in use as some form of air filtration. He eventually finds his way back to their room, seeing some castle servants feeding some wall-mounted caged glow-worms that light up, lamp-like. He also goes to sleep, a bit discouraged.

Aradia and The Detective end up sticking together, and searching for a fun mystery, and find their way to the Pendulum Room, where they join a strange masked dance, though they cannot hear the music. Aradia loses the beat first, and is thrown into a black void over the edge of the swinging platform room they were dancing on. TD quickly follows suit, though they were first able to spot and memorize a strange note, that they found themselves able to read even while aware that it was not written in a language they knew.

Both in similar but separate voids, they each spot a door in the far distance, as well as both seemingly one peaceful and one exciting option to each side. Both get the sense that something may be following them, and Aradia levitates herself over to the door and enters. TD, lacking magic, takes a little longer to reach the door, and is also more curious, waiting until the thing following (some kind of massive, camouflaged, rotting centipede) gets upsettingly close, and then also exits.

They find themselves stepping out of seemingly random doors elsewhere in the Castle, and Aradia manages to make her way back to TD, and as they see the sun is starting to come up (how long were they dancing and in that void?) they head back to the room to try to get a little rest. Otters, meanwhile, has sought out a library, looking for some more info on artifacts and the like, and finds some more info on Allwings and the Ashes of the Great Tree, as well as some references to other texts to seek in another library. Hearing some noises throughout the pitch black library, she decides not to push it, and also returns to the room just as the sun is coming up.

Heat, seeking a musical excursion, finds his way out a narrow stair to the woods just outside the Castle, where he finds some Fae dancing in a perfect moonbeam in clearing, inside of an odd ring of mushrooms. He quietly records their songs and chants, though he can’t quite figure the tuning, tone or pattern as it seems to be some sort of microtonal round. However, he jumps into the circle, sampling his recordings to the beat, and seemingly accepted as a participant. He awakens late the next morning, with a bad moonburn, feeling thoroughly sore and danced out, but with the strange recordings intact.

The rest of the team, minus Otters who has decided to sleep in, make their way to the Morning Hearing in the Great Hall. PPJ carefully focuses, wanting to get to one of the balconies, as they aren’t quite full, and manages to leap up to one, seemingly calling on some approval from somewhere in his mind to gain the final push. He takes a spot, leaning on the tree branch balustrade, and sees someone who was sedately levitating towards that spot redirect. Creep, seeking a tailor to get an appropriate local fit, spots two promising candidates: a courtier with a foppish style who seems well-dressed, and a small gnome man who seems to intentionally obscure himself within the Queen’s Retinue.

Creep tries to make eyes and gestures at the Queen’s tailor, without being too obvious or causing an issue, and isn’t sure which if either of those he succeeded in, but definitely did something. He then begins ignoring the Hearing and focusing on the tapestries and mosaics, which seem to be shifting to tell a new tale- seemingly the tail of 6Cyl’s love letters to Zeha Cadgris being read aloud in Court, much to her embarrassment. Comparing notes with others on the crew, they confirm that it looks like Bastard and Hanged Man are showing as having revelled in embarrassing the torturer, while Hermit seems to have somehow politically benefited in a way the team doesn’t understand.

Heat finally stumbles in, and is shocked and delighted to see Horizon CEO Gary Cline is one of the early petitioners, and arranges a lunchtime coffee via the message system. PPJ gets a mysterious pitch black missive with a cryptic warning, seemingly one of the the notes the Tourmaline Obelisk has been sending out since everyone was instructed to ignore it. He stealthily reads and pockets it. TD composes a poetic response to what they experienced the previous night, and holds it aloft hoping to send it to a relevant party. It snaps out of their hand, and travels to Niall O’Connor, who reads it and makes interested eye contact, though it is unclear if he summoned it to hand.

Aradia also gets an invite (with guests) the evening’s Ball, The Feast of Hecate, from Foggy, who lightly berates Aradia for not contacting her the previous day. They see Cline get approval for the quarterly review of Horizon’s “New Horizons” astral travel agency to continue operations, after a dense political interchange where different factional reps come out for and against it, with some hints that there is some scandalous “artifact for access” trade going on behind the scenes. Possibly to contradict this, or perhaps missing the nuance, Cline passes a “small token” of a gift to the Queen, via Foggy.

A mortal man named Greg Bright petitions for more materials for his ongoing maze outside the Castle walls, and the team catches some gossip that he stumbled into the Court through a maze a long while ago, but has lately been taken on as “the Queen’s mazemaker” as a bit of a lark. His request is approved. A few other petitioners come and go, and the Hearing’s disperse. Otters awakens to find a note, from the former Jester Garbh Filiochta, inviting the team to a Trickster’s Buffet that evening. After meeting up and confirming that the dinner won’t conflict with the Ball invite from Foggy, they plan to do both, and then split for lunch and midday investigations.

Otters and Creep head for a history library, eventually tracking it down, and begin digging further into GW/Allwings/etc. They find a bunch of intriguing 4th and 2nd World history, seemingly often having been compiled by scribes of a lost kingdom called “Barsaive”, and put together more of the story. They also find further speculation about the origins of magic, Resonance, immortals, what happened to dragons during the Downtime, as well as some hints to the Court having it’s own long, dark and traumatic history that seems to mirror the material plane’s to some degree. Of most note is that they seem to have uncovered the origins of GW’s beef with AZT, an explicit part of their job. They also discover that a dragon known as Moleskin, who is holed up under the Vatican, has been instrumental in pushing monotheism throughout recent history, with a stated goal of reuniting the “Prime Passion.”

When Heat hears about this, he decides that god is real, and maybe he will start worshipping something. The rest of the team doesn’t quite get it. Meanwhile, TD and PPJ have teamed up and headed out to seek Tarot, hoping to advance their job with Nadja, and quickly run into Niall, who seems to have been waiting for them. They trade some info, and he agrees to help them achieve some of the lower number cards they seek, as he hints that he has recently acquired some cards that he has long sought due to acquiring some of the cards the team previously lost on the plane of Carcean. He gives them some tips to a card from the Queen’s Arcana that Foggy “misplaced”, and which may be the last barrier to her full ascension given her recent success on the Moon.

Realizing that they have the 6WT equivalent card in their possession, Aradia proposes just passing that along, and they decide to run that by the team. They can always seek out the missing card, as Niall believes he knows where it is, and seems to think there will be some sort of trap or ambush, which may be why Foggy has avoided reacquiring it herself. Niall suggests they should talk further of what they witnessed in the Pendulum room also, once they’ve completed this first task. All he asks for now is that they let Foggy know that he has been her benefactor in this matter. They agree.

Heat and and Aradia have coffee with Gary Cline, and Heat is surprised/impressed to find that he has an exact equivalent fancy Turkish drip setup to the one in his LA office. Cline gives them the usual bluff, hale and hearty treatment, and seems very charming and friendly (but also pressed for time). He sets them a few tasks on the metaplanes if they’d like Horizon’s assistance further there, or if they just want to do some work, basically corporate espionage against Renraku and AZT. He provides some details, seemingly under the assumption that they’ll take the gigs, and then heads out, telling them to check in with other Horizon reps here as needed.

Aradia is a bit amused by him overall, and Heat as usual wants to get paid. The team starts figuring out plans for the evening, with some dress tips from Niall to try not to make asses of themselves. They also review the team file and compare notes to try to keep piecing everything together in the dense sea of proper nouns they have found themselves floating in.

All Wings All The Time
6/3/2024, 1:01:56 PM
Runners
Creep
The Detective
Otters aka Roadkill
Pepper Jack
Heat
Aradia

The team reviews their recent betrayal, as well as the new info they’ve learned about “The Guide”. Deciding to do their due diligence, they call up Louis Belaran and get him to run the French ID they were given by some contacts in the French Touch, as Belaran says he heard they had agents on the ground in the FRFZ but doesn’t have personal operational knowledge. He gets back to them a little while later with good news: The Guide’s story checks out with his contacts, so seems like they can keep working together. They also do a little research on the FT consortium, sort of France’s answer to an AAA megacorp in the form of a multi-tiered corp coop, and find out that FT has also been developing a Europort alternative site near Dunkirk/Lille- intrigue across the ocean!

But with nothing that gives them any particular concern they decide to move on. Heat decides to get the ball rolling on the ShadChaps locally, and sets up a 3-way call with Perri, Johnny Silver, and Kit to discuss. Kit agrees to send some reps from Seattle to help get it off the ground after being reassured that their concerns about Horizon’s level of local infiltration/presence can be manage and accounted for, JS is excited about it and onboard, and Perri says the Nexus can provide some secure matrix resources but that she is far too busy with rebuilding and protecting the VPN to take a more active role herself.

The team then makes a list of who to talk to locally to begin their investigation into GW on behalf of the Nexus. They have a few leads, both from Perri and from PPJ’s time at the IOND, so they start there, calling around to a few contacts to develop their info further. Between chatting further to Belaran at the ASPS, chatting to Simonetta Chandra at AZT, and some research, they determine that there is a local group called “The Veil” who seem to be the allies on this side of the astral barrier of the “Hearts of Zebulon”, one of the groups they wanted to research. They also confer with Dyna Mite about means of travel within the Mile High Realm, which seems easier but more chaotic than previously.

They also have a meeting with Alexis Glimmerscale, after Heat blags his way onto her schedule, a former Childen of the Dragon head who recently gained a board seat at the Draco Foundation after Nadja Daviar’s unexpected departure, which seems to also have been hushed up a bit. Glimmerscale insists on meeting at the COTD site in Stapleton, and the team finds it looking clean but a bit dingy compared to the gleaming megachurch vibes of the Church of the Dragon Reborn down the street, which is broadcasting a trid sermon backed by hip music to the adoring crowd spilling out the front.

They enter and find Glimmerscale, with some security provided by DF-affiliated mercs, one of whom Creep strikes up a chat with, and they agree to meet for drinks later. The rest of the team chat to Glimmerscale, who agrees to help them with some intel in exchange for them doing some tasks for her- she wants to know what’s up with Daviar, who exited suddenly, leaving her seat to Glimmerscale, but also allowing Rex Coll to take charge of the DF- he claims to be returning it to it’s core mission and simplifying, but Glimmerscale doesn’t trust him and also wants to know any dirt the team can dig up on him. She says that Nadja is at the Seelie Court, but wants the team to confirm that she is the “real” Daviar and not of the of -ex-Bunraku doll fixers.

They agree, and she reveals to them that she can without a doubt say that GW is NOT the second coming of Dunkelzahn, but is in fact his brother. She doesn’t know of any interactions in the 6th World, but knows that they co-existed in the 4th. The team makes plans to head for the MHR and Seelie Court, contacting Arcane to portal them over and Silver Streak to smuggle their gear to Arcane in the Hub. Arcane also tips them to there being good paydata in figuring out what is going on with the rifts, as this is what GW seems to keep sending teams in to investigate, as well as to the fact that GW has put agents out looking for some kind of artifact known as “The Ashes of the Great Tree”.

From AZT, Aradia arranges some new Shadow Cloaks for those that need them, and in exchange gets a lists of tasks to optionally perform – some bounties and retrievals, some info gathering, while on the metaplanes. The Mystics & Magicks subsidiary has a branch in the City of Steel hyperplane, which Aradia can use as a contact point as needed, as well as the Snake Mountain faction at the Seelie Court, which is how AZT operates there. Glimmerscale also, in a gesture of good faith, gives them some lightly redacted journals from a somewhat religiously-maddened dwarf mage named Christopher Toff, who seems to have either documented tales of or been present for a number of major events in recent 6th World history, as well as to have had some deeply conflicted struggles with his identity and sexuality which have been mostly edited out where they don’t overlap with critical information. They also hear rumors of the possibility of a 5th, secret local hyperplane, directly connected to GW, which seems like it could be the origin of Doublewide, the strange underground fixer that PPJ encountered on his way back from Z-Corp.

Creep goes out for drinks with the merc, Red Clay, who is an Oceti Sakowin spec ops underwater demo specialist, and who seems likely to be a drake based on how long he has lived as a Fomori and his relatively youthful (though haggard) appearance. He seems to have lived, and lived through, a lot, and seems to appreciate Creep’s earnestness amidst some of his other less likeable social foibles. They bond over explosives as well as how being “the explosives guy” on a team can come back to bite you, and Red Clay tips Creep off to a secret roving market run by an ex-merc who goes by Sapper Daddy (the patron saint of demoltionists) and can get Creep whatever he needs in Denver. They agree to meet up again when their assorted travels deposit them in the same town.

Creep uses the new encrypted chat to contact Sapper Daddy and get the location of his next pop-up, finding a very piratical man selling all sorts of explosives, so he stocks up for their astral trip. Aradia/Order of the Garter is also contacted by a new brothel in town called “Horse Play” from the owners of the Feeding Trough, a popular vegan restaurant in the Hub. They are expanding their Centaur biz concept and want to sign up for OOTG, as they’ve heard good things about it from other clubs and brothels in town. After some clarification, it seems that Horse Play will both cater to Centaur clients and offer services from Centaurs, which PPJ finds quite interesting, though he’s unsure how his cowboy attire will play. They decide to hold off for now on a visit, but Aradia sets up a meeting a little bit out to discuss OOTG biz.

The team gets a tip to the next Veil meeting, and most of them head there, with Creep hanging back and continuing to pack and collect all the necessary mission gear, as well as hang out in his Roseanne bot. The rest of them head to rural Castle Rock, and pull off at an overlook, following the trail up into the mountains as instructed. They find a small meeting, with some attendants wearing holo-masks- these seem likely to be Veil members, with some other attendees seeming like fellow newcomers, as well as Arcane, who seems surprised to see them there but greets them warmly. Some amongst them take turns telling tales of personal losses to the Rifts, whether it was a monstrous encounter they had themselves, or someone they know lost to the same, or worse yet having disappeared into one of the Rifts before they closed.

This all grinds to a halt when PPJ shares an overlong telling of Greed Monkeys stealing his helmet during a job, making the job just slightly harder and costing some money, of which he has a surplus. Heat had encouraged him to share, but it doesn’t really make him feel any better at all. The Veil gets down to biz after that, with a few of the masked members giving the spiel- Denver is unsafe, they need to either separate or stabilize the MHR to ensure Denver’s longterm safety, the cost is mostly borne by the poor and SINless as usual, and some in power locally don’t like them sharing their message. The team decide to wait on reporting on this group to AZT and/or the ASPS as requested til they know more.

Heat uses this opportunity to quietly approach one of the masked figures and get some more specific intel, hinting that they want the same things. He gets added to a secure chat but told that for obvious reasons they have to operate on a cell structure, and encouraged to take his own actions in line with their principles. He does get confirmation that they are loosely allied with the Hearts of Zebulon, as they share the goal of stabilizing or separating the two realms to keep them both from further damage and danger. The rest of the team has gotten a little suspicious of one of the other new attendees, and Aradia confirms he is a ZDF CI via mind probe, though he seems to have had some training in resisting it.

He flees, trying to call for help while Otters tries to jam him, and not sure if the message got through, they briefly debate giving chase and decide against it. tThe team decide to hightail it as well, and Heat warns The Veil via the encrypted chat about what occurred, which seems to help the team’s rep. Arcane texts them and says that having seen what happened, he assumes they may want a different way out rather than just trying to drive back up the narrow I-25 corridor to town while the ZDF is surely inbound? They agree, and he gives them some map coords completely offroad in Castle Rock, up in the mountains to the west. Good thing the van has tracks!

Back at the safehouse, Creep gets an update that he’ll smuggling all the gear and going through Arcane’s standard portal alone, as the team has to use an emergency alt option. He packs up and gets ready to meet Arcane, passing off their illicit gear to Silver Streak in a few hardcases.The team roughs it up some very rural mountains, no roads, paths or trails in sight, and then suddenly descends into a small declivity, probably only visible from directly overhead, containing a strange and archaic little village. They see a bunch of odd beings wandering about- a 2m tall, ripped, bipedal rabbit with a mushroom hat, a bark-skinned, hirsute individual who stinks of blood, and a large glowering toad-man who seems to be watching their approach.

Otters is able to ID these species and provide a little info about them as the team exits the van, and the toad converses with them- he is very dismissive of PPJ til PPJ and Aradia remember to mask, as Bugul’s hate magic and mages, notoriously. He says that Arcane told him they were coming and he will watch the van while they are gone. He instructs them to enter a specific hut in the village and ONLY that hut, and keep walking. The team does so, and finds themselves descending into a squared-off passage into the earth. They keep going as instructed with some interesting odors along the way, until they start smelling fresher air and see some glimmers of light ahead, and push up through some growth to emerge from inside a large hollow in a root ball into what looks to be a dense but charming forest.

They see a castle in the near distance, which has some geometrical oddities/impossibilities about it, but it seems that a crowd is gathering and entering through some large open gates as a bell tolls. Meanwhile, Creep has successfully reached Arcane’s facility and linked up with the gear. Arcane attempts to make some convo but is quickly and efficiently brushed off by Creep who jumps straight through the prepared portal into some woods. As the team hears crashing and Otters accidentally fires off some bio-organic crossbow bolts from her yet-stranger drone, they hear Creep call out not to shoot and all link up- impressive aim from Arcane!

They head towards the castle, abandoning one of their crates after PPJ dons his full body armor. They see an ornately carved arch composed of two figures amidst a floral motif, and also a carved skull chattering away to some interested listeners and then enter the Court, seemingly just in time for the Morning Hearing. They see all the courtiers studiously ignoring the black tourmaline obelisk floating near the entrance, and try to study it a bit, only slightly revealing themselves as gauche noobs while doing so. After a moment of worry, they confirm that it isn’t the same material as the Ordo Maximus’ mel’thelem’s, and Aradia determines that it has some element of communication and prophetic enchantments, as well as it’s obvious levitation.

They continue in, with Heat trying to make sense of the strange almost matrix once again- there’s something there but he still can’t quite grasp it! And TD taking a look at the flowing murals and floor tile mosaics seemingly depicting assorted events. One of these appears to be a duel with dramatic wounds to both participants. Looking around, the team sees that both participants are on the Queen’s dais at the front of the grand hall- one is a somewhat cruel and haughty-looking elf woman, who wears an ornately carved half-mask to cover her disfiguring facial wound, the other is an elf dressed in motley, missing an ear, seemingly the new court jester.

The team has a shocking revelation as between their knowledge and the team file, they recognize that the Jester is a vacant-looking Harlequin, out of his standard “uniform” and makeup, and seemingly instead clothed in a mockery of both. They also see a few others around the hall that they recognize, include Nadja Daviar. Heat tries and tries to get one of the little messages he sees flitting around to work for him, but is unable to do so. PPJ then tries and finds it be simple day 1 of magic school stuff, and sets up dinner with Daviar for that evening. They also spot Kami Aneki, who offers them a light lunch in his offices after the Hearing concludes. They accept.

They hear a few Court petitions, including some Ejerian worm-people being granted temporary resident status while they seek a new home, with the Queen’s cartographer suggesting they contact the City of Amphibolite, whose mapmakers may know of such a place. Some reps from a group called Convergence that the team doesn’t know asks for permission to seek future info via the Tarot, which the are granted within the confines of their own research abilities- the Queen ignores their polite entreaties to access her Arcana. And a new ambassador from the Plane of Air is introduced, who makes a point of ingratiating himself by pointing out Harlequin’s fallen position, subtly. Aradia also makes eye contact with Fogharail ke’Coille, who seems to have been elevated upon her return to Court from the Moon, and is a closer part of the Queen’s Retinue now. Foggy gives Aradia a semi-flirtatious “let’s talk” look.

Heat attempts to his new Silver Book ability to allow Otters to try to access the strange local matrix, which also doesn’t quite work, though also seems like it could if he can just nail down a few more details, but his secondary purpose was to see if anyone noticed, which a few people do, including one of the Queen’s retinue, who herself carries a large book, wears a starry night cloak, and has a golden sword. Heat is also able to see that the coimeadai he sees all seem to have some kind of almost Resonant data trail back to whatever courtier they seem to be connected to or in the retinue of. The Hearing adjourns, and most of the team head for the meeting with Aneki while Creep goes off solo to try to find a library of poetry.

He wanders for a while before getting the hang of it, a bit, though navigating this place is disturbing for him as all of his natural instincts and habits don’t seem to be accurate amidst the shifting castle. He does find a library marked with a feather pen and inkwell, and steps inside, to find two Croki busts declaiming poetry at each other while some acolytes take notes of what is said. Creep inserts himself in, delivering his own composed line, and both busts insist that their acoltye rotate them, making a poetry triangle instead of a face-off. Creep manages to carefully steer the slam towards the subject of feuding draconic brothers over many tiring rounds, and gains some useful info for the job.

It seems that GW and Dunk’s mom was a dragon, legendary in her own right, named All-Wings. And it seems like the brothers fell out over GW’s plan to resurrect his draconic lover, who was slain by dastardly human magic. There’s also a big tree somehow tied into it, though Creep misses the nuance. Some more good leads to research! Exhausted, Creep eventually makes his exit just in time to head to the Exile’s Return, one of the castle’s less prestigious feasts in a large, generic dining hall, but more welcoming to outsiders and passer-through.

Meanwhile, the rest of the team meets with Aneki, and drinks from a lovely tea-service and eats some local species sushi. It seems that in addition to their ongoing census project, Renraku has gotten into the food import/export biz big time. Aneki agrees to host the team for the night, and seems open to longer sponsorship if they wish to enter an ongoing relationship, and Heat decides not to mention that since they have Toff journals they know a lot of secrets about Aneki’s past (as well as what Aemon did to the site of his death). In return, Aneki wants the team to distract the oafish himbo and Royal Executioner Donal Viltharion from his “investigation” into Renraku’s imported Festival Foods line, as seeing him constantly eating it is making it less appealing other courtiers.

The team agrees, and having gotten some tips on Viltharion’s interests, decide to compile the info they have on the Taco Temple tarot cards, and provide him a list and description of that set, as it is another fascination of his. With that dealt with, they say their goodbye’s to Aneki for now, who gives them directions to the temporary corp housing they’ll use for the night, and they make their way over to the Exile’s Return, where they meet up with the exhausted Creep, get a quick debrief, and enter to find that Daviar has saved them some seats at one of the large banquet tables.

As advertised, this feast seems to be comprised of travellers, outsiders, and people who have been away from Court for a while, but the food is still excellent, even at this least prestigious of events. They converse with Daviar, and though they aren’t able to confirm it is for sure the “real” her she seem to at least know the right stuff and not be a full-on imposter. She also seems suspicious of Rex Coll (both her and Glimmerscale have become quite curious as to what is happening to all the live capture bounty subjects that the DF has paid out for over the years, which seems to have been Coll’s area) and wants more intel, hinting that her exit from her board position wasn’t entirely voluntary, but that she hopes to reveal her adversaries weaknesses and plans by allowing them a position of power, for now.

She also says she is seeking four specific Tarot cards due to imagery she believes is important, and says that is why she came to the Court. She says that if the team can provide her with one or more of them, she will trade in the info that they seek, or in assistance finding anything that she doesn’t know herself, and they agree. As a show of good faith, she shares that they can find more about the Ashes of the Great Tree in Dunkelzahn’s Will, another topic to research. With some good leads and a successful first day at Court, the team calls it a night.

Betrayal and Revelation
5/27/2024, 6:34:54 PM
Runners
Creep
The Detective
Otters aka Roadkill
Pepper Jack
Heat
Aradia

PPJ finally regains consciousness, having gone on a strange journey of (or outside of?) the mind, and taken on the teachings of a survivalist variant of Wolf as a mentor. He gets caught up on the mission and proactively blocks Darien Black’s number, mad that he was pulling some of the same “tough dad” moves on Heat and Otters. Fargus Sol gets back to them and reports that his sources in the IOND have reported that Serverson seems to have exited via some kind of astral gateway, possibly tied to one of the doors of the suite- once again, the magic seemed “strange”. The team compares notes and compiles a mission dossier for Perri in order to close out the job as best they can, and get paid, though she still seems not fully satisfied.

Telling her they’ll get to her next job soon, they have a team meeting, and Heat gets everyone’s approval to keep working with Hype for now, after the ShadChaps revelations from Kit. The team encourages Heat to trust Hype a bit less, but recognizes the utility of a well-placed Horizon connection, and figure they’ll just always assume he’s manipulating them a little bit. PPJ also notices that as well as the new feeling of “pack” and whatnot from Wolf, he has a vague sense of failure and disappointment in the back of his mind, but can’t quite figure out what’s going on there.

They get in touch with Niki, and get the rundown on the next job for Vishala: stealing some research from an MCT facility, happily a relatively accessible lab in Arvada, rather than one of their Zero Zones. The samples they are to steal require some special equipment to handle and transport safely, which is provided by Vishala alongside ID’s for the job, cleaning uniforms and employee badges. The team does a few days of recon and research, and makes their plan.

They track and Mind Probe some cleaning staff to garner some intel, and Heat gets a line on their dispatcher- they live in protected housing in Commerce City, which also looks to be an MCT subsid. They stock up on gear they can get in as cleaning supplies, and head in, with Heat hacking into the dispatch and sending the real cleaners to their other jobsite first. Their ID’s seem to pass muster, so they get onsite, and follow the protocol that Aradia was able to pull from one of the cleaners’ minds.

While getting into their PPE and grabbing the bigger cleaning gear onsite in the storage room, they split into 3 pairs, and Creep makes a bleach bomb for each, in case they need a distraction. They all separately work their way to the target room, spotting some different physical, mana and dual-natured wards on various modular labs that they pass, though some rooms also look to be unused. Reaching the target room, they spread out and do repetitive cleaning actions while Heat loops the two cameras that point towards the door.

Heat notices that the door is on a separate system just as Creep pops it open with a Maglock Passkey, and sees that it only holds empty shelves. An alarm goes off, and Heat hides and then flees the matrix as 4 high level MCT hackers log on. The facility lights go out, with only red emergency lights flashing. The team races away from the area, hearing the sounds of booted feet and drones deploying in facility security response. They head for the front entrance, the only clear exit through the facility’s ward, but are cut off by security forces, and Creep overhears a briefing that someone called in a runner threat, dressed as cleaners, for a team known not to take prisoners- they got set up!

They backtrack, hoping to figure out some other plan while debating if they should just surrender, since they are so underequipped as they went in stealth mode. As they see some Earth spirits starting to approach them to try to cut them off, the building rattles from a large explosion. They also hear what sounds like some combat at the entrance- an ally? or at least a distraction? Regardless, some of the team head towards the explosion, while Heat and Creep take on some guards who caught up to them- luckily they don’t have gas masks, so they fall back from Creep’s second bleach bomb.

Otters has been frantically trying to get a signal out, and unable to- they seem to be Faraday’ed. However, she finally get through to the van as a second explosion hits the east side of the building, near the parking lot, and starts pulling the van around as Aradia levitates her body away. PPJ gets into a brief fight with one of the Earth spirits trying to cut them off, but manages to flee when it is distracted by a noxious Beast spirit that races in from the East. Otters also gets a message from The Guide, offering his assistance, and suggesting they use his temporary distraction to make good their escape, and get in touch with him later.

They race towards the exit, jumping into the van just as Stick’N’Shock rounds start pinging off the walls near them as more security guards start to catch up. They flee the area, with Heat masking their signals as Creep and Otters change van camo, and Otters alternately stealths and speeds to avoid the HTR teams incoming, as well as the ZDF cordon that is dropping around the extra-territorial zone they are exiting. They get away, and call The Guide, who sets up a meeting with them to explain further- he seems to be honest with them and not be behind the setup so they agree.

Heat also calls Jonny Silver, and tells him to blacklist both Vishala and Niki, and then Otters gets a message from Niki suggesting she got attacked and had to flee, and warning them that it looks like Vishala burned them all, as she wasn’t able to get through to their comms (Faraday etc). She says she’s trying to lay low and get out of town for a bit, since whoever came after her knew too many details of her movements for comfort, and suggests the team might do the same. Heat, a bit shamfefully, calls Jonny back and tells him Niki might not have been involved after all, which Jonny says is a shame since he’s already been putting the word out- can’t put that genie fully back in the bottle!

Regardless, they need answers and Niki is unreachable and Vishala’s comm is fully a dead number, so they head out to meet The Guide. As they are suspicious, they do a bit of research and ask some probing questions, and he confirms that “The Guide” ID is kind of a floating cover, though he says he is a fan and devotee of the original Guide, who tutored Nicholas Whitebird in his youth. He confirms that he is actually working as an investigative agent for the French Touch economic consortium, who are interested in knowing more about the Free City phenomenon sweeping the continent, as well as the general situation in Denver and it’s potential alteration of it’s status as “Treaty City”.

He says Louis Belaran should be able to verify and vouch as needed, as he also has contacts in the FT, and as they like him and he seems to be telling the truth, they go with it. He asks them not to spread that info around, which they agree to, and he offers to make them whole on the the pay they didn’t get from the last job for Vishala if they give him everything they have on her, with a bonus for sensor data etc. They agree, and send it over, and he offers them an opportunity for some future revenge, as well as more pay, once he has a chance to sift through it all.

As he is so chill, he doesn’t pressure them, making clear it’s just an offer, and also suggest they get out of town for a minute, in case Vishala had a second (or more) cleanup options on deck for them. They agree, and agree to stay in touch. They decide it will make the most sense to do a little on the ground investigating in town first, and then head to the metaplanes for Perri’s job, as well as possibly doing a Resonance dive, to seek out the info on GW"s true origins and other secret history.

Checking in with the Nexus on their ongoing decryption/translation project on the Silver Book, Heat finds that they cracked a big section, explaining the history and origin or Resonance and Dissonance, which Heat relays to the group, containing a lot of strange and confusing historical facts and revelations. They learn a lot, but it also leaves them with a few more big questions, including- what ever happened to the Silver Book that can supposedly cause TM’s to emerge? A powerful item if it can be found.

They rest for now, keeping a watch at the safehouse, and prepare to seek out yet more lost intel.

Gargoyle Brawl
5/20/2024, 3:51:33 PM
Runners
Creep
The Detective
Otters aka Roadkill
Pepper Jack
Heat
Aradia

The team, with The Detective having arrived late but provided crucial leadership, manage to get the drop on the startled gargoyle-like beings that have dropped through the ceiling after the demo charge. Heat and Otters (via drone) open fire, downing both of them, and kind of disturbed to see them chip apart and shatter revealing desiccated fleshy interiors- Otters doesn’t have time to focus right now but these don’t seem like normal gargoyles, though the team does recall some recent news about a calcifying virus spreading amongst that population…

A well-placed grappling hook gets Creep up the 10th floor, and Creep looks around for a threat, sensing none, and only seeing a bunch of furniture and regular hotel stuff. Since he loves hiding in couches, he starts shooting them just in case, but no luck so far. Aradia follows Creep up, along with PPJ in full astral form, spotting that there are massive illusion spells all over the penthouse, Aradia isn’t able to make much sense beyond that but PPJ manages to follow a Mind Probe spell thread from Creep back to the caster, and launches an astral assault, assuming this is the target. Aradia and PPJ report that something bad and weird is going on with mana and channeling up on the 10th floor.

Aradia flies Heat up as while Otters finishes off the second garg downstairs, and then Aradia and Creep come under heavy attack as another 10 garg’s appear out of their illusory furniture disguises. Creep gets mobbed but manages to leap free back down to the floor below, and Aradia flits about avoiding acid spit before turning herself invisible, after confirming that the garg’s don’t seem to be dual-natured. Heat gets swarmed next and also has to leap back down, and the garg’s start piling in after him and Creep. Heat tries to access the penthouse matrix to prevent the target fleeing, but is rebuffed by what looks to be a fully Null-infected node.

Aradia, being the only one present in the astral, relays how the fight between PPJ and Fidian is going- badly! Fidian smoothly dodges PPJ’s first attempt at an attack and then slays him in 2 swift blows as Aradia watches- she tries to intervene with a spell but Fidian counters it, and then she flees astral space and retreats to the 9th floor, not wanting to be his next victim. Below, the fight with the garg’s has devolved into a brutal slog, with the team preparing to retreat after Creep shoots out a window and calls for them to flee.

Hearing a door upstairs swing open and slam shut, they fear the target is fleeing, so Heat ditches his gun and acid-shredded squirrel suit and races down the elevator to the lobby, overclocking it to try to catch Fidian there. However, once he arrives and calls Perri to update and ask for assistance, as well as warn her of the NS connection, he sees that the private 10th floor elevator is neither in use nor appears to have been used recently. Have they been tricked?

Meanwhile, upstairs, the fight has taken a turn for the worse, as Creep is also killed. Otters manages to fight a desperate retreat to the window with PPJ’s body (levitating courtesy of Aradia) while providing covering fire with the drone, which is also shortly destroyed. Aradia tricks some of the garg’s with a well-timed illusion of an additional troll combatant joining in, but it doesn’t distract them long, so Aradia leaps free, catching herself with a levitation spell, while also reckless casting levitations and invisibilities on TD and PPJ and Creep’s bodies, hoping to save them.

Otters jumps out the window and then goes startlingly limp as she goes hot into VR and catches herself with her new stealth VTOL. Aradia carries the injured and dying to a nearby rooftop and then tries to keep a magical eye out, but has a ton of spells going and is pretty distracted. Otters does some surveillance passes but doesn’t see Fidian anywhere. Heat accesses PPJ’s commlink and call Darien Black, getting a quick response after hyping some 4th World magic type mystery. Unfortunately, Heat also has to talk his way out of trouble with hotel security, who are interested in why a window on the 9th floor just exploded, so he quickly trades Hype some info in exchange for an edit to make it look like the distraction drone they crashed in earlier caused the cracks, and they only just widened enough to break.

After signing a waiver of any legal rights, they let Heat go, just in time for him to see the IOND delegation arrive, magicked-up to a significant degree, and get into a heated argument with hotel security about their need to access the 9th and 10th floors. Darien wins out, due to having some relevant connections and seemingly having called it into the ZDF ahead of time, and they eventually are allowed to head up, though a few levitate up from outside. The team all joins up on the nearby roof, where TD and Aradia try to stabilize their two downed team-mates, both of whom look likely to survive, though they are currently in a bad way.

As they watch from outside, they see some acid spray and significant expenditure of magical energy arcing about the 9th and 10th floors, seemingly the IOND fighting the surviving gargs, after which Darien angrily calls back Heat to berate him for not giving him an accurate tactical assessment of the scene, and then refusing to share any info they recover as punishment. Heat and Otters both briefly fall for the “disappointed dad” schtick before rallying.

They get Creep and PPJ back to the main safehouse to recover, paying Silver Streak a much reduced rate as they only need her to smuggle out a few items compared to what they brought in. Everyone else meets up at Aradia’s Hub bolthole for a debrief, and assesses what they know. Fidian seemed to channel magic in a weird way, as well as his techniques for counterspelling and sustaining- all unknown to the team’s mages. Also, Otters analyzes the data on the gargs, and confirms they are not Earth gargs, and appear to be metaplanar beings, though not spirits. They also look to have been put together out of assemblages of spare parts in a way that is reminiscent of both Site 000 and PPJ’s strange alterations.

They have another secure digital meet with Perri and Kludge, and report on the overall mission failure, but spin it as good data gathering. Perri admits the opposition was a lot stranger and stronger than expected, but seems let down overall. She reluctantly tasks the team with another important job for the Nexus, as she still trusts them at least. She needs them to uncover GW’s past/origins, as well as his history with Zebulon, AZT, etc and find out if they can trust him or not. Given that he’s building up a TM cult, she is concerned for obvious reasons. They accept, though due to a misunderstanding, Otters makes a bit of an ass of herself first.

Heat also gets a call from Prophetess, asking if he’s ready to join up- he says not yet, but is once again tempted, especially as they offer to “help deal with his GOD problem.” Aradia calls all the job intel into Fargus Sol, and also asks for additional info on GW, if available. They get some info from Sol about Arleesh’s true role behind the scenes in Detroit, where she suffered a grievous injury while blunting some of the worst effects of the large magitech device that was set off there. She’s still recovering, which Sol requests they keep on the DL, as noone needs word that Earth’s greatest defender is injured to leak. He does report that while she was briefly conscious, she relayed that GW’s 4th World name was “Icewing.”

He also reports that based on their data from this failed job, plus The Auditor’s coin and some studying of PPJ and other Returned, all seem to be of the same type of strange magic, capable of manipulating mana at a more base level than was believed possible. With Aradia’s input, they also confirm that the strange altered mana they encountered near the Blackout blimps is also of the same or a similar type. Something odd is afoot in Denver! They also wonder if the “gargoyle” body assemblages where part of what The Auditor was smuggling stasis bods into Denver for, and put together that Fidian seemed to be maintaining the gargs corporeal form, as Aradia noticed him dropping spells throughout the fight as the gargs took massive damage.

All in all, strange. They also relay the NS threat presence to Fargus, and he wishes them luck. Hype calls up Heat for a coffee, and Heat finishes debriefing him on the non-privileged aspects of the failed job as promised. Hype instructs Heat to try to get the Shadow Chapters up and running in Denver, since they haven’t really gotten a foothold yet, and are suspicious of corps attempting to “help”, suggesting that Heat and his team have the street cred and Seattle/Chicago connections needed. Heat agrees, and Creep and Aradia call up their old teammate Kit in Seattle.

They offer some tips and info and Seattle updates, but most importantly warn specifically against working with Hype, as he has been ID’ed as one of the Dawkins Group agents responsible for the infiltration/brainwashing of many ShadChaps members in various cities where they operate. This also explains the rumors that Otters finds online that ShadChaps missions almost never target Horizon, and seem to originate at or benefit Horizon a bit more than other corps. Given that Hype has helped them out a lot and the ShadChaps do still overall seem to be beneficial to runners once established, the team decides to think on this all more, and thanks Kit for the updates.

Otters gets a call from Niki the Gardener offering another follow-up job for Vishala, and giving a small update on her initial search for info on Project: ANIMUS (not much yet). Otters also tips Fargus and Kit off about ANIMUS, and hears rumors of some kind of trashed lab in Portugal that might have been related from around when Johnny Silver died, and rumors of deeper memory alteration tech floating around. So some leads but nothing concrete. Otters gives Niki a big cash infusion to keep looking.

Aradia, feeling slightly paranoid, wants to dig a little bit first, so they look into Vishala on the boards, and also realize noone ever looked up Fidian, the target of the failed hit. So they look him up to. Sounds like he’s some kind of mid-tier MCT “special projects” guy, which could explain some of his skills and fuckery. However, no sightings of him since the hit, so that’s maybe good? He at least seems to have gone to ground. They also find that Vishala has a decent length history of operating in the Denver region as a shadow liaison, though she seems to bounce between corp and national employers, so not of fixed loyalty. High-paying but ruthless.

With this in mind, the team calls Niki back to ask for a little more info and finds that the run will be a snatch and grab against MCT. Since they have a bone to pick with the corp anyway, they figure this is a solid plan and agree to take it on, pending fee negotiations. Niki is thrilled, as Vishala specifically requested them for the task. They also get some further intel from Sol and others on where to start looking into GW’s background and plan to go on a little astral journey after the Niki job just in case anyone at MCT is thinking about revenge, given their recent and planned activities against the corp.

The Nexus of Revenge
5/13/2024, 2:20:18 PM
Runners
Creep
Otters aka Roadkill
Pepper Jack
Heat
Aradia

Otters manages to use Morticia to spot a cloaked street sam escaping the Front Range blimp crash after some gunfire inside the passenger compartment, and then flies her off before she can get spotted by the ZDF anti-smuggling drones and VTOL’s in the area. Unsure if the figure she saw will escape, the team calls it in to The Collector as a little bonus tip, and he thanks them for it. The rest of the team slips back to the safehouse from the stadium via public transit. TD decides to take advantage of some tub time while cleaning off their disguise and goes on an opium bender for a few days.

Heat and Creep confirm that all the headware that Creep was able to salvage isn’t broadcasting or in danger of exploding, and Heat takes a look. Worried about the decent security, they decide to hire Sam Hart to do the hacking, and Otters picks them up at the safehouse and heads out to Paradise Lost in the Warrens. They get the device over to Hart, and Heat helps her gain access. She hacks quite recklessly for the team’s taste, but seems skilled and they paid upfront, so what can you do. She salvages 2/3rds of the possible to recover info on the fried tech, and sets off a data bomb on the remaining 1/3rd, blithely slapping on a stimpatch to cope with the damage.

Meanwhile, the rest of the crew meets up with Aradia a few doors down at Trinket’s shop, who has just finished with her Order’s first initiatory meeting, and can now mask her aura, which she impresses PPJ with. With the important info that data packets were being sent from the blimp to an address in Centennial, the team races over there in the van while they analyze the rest of the data, and find that there is some largely incomprehensible fragmented data about experiments, including some stuff that Hart manages to salvage from the comms buffer, which didn’t get fully wiped from the last transmission.

Combined with Creep getting a look inside 2 of the blimps, and thinking about the 5 data points they have of places the blimps were located, they piece a little bit together- it seems like the blimps are posting up at areas with some sort of active or historical conflict (2 international borders, a metaracist clinic site, an AZT sleeper cell and secret reactor, and sports stadium), and seem to be both attempting to manipulate local mana energies and also to be somehow benefiting from or interacting with that manipulation as part of their experiments.

They seem aware of the potential Resonant side effects and to be noting them, but that doesn’t seem to be the primary focus of the experiments. Also, the two blimps Creep saw had subtly different set ups, so it seems likely they are running slightly different experiments, seeking different effects, or something else along those lines. They arrive at the address the transmission were being sent to, and find a small new-build office in the tech district engulfed in raging flames. Drones and spirits are keeping it from spreading nearby structures as a Fire spirit stands and watches approvingly.

Heat approaches the ZDF cordon and cons his way into talking to the lead onsite- an arson investigator, who quickly eliminates him as having started the blaze, but also seems very suspicious of him until she decides he seems to just be talking out of his ass. Heat is a little confused about what happened, until Aradia goes in to talk to the investigator and clears things up. Essentially, Heat’s con was based on an implausibility, since no bodies were recovered onsite (the Fire spirit seems to be emergency search and rescue for such occasions). Also, since Heat claimed to have only ever met in person, and to not have a commcode, and since everyone the investigator has found has only dealt with the building’s tenants via matrix, his story didn’t quite hold up. Luckily he played it off as if he was actually having an embarassing affair, so good save.

PPJ chats up the Fire spirit, who confirms that there is an illegal dig under the building, and Aradia gets approval from Peregrine to exchange some info, and tips the investigator to the blimp connection. She in turn tips the team to an illicit server farm in the illegal basement under the building, which was listed as a shared digital workspace site in development. The basement equipment had apparently tapped into matrix hardlines running under the street through the illegal basement, and when Heat takes a look in the matrix, he can see that the local infrastructure is wrecked from fire and digital damage, but he catches a glimpse of retreating vines- it seems that once again, the Null Sect is involved!

Worried about this development, but not wanting to fully tip their hand, Aradia tells the investigator to get some TM’s onsite to analyze the damage later and let them know if they find anything. While heading back to the safehouse they have a quiet conversation about the elevated risk involved in this new revelation, and also think back to some of what the NS got up to in Detroit and what they might be up to here. They also get a call from The Collector, who says that in return for their sharing of intel with him, he has some for them: the ork sam that Otters tagged with the HERF drone, who escaped across the OS border, got nabbed by Wildcast special forces, since his camo was glitching out.

He was apparently quite cooperative once they made clear they weren’t planning to kill or torture him, and gave a freelance merc ID, out of Hong Kong. He said he wasn’t sure if the other sam had the same instructions, but his contract was to take out the rigger, then the mage, then the other sam if any had survived and capture seemed likely. If escape was possibly that was preferable. He also confirms that they took mandatory Laës doses at the end of each workday when they purged the comms buffer and internals. He seems pretty blasé about it all, as he recalls the contract he signed, along with the hefty payday promised after, but can’t recall the hirer or details of their actual task.

The Wildcats took a thorough look with magic in exchange for setting the merc free, and confirmed that it was a deep and impressive mind-wipe, of a level beyond currently known tech. This sets the team off a bit, as it sounds similar to what happened to Otters, so Otters fills The Collector in a bit, and TC offers to look into it further, as his curiosity is also piqued. Otters tells him of the name “ANIMUS” that she heard, and he says it isn’t familiar but is a useful lead. They call in to Peregrine and arrange to meet in a secure booth downtown at Club Charybdis.

They link up, traveling across the swirling dance floor to a whirlpool booth, with good jamming and white noise. The team still insists on full matrix off for Peregrine and his bodyguards, which they do. The team then fills them in, and quickly has to reassure a stressed Peregrine that it doesn’t seem like the NS is setting up for another Detroit-style Blackout, but that they certainly could be building towards something. They give him the full debrief, including their surmises about the manavoltaic rods. He fills them in about some 4th World tech, including the Orichalcum Theran magical battery pillars that have been found in a few locations, most recently turning up in the failed dragon ritual under Boston a few years back.

So the team wonders if the NS or whoever they may be working with may be planning some sort of “magical blackout” and storing up magic ahead of time or figuring out how to manipulate and generate energy and or magical energy from increasing friction in both mana and meatspace. Regardless, Peregrine seems to consider this mission success, though he says they will likely work together again, as he doubt this is the end of it. He pays up, including the bonus for keeping it out of the news, which just covers the amount they paid Horizon to keep it out of the news.

The team heads back to the safehouse after some friendly drinks with Peregrine, and chills and rests up. They get a link to a secure Nexus meeting room on comms the next day, and most of them head in, finding Perri’s avatar and a somewhat glitchy e-ghost of Cap’n Kludge waiting for them. Kludge seems kind of out of it, so Perri leads the briefing, telling them that the Nexus has been able to determine who hired the hit squad that took out Kludge (this apparently overlapped with a matrix attack on the Nexus that they barely managed to fend off, and may have been part of what was distracting Kludge from watching for a physical threat).

They want the team to take this hirer, Fidian Serverson, out, but warn that he is likely to be hardened target. They give the team his location but say they’ll need to do further recon themselves. However, they confirm that they reached out through some mutual contacts and confirmed that this almost for sure isn’t GW making another move on the Nexus, and as he dislikes others making major power plays in his town, the Nexus should be able to keep the ZDF’s off the team’s back on this job so long as there’s no collateral damage or large explosions.

They head to the Hub to start scouting it out, while Heat starts doing some research on a side part of the job- there’s been some TM’s going missing, including some lower level Nexus members, but no word of experiments or snatch squads, so Perri worries this Serverson making some kind of additional move and want to find out what’s going on. PPJ rents a hotel room across the street from the target’s hotel, with a few to the front entrance, and Creep and Otters get a room on the floor below the target’s penthouse suite in the target’s hotel.

They do some scanning and investigating, including bringing Aradia in posing as a magical sex worker to do an astral scan, and she spots a reasonably strong ward, with a feature she’s never seen before: it seems to have a large roving eye on it’s surface, which seems to be looking for interlopers. She avoids getting spotted, and pretending to be freaked out calls it in to building security, who confirm that the penthouse gets to do it’s own security at the guest’s discretion, and confirming that the current tenant has done so. So the team shouldn’t have to deal with hotel security if they keep the fight out of the rest of the hotel.

Heat explores social options of approach, chatting up waiters, concierges, and bartenders in the lower levels of the hotel. The target seems to get room service brought up and dishes brought back down via the single private elevator to the suite, but hotel security, and never has guests or leaves the suite. So lacking other good ways in and assuming there will be defenses or traps in the foyer outside the elevator, they decide to breach in throw the ceiling of their room and surprise assault.

First though, Heat has some leads on the missing TM’s- something about “Followers of the Ancient Way”. Following up some more leads, Heat spots that among the missing is ViralVixen, the young TM who was coerced into giving the kill squad access to Kludge. Wondering what went down there, Heat calls Cat, a little suspicious, and gets intel that Cat passed VV along to an old contact named SilveryK, a former Nexus admin who said she could put VV to work in a way that apparently felt appropriately redemptive to be tempting. Cat passes along a message to SilveryK, who has really dropped off the radar, publicly. However, some of the team recognize the name- she was the admin who originally negotiated peace between GW and the Nexus upon GW’s emergence in the 2060’s. However, she’s been missing since GW turned on the Nexus a few years back.

She calls Heat back, and says she goes by “Prophetess” now. She invites him to come see what they’re up to, and promises he can leave after if he doesn’t wish to join, though she insists he come alone without knowing where he’s going, as she doesn’t trust outsider, especially given the past activities of some on his team. Otters is concerned that anyone else knows about “that”, but Heat agrees to go along with it, though he is spooked, and makes the team promise to follow him and make sure he doesn’t disappear. PPJ stays behind to keep an on the hotel (which he considers the real job) telling Heat it was nice knowing him.

The next day, Heat gets a message with a pickup intersection and heads over, with Otters, Creep and Aradia stealthily trying to follow in the van. Unfortunately someone spots them and disables them with a massive Opium Den spell (TD is mad they stayed in the tub and missed it), and manages to clean up the astral sufficiently before they come to that Aradia can’t magically track the caster. Also, Heat is gone and not showing up on the TacNet.

Heat has been blind-folded, bundled into a Faraday’ed caged VTOL, and flown off. He has no idea where he is, but emerges in a battle-scarred ruin, possibly underground, with a bunch of TM’s wearing comfortable clothes seemingly working on clearing, cleaning and rebuilding. He is greeted by an older woman who introduces herself as Prophetess, and says she’ll give Heat a minute, which he quickly needs, as he detectds the cleanest, most stable Resonance Well he’s ever seen. Even his initial skepticism of this “cult” fades as he can’t find any trace of Dissonance or deceit- just pure, clean, powerful Resonance energy.

He doesn’t want to risk diving or trying to sneak a message out, and converses with Prophetess for a bit- she asks him to join the Temple of the Old Way, and though he is a bit tempted, he says he wants to think about it, and she says she won’t force him. He asks after their mission, and she says she must be a bit vague if he won’t join, but confirms that they have a powerful patron (“the Prophet of the Seed”) who ensures their safety and protection in return for them protecting his digital assets and ensuring their security. She says they will go more public once they finish rebuilding the Temple, and learn more secrets of “the Seed”, which perks up Heat’s interest further.

Heat asks to leave and is freely allowed to, with a mask in a VTOL again. ViralVixen sees him out, and confirms that she wants to be here, asking Heat why he’d want to keep risking his life out on the streets when he could be safe and nurtured here, with powerful Resonance stable and available at his fingertips. Once again slightly tempted, Heat still leaves. He gets dropped off near where he was picked up, still with no idea where he was, and reports in. The team pieces together that he was likely at one of the old abandoned Nexus sites, as they had heard rumors of a stable Resonance Well that Nexus TM’s called “the Temple”.

Calling it into Perri, she confirms that this may be the old Nexus Alpha site, and that the patron is almost surely GW, so the team is reassured that at least the target of their planned hit doesn’t have a massive TM force at his beck and call. Perri seems to consider the bonus part of the job done for now, and pays the extra fee as promised. The team stocks up on explosives and the like, and pays Silver Streak to smuggle their illicit gear into the Hub again. They set up on the 9th floor, with PPJ locking himself in the bathroom and going astral. Otters picks up a new stealth VTOL from Dracula, and Heat buys a squirrel suit to match Creep’s.

Aradia uses a new spell to cast a silence bubble over the ceiling, as Otters crashes a cheap rigged drone into the outside of the building, causing a large stunt explosion that’s visually impressive but not damaging. Creep blows the ceiling, which goes to plan, dropping the ceiling while the distraction explosion outside explains any errant noise or rumbling. The team is surprised as 2 stony-skinned large gargoyle-like entities crash through into the room where the team is waiting to breach, and everyone prepares to fight!

Blimp Heist
5/6/2024, 8:13:17 PM
Runners
Creep
The Detective
Otters aka Roadkill
Pepper Jack
Heat
Aradia

With Creep and PPJ joining the team onsite via remote control ride on Heat’s moto, Creep swaps out with Aradia, taking over the invisibility and levitation spells, and slowly ascending, with Otters racing Heat (in the VTOL) and the HERF roto-drone up to match at the last minute. Unfortunately, they seem to have a mage aboard who spots Creep, and Aradia is unable to move him fast enough to get him out of the way before he is KO’ed by 2 shots from rifles that deploy from firing ports in the blimp sides.

As Otters gets the drones in position and Heat opens it up to approach the door, some spirits start manifesting and attack- an Earth spirit crowds in with Heat and attacks him, trying to engulf him, while Heat frantically quick draws and fires his sidearm at it. Luckily it’s hard to miss at least! Two air spirits also attack the VTOL, which Otters frantically flips and rolls out of the way. Otters opens fire on the blimp with Stick’n’Shock, and seems to glitch out it electrics.

She also manages to take out the two air spirits as Heat takes out the Earth spirit. Unfortunately, the final spirit, a fire spirit, manifests in the van and quickly takes out Otters, who flatlines while Aradia frantically tries to safely bring Creep back down and also heal Otters from both drone damage and spirit attack. PPJ buffs up, jumps in the astral and disrupts the fire spirit, watching for more magical threats. The team is horrified as the opposition uses this chance and nearly destroys the van, and Aradia races Creep back up to magnet to the blimp after a stimpatch gets him back up.

Heat uses a grenade to blow a hole in the side of the blimp, which is descending faster, especially after the blimp gunners shoot out their tether cable (across the border) which seemingly forces the ZDF sniper team’s hands, who open fire on the blimp’s gas envelopes, broadcasting an announcement about an anti-smuggling action. Creep crawls in the hole, gets a quick look inside, shoots at one of the gunners, and then is quickly KO’ed again and kicked out of the side of the blimp.

Heat quickly dives after him, after the gunners also destroy the VTOL in midair (with Otters still out). Heat dives for Creep, firing a desperate final grenade into the blimp. The two sams jump free and everyone is free faaaaaalling. Otters, finally awake again via Aradia and PPJ’s ministrations, manages to fry the electronics on one of the sams with the HERF drone, and as the ork flails and fall, his team-mate frags him with a grenade as he wingsuits away across the border, though Otters manages to tag him with the HERF just before he crosses, messing up his active camo.

Heat really focuses and manages to deduce some sky-diving from first principles, and slams into Creep, catching hold of him and managing to barely hang on as Creep’s chute auto-deploys. Heat rotates to take the hit as they land, as Creep is nearly dead, and Otters scoops them up in the van. The ZDF tells them to clear the area, seemingly non-plussed as to how well their plan went off. The team heads back to the safehouse, with Heat really wanting to race off and seek out the other blimps before they can move or change security, but the team needs to rest.

PPJ and Creep almost get in another fight, halted by Creep passing out again from stimpatch comedown. They decide to call it a night and rest up, though Heat does some research as he can’t sleep. Reviewing the footage Creep got inside the blimp, he sees a rigger (unconscious or dead, likely from biofeedback), a mage (seemingly killed in the grenade and/or crash) and the two street sam gunners. There’s also a ton of weird electrical equipment, and some slots that look like they could hold manavoltaic rods, which are missing. There’s also what looks like a modded version of the SpriteLok boxes they saw in Detroit.

When everyone else wakes up, they take a look as well, and Creep confirms this looks like almost an electrical substation worth of equipment, but with some weird manatech components he can’t quite ID. PPJ goes off to astrally scout the blimp in Front Range, and finds a busy Uni campus, a mana-shielded blimp hovering overheard, plugged into some more large equipment that he doesn’t recognize when he briefly manifests. Returning to his bod, he describes it to Creep and the others, who confirm is it more electrical stuff- as a research campus, they probably have major power needs, and also are in a relatively isolated area. Otters and Heat also piece together that there is an old smuggler layover with a power and recharging tap into the Oceti Sakowin grid, which seems to be where the blimp near the border was tethered.

So all the blimps seem to be hooking up to “secret” or high-powered but isolated electrical systems, that are likely not under Shiawase’s control yet, as they slowly move to take over the grid. Otters also spots that the gear that the blimp crew was using is a combo of MCT and Renraku stuff, all recent model years and good quality, but fairly anonymized by virtue of wide use. PPJ also says the mage was similarly anonymous- classic Hermetic style, generic elemental spirits, little to distinguish. Aradia splits off to do her initiation with her order. The rest of the team heads over to Front Range, and finds a ZDF interdiction in place, with a “shelter in place” order on campus.

Heat approaches, fast talks past the guard trying to brush him off, and then manages to socially over-power the onsite negotiator, even after they recognize the team as the crew from the previous day, when they kinda blew it and nearly contributed to an international incident. Good thing Heat is good at this stuff! They agree to let the team take a shot at getting aboard, after Heat promises no explosion or crashes on campus. Unfortunately, the team hadn’t been counting on the ZDF to go along with this, so Creep had already snuck onto site and started scaling the invisible tether.

He quickly gets spotted by the blimp crew again once he’s ascended above any nearby objects, and he gets shot again before retreating. The blimp shoots off it’s tether again and flees, with ZDF spirits giving chase, quickly learning to attack from above, while ZDF gunners target enemy spirits that emerge before they switch to astral. Otters sends Morticia to stealthily follow and try to get any intel at all. The rest of the team takes public transit into the Hub, and finds that the 3rd blimp has already crashed in the big sports stadium. Thinking quickly, PPJ does some obnoxious distraction while Creep scouts it out and TD and Heat get into disguise and Heat does some digital forgery.

Posing as insurance adjusters, Heat and TD bluff their way in, agreeing to ZDF escort as long as they can assess the damage. They carefully use these distractions to pull ZDF guards and spirits away from Creep as he sneaks into the crashed blimp and looks around- similar, though subtly different, to the other one. Unfortunately fully powered down either intentionally or from the crash, so nowhere good to place a data tap, so he just cuts the head off the rigger and takes it out with him. He hides in a dumpster and scrapes as much flesh and bone as he can off the headware, which is looking gnarly but at least not a full head to carry back to the safehouse on the train.

TD and Heat manage to make their exit, but burn the SINs they used. PPJ just leaves after running out of conversation, he was also providing useful tips to Heat about how to talk to some of the ZDF spirits about manasphere stuff. Otters remains out in Front Range watching via Morticia as the ZDF spirits bring down the blimp short of the PCC border, and sees some large border patrol VTOL’s approaching. The team call The Collector to ask if this is a PCC/NAN opp, which he says it isn’t, as far as he knows, but he appreciates the intel.

Blackouts and Blimps
4/30/2024, 12:53:34 PM
Runners
The Detective
Otters aka Roadkill
Heat
Aradia

After some quick discussion, the team agrees to meet up with Peregrine and talk about looking into some strange blackouts which occurred the previous night. He tells them to meet him at a Hub club, and although everything on the way to the Hub seems to be powered and working, there’s a stressed out mood in the air as rumors spread. Aradia makes some calls, and gets ahold of some contacts in the Warrens who report that they’re on backup generators as the power is still out there. She also makes plans to initiate soon with members of her new Order. PPJ is still sorting through some feelings and figuring out his new “ronin” identity, so plans to sit this one out, not having the same traumatic Blackout response as some of the Detroit survivors. Creep goes the opposite route and stays behind to hide in a couch and fortify the safehouse.

Otters, taking precautions, stocks up on batteries on the way, finding the shelves a bit depleted as paranoia spreads. They find Peregrine waiting at the club, concealed in a booth inside an AR/trid whirlpool, while the stressed out owner berates staff about their “Blackout plan” in case things gets worse. It’s early enough in the day that there aren’t many patrons, and Otters hangs back to keep an eye out for trouble, clocking most of the club’s attendees as plain clothes security (whether for Peregrine or the club). Peregrine explains he’s been scratching the itch to travel since Detroit but has been in and out of Denver, amongst other places, and that he wants to know the who/what/why/how of the current blackouts and end them or prevent more from happening. Otter is still unable to figure out what exactly feels mysterious about Peregrine, or what it means.

The team agrees, and Heat as usual over-performs on negotiation, which Peregrine seems to find charming. He offers a bonus if they can keep whatever they uncover out of the news, and explains that he has word that there will be other teams also looking into this (unsurprisingly) so the team doesn’t have full informational control. He gives them two sites that seem good to start investigating, where there are still ongoing effects. They head back to the safehouse and load the van up with drones and mission gear, and head out, with Heat taking his newly tricked out moto (having finally let Otters remote drive it to her mechanic for some essential stealth upgrades).

They head to Archer Heights first- reviewing the team file, they find that this is the metaracist district in which the genocidal Paladin Health Clinic was based, before the old team helped shut that down. The medical facility has since been taken over by Catholic Hospitallers, who still run outreach into the Warrens, and a lot of the “official” Warrens services are provided through pipelines running through this district. They have an uncomfortable moment glancing around the van and seeing that the whole crew on this job is human, and realizing they can probably just blend in amongst the bigots, if they go along a bit. They plan to leave Otters in the van given her lack of skill at deception.

Upon entering, they see that the whole gated community is blacked out still, which locals are using as an excuse to grill out, with kids running around eating melting ice cream. Very Rockwell’s “America”. Aradia notices something is deeply weird and off with local mana space but can’t quite make sense of it, and given many human supremacists aversion to magic as well, doesn’t want to ask around about it here. She instead makes general conversation with a larger group of locals, pretending to be interested in moving to the area given its “unique culture”. She hams it up, going along with assorted levels of bonkers conspiracy theories about what causes the Blackouts (dragons, immortal Elves, aliens, and other more obscure options all being popular).

She does however get some intel about a blimp that was parked, hovering, near the Paladin clinic complex, that noone has seen this morning. It seems like it was lightly camouflaged, so Otters can’t fully determine which model and what mods are on it but narrows it down a bit. Aradia also spots a tiny, barely visible, stealth-coated cable in a high quality image a local teen snapped of it yesterday, and which none of the locals seem to have noticed. Heat has split off on his bike, and follows the cable in the image to a closed and barricaded side entrance to the hospital complex, and after digging around for a bit, finds a snapped tether cable, which looks to have some different filaments running through the center of unusually thick insulation. It also is still running into a freshly bored hole in the side of hospital next to the closed entrance.

Heat heads around front and fails to talk his way in from the main entrance, foiled by some elderly Catholics befuddlement at what he wants. Otters and the rest of the team arrive at the side entrance, stealthily, and continue investigating. Aradia is able to tell that one of the filaments in the cable is Orichalcum, and that this area is the center of the mana ebb she’s been feeling, though it doesn’t help her identify the other odd astral sensations. Otters slips some drones in through the cable hole, and they spot a freight elevator, follow the shaft down, and find one set of doors at the bottom propped slightly open by the thick cable running inside. Following it in, the drones spot what looks like a ruggedized commlink case bolted to a larger power grid panel- it seems this is the control room for the utilities running from this district into the Warrens.

Heat comes back around the side and touches the cable end, using it to hack into the device it is connected to in the basement, and sees that it’s just an off the shelf hardened comm anyone could buy for some off-road/back country style expedition, from an outdoors store. So no good clues there. But it is only running a single program and only has default defenses, so he hacks in. He barely manages to get a copy of the program before the device reboots and wipes itself to factory settings, having detected his intrusion. Analyzing the program, he sees that it seems to be a legal but ultra-specialty program for managing power grids/massive energy flows, and seems to have been left set in a “throttle” setting whenever the cable was cut or torn.

As he reports this, the team sees lights and power start to return in both the Warrens and Archer Heights, and make their way out of the district before anyone can ask any questions, heading for the second site to the south, in Co Springs. Arriving, they find a donut area of power outage, though when asking around, it seems like this was a power surge that blow out a bunch of overloaded small devices and transformers, rather than a lack. the center of the donut is a private school complex the this small, exclusive, primarily working class neighborhood is centered around. The school’s power is still on, so that seems like a good place to start looking, especially after a bunch of locals reports that some others were already asking around and headed there, and that there was until yesterday a blimp hovering over the school sports field, providing trid broadcasts, scores, replays and the like in exchange for a spot to tie up “for repairs”.

Noone seems to know whose blimp it was, who was doing the repairs, or who made the deal in the first place, it was a nice feature for a week and now it’s gone. The team heads over the school and drone scouts the area, finding that it’s empty (it being a sunday) other than maintenance staff. However, the maintenance seem unusually well-deployed, though not armed or cybered-up. They also don’t seem magical, though Aradia spots an artfully cast “eyes of the pack” spell on all of them. They eventually ID two plain-clothes people who do have some ‘ware, who seem to be in charge, and doing some matrix recon, Heat spots that they all seem to be rocking AZT brand gear, rare in these parts, given GW’s violent antipathy. Heat also sees there’s some sort of unusual local Resonance effect which seems to have attracted some Sprites and other e-life to the area.

Aradia reports that the magic is weird again, with some similar unidentifiable sensations, but with the opposite effect- this appears to be an area of strong mana flow, and Aradia reports that spellcasting might be a little wild or overcharged. She also calls Simonetta Chandra to ask about AZT opps in the area, trying to avoid an unnecessary fight. Chandra tries to stay dominant but Aradia decides enough is enough and lays it on thick with the intimidation, which Chandra seems to find perversely pleasing. She makes some calls, and tells the team to head in- their operatives on site have been told to cooperate, so long as the team also shares what they know. Aradia is able to big dog hard enough to leave those parameters somewhat loose.

They head in and meet the AZT plain clothes team, who show them where the cable was tethered, and some of the sharp-eyed team members spot a carefully patched hole that looks to have been recently drilled through the concrete floor and then repaired. They ask to see the basement, and the AZT guys insist on calling it in again, and then after it is approved, make the team give them some info and assurances first. Then they bring them downstairs, where they find the other two AZT plainclothes operatives- a techie working on some panels in a large control room behind a (formerly) hidden door in the otherwise normal school basement, and a mage named Aguilar who introduces himself as team lead. Aradia sees that a bloody mirror image spirit of him seems to be the entity maintaining the spell outside, and recognizes it as a fairly powerful blood spirit.

Otters is quickly able to tell from the control room that they are likely sitting on top of a secret, small nuclear reactor, and Aguilar confirms that AZT has left some various surprises around town after having been forced to “pull out”. Otters starts looking around with TD, and they find on the back of the power flow control panel where another one of the ruggedized commlinks was bolted on, though it’s gone now- this extraction seems to have gone a lot smoother. Aguilar is dissatisfied with the amount of info the team is sharing with his team, feeling they aren’t holding up their end, and tries to pry further, including having his blood spirit attempt some magical interference. Heat manages to shrug it off as Aradia defensively counterspells for the team jic. They also teamwork intimidate about the major AZT secret they now know and how it would be unwise to further start stuff with them. Aradia gets a hard look from Aguilar in response but he seems to have orders from above and lets them go.

To make a peace offering, they send a little data packet on some of what they uncovered in Archer Heights to Chandra, who seems perfectly happy with how everything went and warns Aradia she’s made an enemy out of Aguilar, texting some popcorn emojis as well. Reviewing what they know, the team starts to wonder if that shipment of manavoltaic rods they intercepted was either used in this experiment (or whatever it is), or if they were meant to be and that was part of why the two areas had such different results. Regardless, they got much better images of the blimp this time from the AZT team, and Otters is able to ID it, give them a rough idea of crew complement., and spot some mods. They head back to the safehouse to rest after a long day, and Otters sends Morticia out to stealthily fly around looking for more of the blimps, since with their best guess of timeline there must be at least two.

Heat wakes up the next day and spends much of the morning on deep matrix research, scanning MeFeeds and messageboards for any trace of blimps as well. Between him and Morticia, they locate three- one out near a DU Research Campus in Front Range, one out on the Oceti Sakowin border in Brighton, and one hovering over one of the main stadiums downtown, providing much boosted entertainment to the masses. They decide to go after the rural one first, and head towards the border. Doing some scouting as they close in, they spot a ZDF sniper/observation team watching the blimp, which is tethered juuuuuust barely on the Denver side. They spot some Wildcat teams on the opposite side of the border, similarly concealed and observing. Morticia is able to spot another stealthed cable running down to the OS side of the the border, though it’s unclear if either side’s forces are aware.

As they watch, some kileg lights along the border flicker and go out, before powering back on to the hum of some generators, so they decide they better do something before an international incident kicks off. Aradia manifest near the ZDF team and announces herself, which startles them though they play it off well. She says she has a team on hand who is going to deal with the blimp, allowing the ZDF some plausible deniability without them having to take action this near the border, and after sending out a comms relay drone and running Aradia’s street name and cred, they agree surprisingly quickly. Aradia heads back to the van, and they decide against trying to contact the Wildcats, hoping they can keep everything on this side of the border. They prepare their assault, with Aradia levitating invisibly and Heat loading into a fully stealthed VTOL to make their approach, while Otters and TD provide support from the van.

Next up: blimp heist!

Pro Gear Pro Attitude
4/22/2024, 11:14:03 AM
Runners
Creep
The Detective
Otters aka Roadkill
Pepper Jack
Heat
Aradia

The team races over to Centennial, taking a quick assessment of if they need any further gear en route. PPJ hops in the VTOL and Otters zips him and a slightly slower Morticia over to the lab site. On arrival, PPJ is able to spot the mana barrier and guards in place as promised by Niki the Gardener, with Heat confirming, and getting the team MARKs on the system as well as getting their offsite contract mage to add them to the approved list for the mana barrier. PPJ also spots someone messing around with a side door, but can’t see them in physical space via drone sensors.

The drone then comes under attack in the matrix, and Heat leaps to remote defense, tracing the Resonance Spike back towards a group of 3 runner types hiding nearby. Heat attacks their TM, who then pulls the whole opps team offline given Heat’s intense assault. Morticia arrives on scene just in time to spot evidence of that opps team slipping in through the bypassed side door under cover of an illusion. She also hears some music approaching- seemingly two sources blasting the opening strains of “Ride of the Valkyries”. Otters sends her higher up to try to spot the potential second incoming threat, as the van arrives on scene.

Meanwhile, PPJ has tried to blast the stealthy opps team with a Manaball, but unfortunately overcasts it, causing a rift to tear open, which seems to divert his spell, emitting 4 strange monkeys. Otters, through VTOL sensors, says these aren’t earth monkeys, and rolls the VTOL to try to throw them off, partially succeeding, and also dodging some SNS fire from the stealthy team as they slip past, causing her to pull the VTOL back to safety. Unfortunately, one of the monkeys manages to magically compel PPJ to hand over his helmet, after which they all depart back through their rift, with it snapping closed behind them.

Creep hops out and follows the stealthy opps team in, with PPJ getting dropped out of the VTOL and following. Otters parks the van just outside the door and pops thermal smoke to get some cover, as well as firing up a jamming field with some dedicated channels for team comms and deploying the HMG. Heat instructs the guards inside about the intrusion of the side door team, and then reboots the system to clear any hacks in place, though this also shuts down the guards’ comms and biomonitors.

Morticia spots the sound source- two vans (looking like classic rigger vehicles) with multiple heat sources inside, racing towards the lab. The music seems to be coming from inside. Aradia steps in to add some confusion, and makes a large scale illusion out front of a ZDF patrol setting up a defensive perimeter. Creep and PPJ, inside, keep hearing the sound of SNS ammo and taser fire from ahead, seemingly the opps team working their way through the guards, though they notice that the guards are all KO’ed rather than killed. Creep switches to non-lethal in response and tells PPJ to do the same.

Outside, the two vans come into visibility, and Moriticia and Heat team up to get Otters a targeting solution so she can effectively blind fire from inside the smoke cloud. Aradia casts another spell, a large sense of Foreboding, in the van’s path. The van’s race forward, sending out two roto drones which open fire on the illusory cops with Ex-Ex. They also start deploying long boarding ramps from their roofs, via an opened top hatch. However, they both suddenly brake when they hit the Foreboding area, causing the two motorcycle riders who are launching themselves up the ramps, firing grenades as they go, to somewhat botch their angle of approach.

They do blow out the windows on the second floor and crash through them, but seem to trash their bikes in the process, and Heat manages to take their launchers offline JIC. Otters takes out the two roto-drones with remote targeted HMG bursts, and opens up on one of the vans. Between that and the spell effects, the vans retreat, abandoning their moto-riding teammates. Meanwhile, Creep and PPJ have finally caught up to the stealthy team, having found 6 KO’ed guards on the way, and spot a number of taser darts in the other team’s armor.

Creep nails one of them (probably the hacker?), sending them sprawling, after which the street same takes a cover position over their injured teammate and suppresses the stairwell door where PPJ and Creep are taking cover, Creep gets tagged and injured by SNS. PPJ decides to go lethal, ignoring Creep’s requests not to escalate, and launches a mana ball at the opps team- this does distract their mage from trying to get through the high force mana barrier, which they seem to be having some trouble with as it is stronger than they were told (from what Creep can overhear). The mage manages to counter some of the force of PPJ’s spell, but it does go off and does some damage, after which the mage shouts to their team that PPJ is trying to kill them and the other team also escalates to lethal.

The moto pair also charge down the hallway, opening fire into the staircase, but Creep and PPJ manage to dodge into cover, and are then forced to run for it as a number of grenades come flying in from the stealthy team. Creep dashes back down the stairs, where he links up with the Mule that Otters finally sends in, while PPJ charges forward, towards the moto team. Aradia and Heat levitate up to the blown open second floor windows and enter there, with Heat sneaking around the opposite side to the moto team and Aradia sneaking up to help PPJ.

With the system finally rebooted and cleared, Heat orders the guards at the front entrance to reinforced them, and they race up the elevator, and are then all KO’ed by some placed flashbang grenades set up in a shaped charge trap. The stealthy team calls a retreat, and races for the elevator, chucking some grenades towards the corner again to cover their retreat against the two other teams- with how the grenades bounce and how everyone tries to flee, PPJ ends up entangled with the two moto goons, as they ran into him when he tried to blast them with a fire grenade. They all get caught in the explosion, but luckily PPJ is on the bottom of the pile, so although his armor is shredded and he is nearly killed he does survive.

Heat gets a stealthy tracking dart shot off on the opps team leaving in the elevator, though one of them seems to notice. They head out the side door, with Heat telling the guards to hang back, and Otters backing the van off and broadcasting a “good game!” message towards the door. They momentarily panic and pause when they emerge into smoke cloud and comms signal, but then continue exiting. Heat tracks them til around a block away and then loses signal, but Aradia has confirmed that the mana barrier hasn’t been pierced so should be all good.

Creep goes over to help PPJ up and executes one of the two incapacitated moto goons, and Aradia (accidentally) tortures the other one to death with an Agony spell, which he seems to have been in a bad enough state to succumb to the illusory damage caused. Heat scrapes their commlinks and finds that they were brought in for the job from out of town by the riggers, who Otters ID’s as being a pair that always work in tandem who go by Agatha and Christie. The moto goons were given code names for the job, but seem like classic pink mohawk types.

Heat thinks the other team is a pro local crew, and plans to reach out to them later, especially after he finds they left an RFID message by the door in response to Otters’ broadcast. They find that 4 of the guards have been killed (KO’ed and then caught in grenade blasts and crossfire) but the others all survived, TD gets the remaining guards moving to start waking people up, patching holes, packing bodies, and getting the facility resecured. One of the guards tells TD that cremation benefits are included in the job, so they stack the dead alongside the building, and a branded morgue van quickly arrives for pickup.

Heat calls Niki and reports in on the job, she tells them to hang tight and they’ll be by shortly to get everything back up and running. A limo pulls up out front shortly thereafter, and Niki and Vishala step out. PPJ, badly wounded and looking rough, casts an illusion to make himself appear clean and fresh, but Vishala seems to see right through him and he wilts a bit. Otters tries to subtly help pull other people’s bone fragments out of his face. Heat has better luck, lightly flirting with Vishala, though he fails to convince her to hang out.

However, she seems thrilled with the results, as is Niki, and the team gets paid, with an offer of an optional bonus if they can find out who hired the opps team(s). The team packs up and departs, with Otters pausing to pass some of her pay back to Niki, asking her to look into “Project: ANIMUS” on her behalf, and telling her to be careful while doing so. Back at the safehouse, Creep lays into PPJ for switching to lethal, as it put Creep in more danger without his consent. TD intervenes to dig deeper on Creep’s feelings and also on the efficacy of some of his proposed esoteric punishments.

PPJ defends his actions, in that he only has lethal area effect spells and he needed to get the mage distracted from bypassing the barrier, and it worked. Heat and Otters jump in on the side of professionalism. They all debate for a while, and Aradia does some forum research, finding a variety of different popular “runner codes” which seem to all lend support to the various different arguments being offered, though it seems that the team gets through, a bit, in terms of potential reputational costs, but PPJ doesn’t seem to have the same respect for other runners (over guards/corpos) and their social scene (such as it is) as Heat does, for whom it is a more going concern.

Regardless, they find a few points of agreement and plenty of points of disagreement before everyone abandons it for now, deciding against any new team norms for the time being. Heat tracks down the opps team TM, Sidle, and messages her requesting a meet. She proposes a neutral forum room in the Nexus, and Heat agrees. Perri is still laying low/off comms after Kludge’s death so he can’t easily check her rep. They meet up, and Heat smoothly offers some pay and a future favor in exchange for info on their Johnson, after they bond over how chaotic and egotistical mages can be.

Sidle says she would usually never do this, but Heat’s team seems pretty pro and like a good connection, and the Johnson seems to have been engaged in some general fuckery, so she shares their research on him. Reviewing the data, it seems like the Johnson was posing as an MCT fixer, but may have actually been an operative for the secretive “Asintmah Alliance”, though that is marked as unconfirmed. This team also got intel that the Johnson had hired a second team as well, which is why they went in fast and a little early compated to Niki’s tipoff.

A few people on the team also take a look at the pic of the Johnson provided, and confirm that it may by the man they met as “The Guide”, in disguise as a Japanophile corpo. Or maybe The Guide was the disguise? Tbd. They also research the Asintmah Alliance a bit, and don’t find much- seems like a very secretive and well-funded group, trying to disrupt intersections of tech and magic. Their operatives apparently all use old school devices which are hard to interface with and made of intentionally overprocessed materials to be hard to magically interact with. Other than that, not much is known it seems, though the group seems fairly new.

They pass this info on to Niki after deciding they don’t own any particular loyalty to The Guide as of now, and get some bonus pay. Resting up and patching up armor (only Creep and PPJ really took any damage), they awake to some disturbing news- there were some odd rolling blackouts overnight, and given recent events in the UCAS, people are concerned! They quickly get a call from their old Detroit contact Peregrine, asking if they’re up for some work and willing to look into these blackouts on his behalf- he wants to get ahead of it if it’s happening again. Otters races to the stores to buy batteries right away while the team debates getting involved.

Road Trip with Spiders
4/15/2024, 2:40:22 PM
Runners
Creep
The Detective
Otters aka Roadkill
Pepper Jack
Heat
Aradia

Heat and PPJ join up with the crew at Horst Trot Ranch, having acquired their necessary mission gear, and they get on the road, briefing them as they go. Using their research from the morning post-meeting with Mr. K they come up with a plan and Otters drives them quickly but carefully up to I-90, avoiding any trouble on the way. Mr. K’s border passes and job SINs all seem to work well as needed. They drop Aradia off one exit short of their planned ambush location, wanting to intercept the Blood Mountain Boys en route before they meet up with the better equipped Koshari syndicate.

They pull up the ambush site, and Otters gets Morticia airborne to watch for the convoy, while she and Creep bury some EMP charges in a grid along the frontage road. Heat pulls up on his moto and stashes it behind the ruined service station, hiding there as well. PPJ clambers up on the roof and conceals himself. Otters pulls the van into the ruined car wash/service bay and blends it in, with TD also staying inside. Creep hides out inside the wrecked doorway of the service station.

Once Morticia spots the combo a little down 90, Aradia casts a massive illusion with the assistance of a summoned air spirit, and some spectral buffalo block traffic on the highway, fooling all the sensors on the autohaulers and GridGuide-d family vehicles, bringing traffic to a stop. Aradia conceals herself while doing so, and noone seems to notice her as the source. With the traffic backup, Morticia spots the BMB convoy (two up armored offroad trucks) pulling off on the desired exit.

Waiting til the BMB trucks are right in the ideal spot, Otters triggers the EMPs, shorting the front truck badly and damaging the back one. Otters, Heat, Creep and PPJ all open up on the trucks with a combo of HERF guns, EMPs, and stick and shock ammo, wrecking the first truck as the second one pulls behind it for cover and pops a bunch of thermal smoke grenades. Heat is able to hear stuff moving in the smoke cloud, and is prepared as the second truck races out of the smoke cover, making a run for it after sounding like it loaded up some additional personnel and cargo.

They manage to disable that truck as well, a little further down the road, though Creep and Otters (in the van) come under fire from 2 smugglers left behind at the first truck. Heat and Creep manage to drop those two with non-lethal ammo, and everyone focuses on the front truck. As PPJ does some astral scouting, the team approaches, and Aradia drops her illusion and gets some speed increase to head towards the team on foot. With some skilled social manipulation from TD and Heat, they manage to convince the smugglers that they are out-numbered and to reluctantly accept some pay to leave with their injured friends and stop fighting.

As the smugglers cautiously retreat, the team keep a careful eye on them, as they refused to throw down their weapons. Creep spots that something weird is up with PPJ’s body while he is projecting, via an alert on the TacNET, and PPJ quickly reports in via manifestation that he can’t find his body! Heat heads up to his last known position and also can’t find him, but sees some signs of movement, so digs around a bit. He finds a flip-up piece of plywood and gets attacked by a large spider underneath just as Otters uses the TacNET to ID the toxin that is effecting PPJ as an awakened trap spider paralytic.

Heat fires on the spider, his armor having protected him from the paralytic darts it launches, and tries to get into the tunnel it retreats down below the service station, but gets comically stuck. PPJ zooms past in astral form, and finds a pregnant spider slowly digesting his body, having eating through his armor, and according to Otters prepping him as a host for her clutch. There are some other spiders around as well, including the one that just fled Heat. PPJ manifests and yells this info up to Heat, but everyone is horrified to see him start to dissolve on the TacNET.

Morticia notifies the team that the smugglers are flagging down traffic on the highway, so they know they need to get moving ASAP. Creep runs around looking for other ways in as Otters uses the van arm to yank Heat out of the tunnel he got stuck in, having loaded up the 3 crates from the smuggler truck with the arm and assistance from Aradia and Creep. Creep finds an access hatch, and cranks it open, slicing up his hands on the rusted handle. He and TD drop in, and open fire on the spiders, sending them fleeing. They free PPJ’s body as quickly and carefully as they can, as it is partially dissolved and badly damaged.

PPJ is reluctant to go back in, seeing the damage and not wanting to feel it, so Otters hooks his bod up to the Valkyrie Module to make sure he’s KO’ed, and PPJ dives back in, having the unique experience of instantly losing consciousness as he does so. Otters and Heat race off on back roads as planned before the BMB can call is assistance, and then slip back onto the main highways a little ways away, with Otters changing the van’s ID and looks, while Heat hopes noone spotted his moto since he doesn’t have any stealth or subterfuge tech on it.

They get back to the FRFZ border with no trouble, but get stopped for further investigation there. Luckily, Aradia and Heat both manage to talk their way through with no real trouble, and they link back up at Horst Trot Ranch, passing the 3 still sealed crates off to Mr. K for their (low) pay, as he studiously avoids Heat’s attempts to ask for more money. However, he tells them they have the cabin for a few more days, so they rest and heal there, and PPJ orders fresh armor for a merc supplier in town, patching in the few bits that Otters was able to salvage from his previous melted suit. He also upgrades his cowboy look to a cooler outfit, and still keeps referring to himself as a “ronin” making everyone a little uncomfortable.

After they are appropriately rested, they head back to the safehouse, and shortly get a call for an emergency job from Niki the Gardener- the lab where Vishala has been analyzing their data from their last two recon jobs for her is coming under attack! They need the team to come defend them ASAP, and Niki admits she’s over a barrel, so Heat gets a good payday for it. They start driving over while they try to do some quick research on the location and who their opposition might be….

Trouble at Home
4/8/2024, 11:00:26 AM
Runners
Creep
The Detective
Otters aka Roadkill
Aradia

While the rest of the team was off on the Metaplanes, Aradia got the group together to establish the Order of the Garter, with a half dozen interested locals, who have been cleared by Kobold of any Black Lodge connections, and examined further by The Detective for some additional psych profiles, in case Aradia needs them. With the assistance of Dovos, the living armor, who Aradia has just made a pact with, and TD’s skilled leadership, the ritual succeeds, though Aradia barely manages to reject a strange offer of power that comes to her just before she seals it. The newly established Order parties a bit to celebrate.

Heat and PPJ, both having encountered some major personal revelations, and without Otters’ ability to feel no regret, both head out to blow off some steam away from the safehouse, since the team doesn’t have any immediate work booked. Otters wakes up in the van, having slept plugged into the Valkyrie Module, and feeling much better after the hydra poisoning. She heads upstairs, and finds Creep posted up in a corner in a pile of wood chips gradually carving some couch components, TD getting prepped for another day of chill tub time, and Aradia just getting up after needing a lengthy rest post-ritual. She had another strange dream of a seductive voice calling out to her, offering great power, but thought she could hear just a faint buzzing of flies behind it so ignores it for now.

Aradia gets some follow up from Fargus Sol about the strange luck token she was given by The Auditor, but it’s still a work in progress. They’re all just sitting around wondering what to do, when out of nowhere they catch a wide area broadcast that seems to be from about 5 minutes back, showing the alley door of the building propped open, and then swinging open and shut- Creep is the only one able to spot 4 active camo’ed figures slip through. Worried that they may be under attack by unknown adversaries, they get some drones up, and start scoping out their floor.

Finding no immediate threats, they widen their search a bit- Morticia, let out a window, spots some small drones seemingly running surveillance centered on the 20th floor, one of the full floor penthouses, 2 floors above the team. Creep sneaks out the window, made invisible by Aradia, and starts scaling the floor to ceiling glass cladding up to that floor. Aradia projects up there and spots the team of 4 seemingly holding two people hostage. Unfortunately, one is awakened and spots Aradia, taking a swing at her with some sort of astral whip.

Aradia dodges and flees back to her body, reporting in just as Creep reaches the window outside, and manages to surmise that there is one injured individual on the floor, one hostage against a wall, and the team of four clustered around. Morticia picks up some convo with her laser mic, and hears the magic one (presumably) reporting that they were spotted and need to get a move on. Creep feels as one of the 4 inside heads over to a nearby window and starts prepping to remove it. He repositions above it, for a fun surprise.

The team debates whether or not to intervene, when another area message comes in, just saying “HELP” with the elevator code for the 20th floor included. Otters sends one of the Mules into the elevator, along with TD and Aradia, who hide to either side of the door. They send it up, timed to arrive just as Creep smashes in the window and chucks in a flashbang. As the elevator door pops open, the Mule opens up on one of the goons who has a data cable running to the injured man on the floor, who seemed to be trying to crawl to a rigger cocoon.

The Mule manages to kill the startled goon with a full auto burst, though some kind of charge travels along the data cable, and the injured man on the floor starts seizing. The magic goon by the blasted open window swipes at Creep outside with a monofil whip, seemingly his weapon focus, and Creep just barely dodges, scampering inside to avoid the slice that would have peeled him off the side of the building. Aradia levitates the big flatvid terminal in front of the blown open window to block their egress as the magic goon jumps free, deploying a wing suit.

One of the other goons opens up towards Creep, but only hits the tv, while the other goon double taps the injured man on the floor, seemingly killing him. The other hostage, a younger woman, screams, and one of the goons grabs her as a hostage, taking a shot at the drone as well, though Otters dodges, and both Otters and Creep notice that the opps team seem to be wearing light armor stealth suits and using frangible armor- they seem to have prepped for a stealth mission rather than a protracted firefight.

Spotting all of this, TD offers them an out- if they leave the hostage, the team will let them leave. The remaining opps team, outnumbered, agrees, and edge back towards the window, with Creep sliding the levitating flatvid console aside. They shove the hostage forward into the room as they leap out behind, deploying wing suits as well. Moritica spots their drone surveillance pulling back shortly after. They try to talk to the woman, who seems pretty panicked, and then Otters thinks to check on response, given the grenade and full auto fire, unsuppressed, that just took place from the team.

Otters spots that the dead man on the floor has a Platinum DocWagon contract, with response en route, and hurries the team back to the elevator, to not be onsite when they arrive. The woman insists on pausing for a moment to use her access codes to wipe the local security footage “so the team doesn’t get in trouble.” They agree, she does something, and they put Aradia’s cloak over her head and all hustle back to the safehouse two levels below. They hint to the woman that she should at least pretend she doesn’t know where their safehouse is, which she agrees to.

She asks if she can leave, and they say they should all stay put to not cause any extra suspicion, and she asks if she can make some calls- she has to let people know that Kludge is dead! Recognizing that name, Otters realizes that the man they just saw killed is none other than Cap’n Kludge, one of two surviving head admins of the Nexus. This explains all the subsidary security devices and private surveillance – he was notoriously paranoid.

While the woman, who introduces herself as ViralVixen (except with way more obnoxious hacker spelling), makes some calls, the team debates and makes a few calls of their own, specifically to Cat, who pays them for the tipoff about Kludge’s death before the news gets out, and starts speculating what this could mean. She hasn’t heard about any open wetwork contracts or anyone moving on the Nexus, so she asks some questions about the enemy team, which Creep and Otters are able to give some good insight too based on comms traffic and gear.

They seem like a fairly pro crew, but probably not runners, which means likely in-house talent from a corp, government, or similar, given the high quality but uniform and mission specific gear. Cat says she’ll need to dig further, but after Otters asks for a rep check on ViralVixen, tells the team to push her harder as well. They debate drugs and/or Mind Probe, but settle on Aradia and TD team-working intimidating her. They pull her back out of her matrix hole, and lean on her hard, and she cracks easily.

She does seem legit distressed, and was actually friends, or a sort, with Kludge. She was newer to the Nexus and was using the older man’s mildly creepy attraction to her as a means of gaining access to cooler projects and info- though she did also like him, just not in that way, which he seemed aware of. So a somewhat complex dynamic. Apparently someone ID’ed her as a weak link in Kludge’s paranoid security, as he had given her access codes to the building and his suite, and black-bagged her, threatening her and some other people she’s close to if she didn’t cooperate.

So she came over to “work on a project” and propped the alley door open. She thought based on Kludge’s skills and paranoia he’d be able to get them both out of it, and seems traumatized about the way things went down. Also she wasn’t making calls to tell people about Kludge’s death, she was checking in on her people who were also under threat and booking tickets to get out of town, not trusting what kind of response she’ll get from the Nexus and others if/when her involvement and presence get out.

The team confers briefly while offering her minimal comfort. They debate handing her over to Perri, letting the Nexus deal with it’s own, but can’t get ahold of PPJ or Heat, who are the two people with her contact, so they decide to pass her along to Cat instead, who confirms that she will make good use of her- this seems like it will advantage Cat at least, which should also advantage the team as she is one of their main fixers. She offers them an out of town job while she cleans up and sweeps the safehouse and building for surveillance devices and other trouble, and the team agrees.

They drop ViralVixen off with Cat, lightly drugging her to make sure she doesn’t freak out in public, and then head north to Horse Trot Ranch, where they post up in a Faraday’ed cabin to wait for the Johnson, Sleeping there overnight, they awaken the next day to find the Johnson arriving. He introduces himself as Mr. K, and says Stiletto speaks highly of them, so he asked Cat to get in touch. He has a smuggling interception that he needs to happen ASAP, if they’re interested.

He offers a kind of minimal payout, but the team present either doesn’t really care about money or can’t negotiate, so they go with it. He explains that a smuggling go-gang, the Blood Mountain Boys from Seattle, are moving some cargo across the NAN to meet up with a Koshari Circle, who will take control of the product and move it into the FRFZ. Mr. K wants to take possession of the cargo, which he describes as 21 “manavoltaic” rods. Otters inquires, and this seems to relate to using magic to generate energy.

K suggests that if they hurry, they might be able to intercept the BMB en route, which will be harder moving target, but less security and way less magic, or seize the rods as the meet sight in Butte, but then they’ll have to against both BMB and Koshari, who have lots of magical support, unless they can somehow turn them against each other. The team decides to try for the mobile ambush, and quickly stocks up on some gear before heading out of town.

Libraries and Hydras
4/1/2024, 10:37:32 AM
Runners
Creep
Otters aka Roadkill
Pepper Jack
Heat

With the team admitted to the library, they start looking around and getting a feel for the upsettingly massive scope of the place. Creep takes a thorough look around with some assistance from the others, trying to get a sense of the categorization system, and can’t make heads or tails of the whole thing. Heat detects a Resonance-based matrix equivalent of some sort, which seems very clean, almost sterile, and not quite like either material plane or Seelie Court matrices. Otters is mostly just vibing on it- great drone signal at seemingly any distance within the library’s confines. PPJ takes a look around magically and spots a number of magical books/tomes/scrolls/tablets and the like, though they are a minority amongst the overall collection.

Off in the distance, Creep spots a figure that seems slightly familiar, and heads over, eventually recognizing that one of the semi-spectral librarians seems to be ThinkTank, who Creep had only met a time or two in Seattle and who died in an explosion shortly before he joined the team. Creep tries to chat with him a bit- he seems to have some sense of who he “was” but not his full memories and seems dedicated to the library. He offers to guide them to someone who can tell them more, and they accept, brought up a series of staircases and down assorted passageways amidst the sprawling structure, til they find a small side room, where a bald, scarred ork is working on a terminal that looks curiously modern.

As the ork spins around and rudely acknowledges them, some of the team recognize him as former team member Test, an abrasive but skilled TM and researcher. He quickly confirms that none of them are scientists, but once Heat provides context for their connection and bona fides, as well as some flattery about Test’s major research discoveries on the Seelie Court, he gets more enthused and gives them some info. He explains that he is working with Masaru’s Great Library project in Alexandria, along with a lot of other TM’s who took shelter with Egyptian Coptic Church during the global TM-hunting high point a few years back. He also clears up StepMAMA’s archaic language problem, though the team isn’t quite sure how he did it.

They are attempting to connect the physical Great Library, as it is rebuilt, with this astral version, as well as hopefully linking both to the Endless Archive, as they are already having to keep a portal open to run cables and Resonance energy through to keep the local network stable and prevent everything from fully aligning to the local metaplanar translation/paradigm. When questioned further, he suggests that this is the next step in multi-realm theory- punching through the coin, and no longer needing “sides”. Unfortunately, he suggests that based on his knowledge of The Seed, it isn’t a book, and certainly couldn’t be contained in a single volume even if it was, plus he hasn’t encountered it in his cataloguing of the library, though he’s a long way from finished.

Along with everyone else they’ve spoken to, he suggests seeking out Mr. Bookbinder for more information/to become a member. They finally decide to do so, and head up another few levels, seeing a number of other TM’s working on running cable, setting up devices, etc- seemingly expanding the local net. They seem to be under the direction of an Australian dwarf named Barnaby Rudd, who the team is able to ID from the team file from some past contacts and references, and know is a longtime Library enthusiast from Egypt, under Masaru’s protection.

They reach Mr Bookbinder’s desk, a classic librarian at a classic “help” desk, and PPJ assenses him, worried of all the warnings they’ve had about not upsetting him, and is delighted to find that he appears relatively weak, especially compared to some of the relatively high force librarian spirits. Creep signs up for a membership and has to give a tiny drop of blood- this is seemingly their version of an ID confirmation. He sees the name he signed kind of magically flash as the blood seals into the book. Otters does the same, but is a little shocked to see the name “Roadkill” briefly flash as her blood seals the contract.

Finally deciding to look into her past a little, Otters asks Heat if he can get a line out to Jackpoint via all the Resonant energy. Heat manages to do so, though it is a bit unstable. Otters asks StepMAMA to just collate the number of posts with “Roadkill” as a keyword without reviewing content. Since PPJ has previously asked StepMAMA to report on any info uncovered about Otters’ past, she then confirms this instruction with him. Heat sees this conversation happening, and tells StepMAMA to first report to him with all the post results, and he will filter them. StepMAMA seems to be feeling some conflicted loyalties, but does so.

Heat is disturbed to find that “Roadkill” was apparently a relatively well-known trafficker in the Carib League, who often used animals to assist in her work. However, she was an elf. Heat decides to keep digging, and finds that Roadkill apparently went missing a few years back, right around the time that MCT scaled down their TM kidnapping efforts, and had apparently been transporting a lot of TM’s to MCT prior to that. However, this doesn’t line up with the timeline of Otters’ memories, in terms of when she recalls ARES using the AIMAD to erase her past and set her up in Detroit. Heat decides to keep looking one more time, and finds his birth name on a compiled list of missing TM’s from the region/era.

Quite upset, Heat then backs out, and sends along only the number of posts to Otters but starts giving her the cold shoulder. StepMAMA confirms to PPJ that something is going on when he inquires but is having some internal struggles with complex loyalty dynamics. Meanwhile, Creep, unaware of all of this, has begun researching furniture construction with Mr Bookbinder’s assistance, wanting to make some couches he can be inside of. After Heat refuses a few light attempts at conversation about his sudden mood shift, they continue searching the library, and with careful analysis and some targeted searches with Mr Bookbinder’s assistance, they are able to figure out that the collection seems to be magically sorted by order of acquisition- the library expands outwards and upwards as needed to accommodate new additions, with librarians seemingly magically knowing where each item ought to be shelved.

This does not bring them any closer to finding the book they seek, but they do spot a large section of the 4th floor, the size of a large building on it’s own, which has not obvious means of access. Thinking back to the conversations with Mr Bookbinder, they recall that although he rejects any destruction of knowledge, he acknowledged that some knowledge needs to be restricted, and they wonder if this hidden area is the restricted section. Otters is thinking hard on her past after Heat confirms that he found some stuff out from the matrix search, and is able to remember a feeling of being betrayed as one of her last conscious thoughts pre-Detroit.

After being completely unable to find a way into the hidden area, and confirming that it is warded with a masked alarm ward, they decide to just ask Mr Bookbinder. He confirms that the book they seek is in the restricted area, but says library members in good standing of course have access, though the book cannot be checked out or removed- it is the only known copy, and has yet to be translated, so is too precious to risk loss or damage. They get into an esoteric debate about what owning a book truly means, and eventually come to the conclusion that if it were successfully translated, Mr B would likely move it to the more public area, as the preservation of knowledge is more important to him than the physical object in and of itself.

With that in mind, Creep and Otters follow one of the librarians into the restricted section, feeling a sort of expansion of space as the librarian somehow opens a path between two shelves that didn’t seem to previously exist. They find themselves in a massive open chamber, with evenly spaced pedestals, stands, and the like each holding a single text of one form or another. As opposed to the library outside, the texts in here all have the look of magical objects, though neither of the runners are able to confirm for sure. After about a 15 minute walk, they find themselves at the pedestal of the Silver Book of Saeletra that they seek, and the librarian reaches forward, one finger transforming into a key to open the trapped mechanical lock, which causes the protective casing to flower open.

Gesturing invitingly, the librarian steps back a little bit but is keeping a close eye. Creep carefully examines the pedestal, case and lock, finding no other security mechanisms or traps, and then takes thorough images of the book itself- densely inscribed text in some sort of machine code on a silver plate encased in glass. After getting good enough looks at it for a passable forgery, he passes it to Otters, who is shocked to find that the text, when read into her RCC, seems to be some kind of program she can run. With StepMAMA’s help, she creates a partition and starts running the program, which seems to download a large text file in some unknown language into that area.

While this is happening, StepMAMA asks Otters how she feels about secrets, and explains some of her conflicted current loyalties, though she isn’t overly specific. She suggests that Heat learned some things about Otters’ past that could involve him as well, and this is why he is so chilly all of a sudden. When Otters asks if the info is “bad” StepMAMA says that although she can’t qualitatively judge, she believes many would interpret it as such, including Heat. With everything they are able to get from the book for now, they head back out of the restricted section, Otters trying half-heatedly to make conversation with the librarian, who seems similarly distant to ThinkTank. They once again feel the expansion of space as the librarian ushers them out, and find Heat and PPJ waiting.

After some tense interactions about what to do next, since they don’t think this file copy will be sufficient for the Johnson, Mr. Bookbinder offers them a private room to have a louder discussion in, so as not to disturb other patrons. They ignore him for now, while Creep continues to read up on furniture making. Heat takes a look at the data in Otters’ partition and has a bizarre slightly mind-breaking revelation from within, without being actually able to make sense of the language or symbols. However, he can feel that there is more power and more to learn in here…. for now, he asks PPJ and Creep to test out his new ability, which seems to allow him to use his skinlink and living persona to act as a kind of cyberdeck for someone he is touching.

Neither PPJ nor Creep seem to really appreciate or understand how cool and weird this is, as well as how unprecedented, and Otters, the one team member present who might, is the one person Heat doesn’t want to currently share this with. However, they decide this may be an option of how to proceed with the job. Heat suggests they take Mr. B up on the private room, and they all head inside except Creep, who continues his research. Heat confronts Otters with info about her past, with PPJ confirming that his own research had also discovered some of this. Otters is initially resistant, but starts having some weird dual memories, and decides to follow them, feeling that the whole point of erasing her memories was that noone knew, and if some people know now, she might as well.

She’s able to piece a little back together as they continue to process their conflict, with Heat attempting to explain his anger as well as his confusing situation, and Otters offering very “no regret” apologies and “explanations”, believing that not remembering excuses her from past action. Although PPJ was otherwise backing up Heat in terms of the veracity of info, he also kind of agrees with Otters on this, as he doesn’t want to be responsible for whatever he may have done on Dis when he was not in control of himself, in a time he doesn’t remember.

Otters eventually recalls that on her last job for MCT, she was supposed to bring them a promising tween kind, she remembers paying the parents for a “hiring bonus” for a prominent corporate position, and how desperate the parents were to believe all of this. She remembers that during the travel, she got a bad feeling and passed the kid off to a contact at Horizon instead, reporting to MCT that this one got away. However, at the meet with MCT, she got black-bagged and had some operations performed on her- both surgical and mental. Pushing deeper into her memories, with her photographic memory, she starts having an easier and easier time separating the full-sensory BTL style implanted memories of some years in Detroit and a deal with ARES, overlapping with some mystery missing time in some kind of black lab.

She is able to get a memory of two scientists discussing her over her while strapped to some kind of surgical table, and running the mouth movements through their lip reading program thinks they are saying something about how the “AIMAD is insufficient in this case, but she may be a good candidate from Project: ANIMUS”. Otters snaps back to reality and reports all of this to the team. PPJ is interested, and Heat is further frustrated that Otters seems to be getting some self-satisfaction and even healing out of these revelations while Heat gets more and more disturbed. He repeatedly tries to leave and gets called back in for more of Otters’ memories, with Creep finally joining them.

Otters excitedly re-explains everything to Creep, who suggests that her bad past behavior might have explained her addictions at the time- seeking an escape from the darkness of her actions at the time. With some peace made for now, and Heat still mad but announcing that he’ll get past it eventually, they decide to refocus on the job for now. Realizing that they can probably get a call through from here, Heat contacts Cat, who seems to notice his unusual downcast vibe and inquires, which he brushes off for now. However, she invites him to drink and chat in the back room of her bar when they get back, a social upgrade and mark of recognition of his growing status in the local shadows that he has long been seeking.

He gives her the info on the book and what they’ve learned/gained from the copy Otters made. Cat says she’ll check with the Johnson if that is sufficient, and reports back shortly after that it should be. Heat transfers her a copy of the file for now, but she says they’ll need to come by a bar for the meet when they return to confirm with the original copy on the RCC. They agree, and decide to head back. PPJ wants to do more research while they’re there, but Heat isn’t in the mood, and Otters, the only one without a shadow cloak, is getting very tired and hungry but is nervous about eating and drinking here.

They head out the front door and descent the step towards the tavern where Arcane waits, when all of a sudden a massive hyrda appears in the street in front of them. Seizing the initiative, they dash past it as it manifests, racing for the tavern door where a frantic Arcane is preparing the portal, though it successfully bites PPJ, damaging his armor, and also Otters, both damaging her armor and poisoning her. They all skid through the portal into Arcane’s study, and the portal snaps closed, severing one hydra head that followed them, which starts dissolving through the floor in a pool of acid. Arcane quips that this is why he never takes a job harvesting hydra reagents. He also suggests that this was almost surely the Black Lodge, which Creep confirms based on the summoning circle he spotted in the street.

After curing Otter’s poison with a combo of magic and an alchemically prepared bezoar, he sends them on their way, and they roll over to the One Up Arcade, with Otters taking a quick nap. They meet with the Johnson, who they’ve done a little research on, and confirm that “The Collector” seems to indeed be Thomas Whitefeather, though he is disguising both appearance and voice, who seems to also be the Nexus poster “Cloudmaster”. According to street rumors, he a semi-retired matrix war specialist from the PCC, who also works in the spycraft field, and seems well-respected if not always liked on the Nexus. They have a pretty interesting though short convo with him, and Heat promises to assist with further translation of the mysterious book. They warn him of the BL and he asks if the team has come to their attention of late, which they confirm, and he says that may be the connection, though he also suggests that the BL are not friends of GW, and so have to operate deep underground locally, if at all.

The Collector requests any future similar books they encounter, which Mr. B and Test have both also requested, and they get paid. PPJ also has a list of overdue books from the library, just in case he encounters any in his travels. After the meet, they crash at the safehouse, with Creep ordering supplies to start building some furniture, which is just as well since PPJ is living here full time now. PPJ gets a new alert that Rosalyn Hernandez has been forced out of leadership at the IOND into an emeritus position, and looks quietly stressed/unhappy about this in the press release. He also gets a message from Darien Black telling him that his personnel files have been purged from the IOND databases but that he still has secure copies “if they are needed….”

After conferring with the team, PPJ thinks this is probably a dual purpose offer to return and also a threat. He decides that although this is some forward progress, as requested, he still doesn’t belong at the IOND, and decides to continue as a free agent for now. Heat also gets a message from Perri with an invite link to a Nexus private forum related to deciphering the Silver Book text that they acquired. He’s also planning to write up an update on the library and it’s connections, in his ongoing investigation of magical/matrix crossovers in the metaplanes.

Rescuing the Refugee
3/25/2024, 1:08:32 PM
Runners
Creep
Otters aka Roadkill
Pepper Jack
Heat

Previously, in LA: while the rest of the team heads out to deal with GWB and investigate The Auditor, PPJ decides to finish his task for the Rat King. With Aradia’s assistance, he changes his appearance and outfit to look like a high end courier for a local service, and uses a fake SIN to take a cab to the motel that Ratcatcher is rumored to be staying at. He has a whole plan to bluff his way in but the teen working the front desk really doesn’t care. PPJ walks up to the room, knocks, and cons his way in, delivering the package. He then makes excuses to hastily leave, though not before seeing the edge of what looks like a Tarot card as Ratcatcher rips it open, seemingly thinking it might be his payment for the past job gone wrong.

As he waits for another cab in the parking lot, there is a pressure wave and a brief shriek from behind him, followed by some worried shouts and inquiries from adjacent rooms. He gets out of there, swapping clothes and cabs on Venice Beach, as well as rotating to another SIN. He gets back to the safehouse in town in time to ride back to Denver with Otters and TD, happy to have completed his task. Reviewing the footage and the team file, they conclude that this might have been one of the trap tarot cards that PPJ and other team members had heard of/seen once before, in Boston, some time back. It seems like whatever payday LBC held onto is safe for now.

The team hustles out to the mountains in the van, quickly switching to tracked mode as they head off the poor quality logging and mining trails west of town. Many of their plans involve needing to go back to town to buy supplies since they had rushed out so hurriedly, but they eventually come up with a plan with what they have on hand. Creep magnets to the VTOL while Heat rides inside, with PPJ overlanding on foot accompanied by the Mule drone (which he names Charlie, this is the one effected by metaplanar translation). Otters stays in the van to run drones, sending the swarm with the VTOL and keeping Morticia near the Mule, after doing a surveillance sweep of the area.

Otters, at the van, is about 3km from the safehouse, and first flies Creep over to a clear stone area about 1km the other side of the safehouse, which looks like the closest potential landing zone. Otters also sees large bear tracks and horn scratches on some trees, and warns of Piasma activity in the area, though they may be hibernating. She also spots some carnivorous pain pines and a snow owl nest, and warns the team to path around them. Creep rigs up det cord on a few medium size trees to block the landing zone if needed, then magnets onto the VTOL again, going stealth to match with his custom skin and armor, and Otters flies them up to the safehouse dooe.

Set into the side of a cliff face with no ledge and no other obvious entrances, Heat pops open the VTOL door and starts talking at the small quartz window set into the wood door. After a pause, he hears some muffled conversation, and then gets a response. Following some tense negotiation, he gets permission to enter so long as he leaves his weapons behind. After making an easy but perilous leap in, the troll guard shuts the door behind him, introducing himself as Slab. He seems like a skilled woodsman, wearing full area-appropriate camo and moving very softly for such a large man. He stands back but is keeping an eye on Heat, and though Heat still has comms to Creep with all his boosters, has lost comms to the rest of the team.

The safehouse is very low-tech- Slab has a cooler and some battery powered cookers and other small devices, but not comms and good magic and signal masking as it is all hewn out of the stove of the mountain-side, with the door made of thick local wood, still sprouting some green branches and small leaves. Sitting in the corner is a tall, thing, gangly individual with incredibly smooth skin and wide set eyes, who appears human. Heat introduces himself, explains the peril, and offers assistance. The figure seems to be assessing for a moment, and almost seems to be refining his use of cityspeak English as he replies.

He introduces himself as “the Refugee” as he has been referred to by Slab, but suggests that after some consideration he can be called Ersatz. After some questioning about the team’s hirer and the other Johnsons on offer and their terms, Ersatz agrees that the ASPS seems the best option and will go along. Creep gets invited into the help Heat take a look at the strange cuffs that Ersatz is bound by, but recognizing that they contain some components they can’t make sense of, as well as at least one anti-tamper system, they decide to leave them be.

They load Ersatz up into the VTOL, and Otters triangulates a path out of the mountain to maintain signal as she drives and flies simultaneously back to town. Slab rigs up an explosive trap to the door, as he throws down a rope to assist Heat and Creep down the 200m drop from the door to the scree slope below. Creep easily scrambles down, with Heat struggling but not falling. They both notice the altitude, being almost twice as high as Denver, though Creep is easily able to compensate with his internal air tanks by adjusting the balance. PPJ and the Mule are a little past halfway there, as Creep spots a stealthed chopper heading for the landing zone.

He blows the det cord, dropping trees, and see the chopper veer clear at the last moment. Otters and Morticia, on their way to meeting the VTOL, spot an invisible flying carpet steered by what looks like a spirit, with 4 others aboard, also headed towards the safehouse. Slab heads off into the woods, offering to attempt a distraction, while Heat and Creep aim to rendezvous with PPJ and the drones. PPJ goes astral to check on the flying carpet, and is instantly spotted- it’s a powerful spirit of man, 2 mage and 2 adepts, so he assumes this is the IOND team, though the presence of a bound spirit suggests they could indeed be Black Lodge, as the team worried.

PPJ frantically manages to counter a fireball, and the stealthily repositions, heading deeper into the woods to cover his tacks. Heat and Creep hear an explosion behind them from the safehouse- it sounds like someone found the trap Slab left. They close in on PPJ’s concealed position just as one of the corpo-soldier types from the chopper spot Heat, not a natural woodsman himself, as he bashes through the woods a little loudly. Heat raises his hands while stepping into a little cover, and tries to talk his way out, complicated slightly as Creep clumsily chucks a grenade. Luckily, it was only a thermal smoke so Creep pops it right away to allay suspicion as cries of "grenade! grenade! echo from a few flanking positions in the woods.

PPJ, still concealed, uses some carefully applied magical dread to lend weight to Heat’s argument, which is essentially: the target’s already gone, we don’t know where or have comms right now, and there’s another magical team en route that seems inclined towards lethality, so why don’t we all walk away? PPJ also manages to mostly blunt the effects of an area thought browse spell that seems to effect both groups (Creep further embraces cyberpsychosis to fight it off). Combined with the magical dread, this seems sufficient, and the corpo team backs off, at least visibly. Figuring this is as good as it will get for now, they head on foot back towards the logging trails, and follow them back towards the edge of town, getting a room at one of the Front Range casinos on the west edge to ditch any tails.

PPJ quickly gets kicked out after being waaay too interested in how to repair slot machines- although this is legit it seems incredibly sketchy to casino security, even more so when he presents an obviously fake SIN after getting face-scanned. He takes a cab to a mechanics bar in Elbert and drinks and talks about tinkering, getting some MeFeed channel recommendations. Heat parties with some strangers he befriends while losing money, with Creep crashing from Jazz and hiding under the bed. They left the strange Mule buried in the woods a little ways away from the casino lot for Otters to retrieve later.

Meanwhile, Otters has made contact with Louis Belaran of the ASPS, and set up a meet at DocWagon’s main hospital complex in town. She is given a room number to meet in, and makes some simple disguises for herself and Ersatz, using the large pocket of his hooded jacket to hide his cuffs. They walk in and Otters heads straight for the room, not pausing to talk to anyone, and finds what looks like a high end street clinic hidden inside what looks like a regular suite from outside. After being ushered in by a nurse, they find Belaran waiting.

He confirms that this is a street clinic of sorts, for people in their line of work, and converses briefly with Ersatz before paying Otters out for the team and confirming he owes them some favors as well. Belaran confirms that it was good not to attempt to remove the cuffs as it could have triggered an astral beacon of sorts, suggesting that Ersatz may be fleeing from multiplanar captors. Otters heads out and returns to the safehouse after some evasive driving, marking the clinic in the team file for future use. She also analyzes the small data chip that Ersatz slips into her hand as she exits.

It contains some data that seems sort of like simsense recording but not quite, and seems to confirm that Ersatz had previously been a captive of the Black Lodge, and that they were in touch with Rosalyn Hernandez, the founder and head of the IOND, who was one of the Johnsons seeking him. The team all links up the next day and goes over the data, as well as doing further research, and determine that Hernandez def fits the BL portfolio- a human and magic supremacist, though she has always espoused an “all-magic welcome” philosophy counter to the BL’s human supremacy. In the footage provided, she seems to fit the role of a powerful person outside the org chart, so it seems like she may either be a past members or a high level contact.

PPJ stays up all night writing it all up and then delivers it to Darien Black. After an intense conversation, PPJ ends up leaving the IOND- though he believes Black will do the right thing, in his way, Black makes the argument for slow, careful, political movement to remove the BL from the IOND, whereas PPJ desires action. Black pulls the “not sad, just disappointed” card amongst other classic parental moves, but PPJ is finally unswayed, and tells him to be in touch once he actually does something about it all, as he doesn’t want to continue working for an organization that may even tangentially benefit the BL. He sees on his way out that onsite security has already restricted his access privileges.

He heads back to the safehouse, now his only residence, and sadly watches OrkDadToolTips repair videos for the rest of the day, while Creep tries to talk to him, not realizing he is on mute. Creep ends up down a couch reupholstery rabbit hole, given his recent fixations. After regrouping the rest of the day, the team wakes up the next day to a call from Cat, offering another job, telling them to come meet them in the private back room in her bar. They head over, and get the spiel: a Johnson called “the Collector” wants a special book. The pay is good, but it involves long distance travel, which is being arranged. Cat won’t give more details until they agree on taking the job and pay, so Heat negotiates, once again feeling like he has maxed out the encounter.

Cat gives the deets: there is a book called the Silver Book of Saelatra, colloquially known as “the Seed”, that the Johnson wants retrieved from the astral Library of Alexandria, a hyperplane of the plane of Kindred. Arcane will portal them there once again, but how they get the book from the library is up to them. Excited for another metaplanar voyage, they head back to the safehouse to do some research, and Heat gets confused by rumors of a digital/Resonant library also existing, and becomes convinced they are meant to go there instead. The team convinces him to check the astral one first, and they can’t think of other required gear, so they head to Arcane’s. He confirms that the library is a sort of tripartite structure, with astral, material and Resonant representations, somewhat validating Heat.

Most of the team still has intact Shadow Cloaks, so they wear those, but Otters just goes in raw. Arcane once again has set up the appearance of a ritual to open the portal but seems to just gesture it open. They see a cobbled street and some sort of Victorian-era structures, and head in. Arcane accompanies this time as the portal closes behind them. He points to a tavern, and say to find him there when they’re ready to return, and suggests not making enemies of the librarians. Otters seems to have taken on a distinctly steampunk vibe, with lots of gears, pistons, steam vents and the like on her and the drones. Charlie is looking especially weird now.

Turning around, they find that Arcane has dropped them right in front of an entrance to the massively wide, towering library hyperplane. They spot some cloaked figures watching them from a nearby alley, and Heat approaches, causing them to fall back out of sight before he can speak to them. Creep approaches the library door, curious about “the Seed”, as he found some interesting references to it in the team file, from a past team’s time on the Seelie Court. He knocks on one of the massive bronze doors, and it is opened by a tall, bowed librarian, who when questioned moans at them to speak to Mr. Bookbinder. They see a massive array of shelves in book heading up out of sight and off into the distance on either side. More interestingly, Heat is able to detect some kind of network here, seeming like something halfway between the material plane matrix and the strange equivalent of the Seelie Court- more useful paydata for Perri!

Dark Waves in the Green Bay
3/18/2024, 7:23:40 PM
Runners
Creep
The Detective
Otters aka Roadkill
Heat
Aradia

The team mostly rests up while Heat and Pepperjack do some research, and compile some questions for their friends to post/look up on Jackpoint in the morning. Heat spots a bunch of agitation about NAN border risks- someone seems to be spending some effort pushing UCAS reunification, esp since the UCAS needs a West Coast port with the loss of Free Seattle. After continuing research when the others wake up, they start formulating a plan on how to safely travel the Deep Lacuna and access Green Water Bay. They get a contact to the rental agent there through Traveler Jones on Jackpoint, and arrange to get brought out for a meeting with the goal of a 1 month rental of a small storage unit there.

PPJ splits off to go deal with Ratcatcher as promised to the Rat King on ZCorp. The rest of the team heads back to the Deep Diver and gets picked up by a smuggler, who gets them all into basic dive gear and tells them to hang on tight to the powered sled they’ll use. He says they’ll have to carry it through a few dry tunnels, and they take off.

He attempts to lead them on a very circuitous route, and seems to be travelling fast enough to force most of the team to focus on holding on. Luckily Creep has a bunch of specialty brain implants for this purpose and is fairly confident he could retrace their steps. They emerge out of the strange, magical feeling tunnels into a large cavern and see the large sunken aquacology anchored to the floor- the legends are true! They enter through a moon pool, strip out of their rented dive gear, and meet Missy, the estate agent onsite.

Despite Heat’s best efforts, she is leery of giving them very much info until they sign a rental agreement, so they quickly do, getting the smallest bolthole available with no amenities. Heat and Otters manage to put together some info on one of the defenses- what looks to be a slightly toxic, Awakened amoeba colony called a “Protean”. They are warned to not get too close or to come into contact, but told that the interior of their unit and the marked paths nearby are safe to travel.

Heat does a little digging on the local matrix, but it looks very well defended, and Aradia looks around a little in the astral- luckily their magical security seems relatively minimal, mostly relying on passive security from the water surrounding them, and on physical and drone/matrix defense inside. Creep spots a freight elevator and some fire stairs, but no personnel elevators, they seem to be in a converted loading dock and equipment area, and Creep gets the feeling that the levels below may still be flooded. He also spots the lock mechanisms, and confirms that he and Heat have the tools to manage them.

Aradia and The Detective start working on a disguise, dressing TD up like the Auditor with magic assisting, while Heat programs one of his face masks to appear like The Auditor, and TD looks pretty solid when they finish. Otters gets ahold of someone in the Dark Wave Syndicate to arrange a shipment of 4 individuals in a crate to Seattle, who need to arrive alive. They then rent gear again and get a ride back to Deep Diver. They grab the van and go shopping, stocking up on their own dive gear, sled, and other gear they’ll need for the mission, including a big comm upgrade for Heat.

The next day, they head back to GWB via Lacuna passages as near the surface as possible to avoid the dangers they’ve been warned of deeper down. Luckily Otters pilots well and Creep proves a skilled navigator, though TD almost is lured off the craft when they spot an Incubus- a large camo’ed Awakened octopus that seems to have some mind control and illusion powers. They bypass the slow-moving ambush predator and continue on, arriving through the moon pool again.

Otters loads the other 4 into the packing crate, along with the FlySpy swarm, and she and Heat set up an encrypted comms channel, pretty well-concealed amidst local facility matrix traffic. The Dark Wave smugglers come and meet with Otters at the arranged time, who overpays a little bit for the service but is just focused on staying pro and not trying to lie. The smugglers haul the crate off, and the team inside gets bumped around a bit until they get dropped off elsewhere in the facility.

Creep barely cracks the crate top while Heat checks the matrix and Otters remotes in to get the drone swarm up. They seem to be in a shipping and receiving storage area, there are a lot of security sensors and a single door. Heat slips his gun out and takes a couple silenced shots with looper rounds, giving them a clear camera window, but he spots that one of the mics in the room picked up one of the shots, so they team hustles to the door, and Heat and Creep quickly crack it open and bypass it with a Passkey Sequencer.

They dash out into the hall, with Heat quashing another audio alarm, in time this time, as Aradia doesn’t quite nail the sneaking. Worried about this, Aradia casts invisibility on all of them and then levitates herself towards the ceiling, barely able to focus while holding so many active spells at once. The team chooses a random direction and heads that way, scouting ahead a little with the drones. Creep is glad he carefully replaced the crate lid, as a guard comes by and checks on the storage room, seemingly from the audio alarm.

After the guard heads away again, the team decides to check a door with a lot of thermal signatures behind it that the drones spotted, rather than the cold storage room they are hiding near. Heat goes into the local Host via the door lock, and sees that this hotter room has it’s own private nested Host. He gains access and pops the door, but sees patrolling IC and hides. He manages to hacks the cameras inside and loop them, and then starts working on cracking the encryption, disarming the data bombs and copying the video and audio footage.

The rest of the team heads inside, though Aradia just remains floating near the ceiling- she does spot some Aztlaner Spanish labels on the top of some of the assorted packing containers in the room. The rest of the team can see that there is space for 100 various sized containers, all seemingly containing modified Valkyrie modules, seemingly designed to keep their inhabitants stable and comatose near indefinitely so long as they are supplied and powered. They can hold various metatypes of various ages, and some seem sized for other metasapients as well.

Creep checks some readouts with Otters doing the same on drones, while TD takes a count. It looks like there are sort of 3 groupings of around 20 each, evidence that a half dozen were recently moved, some other open spots and some prepped open units. The ones that are running are fully sealed and the team can’t see inside, but based on the readouts they are all filled. Heat gets the camera data and scrubs through it, finding The Auditor’s visit from the previous day, and then goes back for the audio, though he warns the team to hurry as the local net seems to have an aggressive threshold for Overwatch Score.

Heat also hunkers into the doorway while holding the door near shut as a guard patrol passes, hoping not to be noticed and delighted when Aradia’s spell holds. The Auditor seems to have arrived, insisted a half dozen of the containers be shipped to Denver, and offers additional payment for the change in plans. When questioned by one of the smugglers, he kills him with some kind of magic the team doesn’t recognize, that he seems to benefit from in some way. The smugglers then quickly deal with the body and get the containers ready to ship (they look like they are built modularly to fit easily into isotainers) as The Auditor leaves.

Heat tells the team they need to go, so they exit, and sneak back into the storage room, with Heat taking longer distance looper shots from outside the room to avoid tripping the audio sensors again. Unfortunately, Aradia bangs into a shelf while floating back towards the crate, so they decide to trigger their backup plan, and TD gets their spell dropped and gets into character. The rest of the team hop in the crate and try to get prepared mentally to spend days in a box with few preparations getting shipped to Seattle. Only Creep is excited, and both he and Aradia can already tell that Heat’s nervous energy is gonna be a problem.

TD, as The Auditor, manages to cow the guards who quickly arrive, though they still insist that “he” leaves with them. TD asks for the bathroom, refusing their offer of refreshment, and then listens in from inside as the guards try to get ahold of Gow, or any of the people who usually deal with high-end clients. TD re-emerges and insists on being taken back to shore immediately, suggesting they improve their security and not speak of “his” surprise inspection out of turn. The guards give in, seemingly worried about The Auditor’s deadly magic.

TD gets dropped off back at Deep Diver, and hangs there for a short while, still behaving as The Auditor, while the place fills up, before sneakily swapping disguises in the bathroom and hopping in the job van where Otters has it out front. They head back to the safehouse, grab all the gear they brought and bought that they want to bring back with them, and call it in to Stiletto. They spend a day hanging around LA going to museum exhibits and restaurants- there’s a new ghoul societies ones that is pretty cool- and then get flown back to Denver via VTOL.

In the crate, Creep quickly decides to Narcoject Heat, with Aradia backing up with spellcraft as needed, so Heat doesn’t blow it for them. They get delivered to some docks in Seattle that are controlled by the Triad, uncrated, and left to their own devices after some slightly menacing banter from the syndicate members. With Creep and Aradia both having left Seattle under less than perfectly ideal circumstances last time, they decide not to push their luck and head straight to SeaTac.

They call Stiletto, who books them tickets, and pay a smuggler to get their illicit gear stowed without getting scanned. They grab some drinks at the airport bar, fly back to Denver and get picked up by Otters at DIA. They head back to the safehouse, write it all up, and send it into Stiletto, who seems really stressed out, especially since The Auditor mentioned needing to deal with someone who is looking into him. She says she needs to keep her head down, but will be in touch soon with more work.

The team also hears from Niall O’Connor via Arcane that PPJ’s clone(?) body was missing by the time his team got to Carcean but that he was able to recover an unspecified amount of the Tarot. He offers them opportunities for work in the Court if they find themselves out that way again, as they seem like a capable group. Aradia also hears back from Kobold, and gets some background info on the first batch of applicants for The Order of the Garter. And no obvious Black Lodge so far! So that’s good. Aradia books the first meeting, wanting to get things rolling.

Heat hears from a new contact at Horizon, Brionna Talbert, who is going to be managing their social media and public awareness to keep their activities on the DL as much as possible. She also insists Heat come up with a new name for either his music or his running, as he’s been using the same for both, and Heat decides to do music as Sizzle from now on. He trades her the info the team got on Green Water Bay and the Deep Lacuna in exchange, which Brionna seems delighted by. The team is a little leery of where this relationship may lead, but all go along with it for now, since Horizon already runs most of the apps anyway…

The next day, after getting paid and resting up, Cat gets ahold of them again, and says she has a weird one- a lot of Johnsons in town seem to all be looking for the same guy, she doesn’t know much about the target but she’s had three different offers, all with slightly different goals. They get the basic rundown, and do what research they can on the Johnsons. 1 is a new in town ASPS operative, 1 seems to be a false name used by Rosalyn Hernandez, the head of the IOND, and one is corporate fixer with a decent rep, who seems to work for one of the big 3 Japanacorps, and is a TM.

The corpo, Hank Tom, is hiring for wetwork, but paying the most, with a bonus for speed and body delivery. The IOND/Hernandez is paying in the middle, and will pay a flat rate for a body, but will pay higher for and would prefer live delivery. The ASPS, via Louis Belaran, is paying the least, but insists on alive and well delivery. After some back and forth, the team votes. Heat wants to go with Hank Tom, as he prioritizes pay. PPJ goes for the IOND along with Creep, though some of the rest of the team is worried about Black Lodge infiltration there. The ASPS ends up winning with the other 3 votes, so they contact Belaran.

He insists on meeting in person, in a decent hotel in the west burbs. He cuts a dashing figure, with a bonded blade focus, a stylish shadow cloak, and a number of other items and trinkets suggesting he is a frequent astral traveller. He also he has strong French accent and a pencil mustache, which The Detective is a fan of. He briefs them on what he knows of the job and target, which is basically not much aside from location, a remote safehouse literally in a mountain west of town. He says they’ll need to complete the job within the next 12 hours, as he worries others in town are already looking for this individual too and don’t have his best interests in mind, which the team confirms.

Heat negotiates the hell out of it, but Belaran says he the ASPS is unfortunately underfunded, though he offers services, favors, or info in addition to pay in exchange. The team gets ready to head out to the mountains, feeling that speed may be the best tactic here….

Fun in the Sun
3/11/2024, 5:25:22 PM
Runners
Creep
The Detective
Otters aka Roadkill
Pepper Jack
Heat
Aradia

In Zecorporatum: Pepperjack arranges with Bartholomew Barkins to set up a meeting with the Rat King, hoping to secure aid against this end of the Taco Temple ritual. PPJ goes out to poke around and tries to do some research but fails to figure out the local matrix infrastructure and just gets a general feel for the stratification of the plane. Upon his return to Barkins’ office, a dire rat follows him in, and Barkins makes introductions. PPJ follows the rats, scaring off some Stabbers with a mana ball on the way down.

They descend below the street level where the team first entered, and continue going further and further down, through series’ of biomechanical sewers, until they find themselves in a large carved culvert. On a crude throne across some stagnant water, and surrounded by ledges covered in rats, sits what at first looks like a humanoid figure, but quite tall. PPJ takes a closer look and sees that it is actually a mass of rats, roiling over each other to maintain a human form, while a shabby crown bobbles along on top of it’s “head”.

PPJ makes a deal with the Rat King, who seems quite amused by him, even though he totally misunderstands the social system down here, partially due to being on Guts. The Rat King sends a dozen dire rats with PPJ who follows them back topside, and using illusion and stealth, sneaks each rat into position in a different TT analogue. He notices they each have some kind of alchemical prep with them. He stays near the final rat and watches the mana line heading out of the plane towards Carcean, until it starts to throb and disrupt, then signals the rat.

He notices the rats all seem to have some kind of pack mind gestalt, and are able to communicate, so he assumes that what he witnesses is repeated 11 more times across the city plane. He watches as the rat cracks open and drinks the vial, grows massively in size, and bashes out through the wall, eating the sigil as it goes. It keeps growing chaotically before bursting in a mess of fur and guts. PPJ uses the confusion to sneak off, hearing sounds suggesting this has indeed happened elsehwere. He checks the astral and sees that the ritual seems disrupted, so calls it job done.

Feeling a light tug on his pants leg, he looks down to find another rat, which once again guides him deeper and deeper into the sewers. He goes even further down this time, taking Guts again to stave off the fear and nerves, and securing the small package he was given by the Rat King after testing it’s water-proofness. Reaching a junction of a number of sewage pipes, where there is a whirlpool at the confluence, the rat indicates they should enter, and they do.

They swirl around madly and PPJ loses track of space and time, barely managing to hold his breath and keep it together, before emerging in some more “normal” looking sewers. The rat that came with him hacks up some foul liquid, and then heads off down a narrow ledge, so PPJ follows. After a completely confusing series of twists and turns, he enters a larger cavernous space, where crudely carved rock suddenly gives way to a large rug topped with a fully laden dining table.

Behind the table sits a huge, somewhat stony man, who is eating from the feast at the table using disturbingly spindly long arms. The rat approaches, and they briefly confer, possibly using some magic, before the rat hops on the table and joins in the feast. The man summons Pepperjack over and introduces himself as Doublewide. PPJ notices that he is standing on top of a covered pit trap, and after commenting on it and making a strange but decent impressions, Doublewide offers to allow him to leave and guide him out if PPJ will do a task for him.

Not seeing other good options, and nervous about whatever large hungry thing is in the pit, he agrees, and a Watcher spirit takes him out. PPJ is surprised to emerge via a ladder (once again thoroughly lost) into the Smoky Hill Bazaar in the Aurora Warrens. He calls the team and Otters smuggles him out with the VTOL. They debrief at the safehouse about their assorted activities since they last saw each other, and then they notice that the Watcher followed PPJ to the safehouse. Getting a little concerned about opsec, they debate destroying it, but decide to merely use some subterfuge instead since it hasn’t manifest.

PPJ heads to the IOND and chats with Darien Black about his adventures, feeling like he may have finally made a bit of a good impression. Black also converses with the Watcher, and convinces it to stay in PPJ’s room at the IOND until he finishes his task and reports in, whence it can return to Doublewide, apparently also bearing a message from Black as well. PPJ rejoins the team, prepared to dig in, before they brief him on their upcoming job, with travel to LA already booked. They also hear that a lot of fixers, fences, talismongers and the like around town have been getting raided by the ZDF in the aftermath of the theft at the seized foci vault, but the team seems to have avoided implication in the attack, so far…..

They decide to party for now, and start getting ready for the NYE party/performance. Heat edits together a supercut of rats and ZCorp stuff, sped way up, to accompany his set. Aradia gets help from the team to put together a promotional text for, and spread the word of, a new group called the Order of the Garter that she is hoping to build up into a magical + mundane sex worker and other people association and magic order. Allie, Jan Drysik, Indy Chrysanthos, Cauldron, Sparks Junipero, Trinket, and the Mistress of Mana reply that they are interested.

Worried about Black Lodge infiltration given recent history, Aradia also asks PPJ to help vet new members, and pays Kobold to do some digging on the people she’s unfamiliar with who express interest. Creep sends a love letter to Tilda Aurand, or more of a proposition really, to which she replies positively. They arrange to have a matrix sex hang for the new year’s and Creep stocks up on old school VR hotsim tech for the occasion, telling StepMAMA to KO him if he seems to get link locked or stays in there too long. She is still talking with a strange medieval flourish.

The rest of the team head to the concert, finally given the secret location at a Reservoir in the Warrens! The Detective is excited for potential flotation in the biggest bath tub yet, Aradia and PPJ plan to take some party drugs, and Heat is playing. Otters wanders the crowd, vibing. The first performer, Songpaqqq, sings along to a pack of 10 Song Dogs, who circulate the audience, eliciting tips and chill feelings. Otters has a friendly interaction with one dog, and sees another one knock a drunk grabby guy on his ass with a loud discordant burst of bass. The dogs’ fur shifts in time to the music, making for a very hypnotic experience.

As that set finishes and the sun goes down, the crowd turns a little rowdier, and some local gangers start setting off fireworks. Aradia and PPJ take their doses as Heat starts his intense, rapid pace, set. They peak just as he finishes, with his ZCorp video playing on a hacked ad blimp floating over the reservoir. ZDF drones start showing up as the gangers set off more larger fireworks, the crowd still seems in generally good spirits. Glock .50 plays a quick, hard set, opening with a cover of “Hearts of Chrome” with Johnny Silver on guest vocals.

This is a big hit with the crowd, and the gangers finish off the fireworks with some airburst smoke clouds to give all the attendees cover to get out of there as more ZDF crowd control drones start to mass. Partied out, the team returns to the safehouse and rests. The next day, Heat calls Stiletto and they figure out transit and ID’s for LA. The team stock up on some necessary gear, and head out, using what seems to be a decommissioned UCAS cargo plane to fly out, landing at a private airfield outside LA, and taking a locally provided van to the no-tell motel that Stiletto has rented some rooms at. They stash their gear in the smuggling compartment in the van and sleep, ready to start surveillance the next day. Heat calls the number he was given and sets up a meeting with Gary Cline.

Arriving at the Horizon HQ in downtown LA the next morning, Heat just walks right in and up, greeted warmly by many, and surprised at the lowkey security. He enters Cline’s office and gets a hearty handshake and back slap, admiring Cline’s artful dress and chiselled physique, as well as the low profile magical and matrix security provided by what can only be ResonANTs lining the spaces around the windows (assuming they aren’t just screens?). Regardless, a commanding view, and Heat has to really make an effort to play it cool as Cline makes him some rich, thick Turkish coffee.

He holds it together and has a fairly interesting, though cliche-strewn, conversation, and gets some offers of future work and opportunities for advancement, in exchange for Horizon helping Heat and team keep a low profile- making sure they stay off the radar of those they don’t want to be noticed by. Cline is quite friendly but also quickly runs out of time, and Heat is ushered out, once again clearly guided and moved along by friendly corp personnel. He emerges back into the LA sunshine, and wanders over to where the team has begun their surveillance.

The rest of the team spent the morning driving around, noticing a number of sinkholes and craters throughout Downtown that seem to be an established part of the environment. They don’t bother to investigate and stay on task. Amazingly, they find The Auditor in the predicted area of activity with relative ease. He seems to be meandering the streets, engaged in casual conversation with assorted customers in various cafes and restaurants. Aradia and Creep do some surveillance as Otters keeps the van moving, having spotted some sort of opps team in a similar van who also spotted them.

Creep also sees that The Auditor has some closer in on foot security who look to be the adept team from Denver. They listen in for a bit as The Auditor asks assorted strange questions of various civilians, very politely, always leaving behind some kind of small gem or token. Aradia approaches, and has a similar interaction, though The Auditor appears to detect some deception from her. She does get a token though, which with a quick analysis seems to be some kind of minor expendable luck effect. Creep sneaks along as The Auditor continues wandering, entering assorted businesses, eating at food carts, and rarely repeating a question.

Otters loses the other van, but hangs back from the surveillance, as Creep and Aradia see the opps van pull back into the area. They follow The Auditor until he enters a fancy downtown hotel just before midnight. Creep stays there overnight, and spots the opps van parked in a nearby alley. No other activity of note occurs until the mid-morning, when The Auditor emerges again, and continues the activities of the previous day. Creep rests a bit in the van while the rest of the team carefully pursues. After another day of wandering and conversing, The Auditor returns to his hotel at the exact same time as the previous night.

Aradia summons a spirit to keep watch with PPJ the next night, and they post up. They also decide to feel out the opps van, so Creep uses his LRAD, bounced off some mirrors to conceal his location, to get in touch. Heat has a secure digital meeting with their rigger, Cosworth, who seems like a real chill surfer bro, but a little cleverer than he pretends. They confirm that Cosworth and team are local pro’s hired on as additional security, but told only to get involved if any kind of threat approaches. So they are happy to extend pro courtesy to the team so long as they stick to surveillance and hang back from a threatening distance, as Heat promises to tip them off if they see any threats approaching.

Once again, nothing happens overnight, though The Auditor starts his day at the exact same time again. The day proceeds as expected, and the team is starting to get a little nervous, so they check in with Stiletto, who urges them to watch for variations, as they think about old spy tactics and the like. They’ve also noticed that The Auditor never carries tech, leaving that to his adept bodyguards. After another full day of strange conversations, they see The Auditor head back to the hotel at the same time again, though this time he smoothly heads straight through the lobby and dips out the back to hop in a limo with the adepts, seemingly having ditched his in-town hired help.

Otters gives chase, and manages to follow the limo to a bar called The Deep Diver which is directly adjacent to an especially large sinkhole, which is full of water, and has some docks in it for submersibles and the like. The bar has multiple levels and seems to be hopping, and also has a few rooftop landing pads. PPJ watches the parking lot and front entrance, Otters takes drones up to watch the roof, and The Detective slips around back to watch the docks. Aradia, Creep and Heat all head inside, Heat and Creep paying cover charges, and post up around the room, though Heat is mostly too busy dancing to get much intel.

They spot The Auditor at a well-guarded booth in the corner, and Heat notices his mask occasionally slips and he seems like some sort of outsider watching ants under a magnifying glass, or animals in a zoo, as he observes the dance floor. Creep hides out once inside and palms the laser mic out, though The Auditor seems to just be drinking by himself. After some time passes, The Auditor suddenly stands, moves smoothly through the crowd and up the stairs to the private areas, with 2 adept guards behind while the other 2 start patrolling. Venue security closes off the stairs, seemingly having something pre-arranged.

Otters, outside, see one of the adepts check a balcony and pull shut some heavy curtains over the glass doors in one room, and gets Morticia to put a laser mic on it. Creep sneaks into the back and sends himself up to that room in the dumbwaiter. Heat starts poking at the matrix security for the club. TD sees two tough-looking individuals show up at the docks in retractable top sub, and hop out, heading into the club through the service entrance and being allowed up the stairs.

They enter the room with The Auditor and between Creep and Moritica, the team gets a pretty clear recording of the 2 new arrivals meeting with The Auditor, before The Auditor seemingly detects something and insists they relocate. They all quickly link up with the adepts, load into the sub, and descend into the water in the sinkhole. The team is worried they’ve lost the lead, but manage to glean enough info from running the new arrivals in Mona Lisa and reviewing what they got of their conversation to have some leads. The new arrivals are smugglers from the Dark Wave Syndicate, with one of them, a Chinese ork named Gow, being possibly quite high up.

The other smuggler was chastised during the meeting for mentioning “Green Water Bay”, and Otters knows this a kind of smuggler legend, which they confirm with Stiletto. Supposedly it was a mostly completed aquacology when the LA Lacuna occurred, breaking it from it’s moorings and supposedly vanishing. However, rumors have long circulated that some lucky scavengers found it deep in a Lacuna cavern and started rehabbing it, turning it into a major PacRim smuggling hub. The team doesn’t have great leads on location yet but at least knows where to start looking.

Heat tries to convince Stiletto that they finished the job, but she is way too worried about the “secret project that is ahead of schedule” that The Auditor eluded to, which they are on there way to check in on, and insists they stick with it, promising bonus pay plus medical, in addition to transit back to Denver and a promise of future work. They agree, and prepare to start investigating the mysteries of the Deep Lacuna….

Foamer Heist
3/4/2024, 10:53:29 AM
Runners
Creep
The Detective
Otters aka Roadkill
Heat
Aradia

With the intel packet, blueprints and key provided by Niki The Gardiner, the team starts doing some recon for the heist, hoping to fit it in before the New Year’s blowout that Heat is planning to play. They do some matrix research on the train museum, and find an archaic messageboard for train fans, it seems to be a very small group of volunteers and regular attendees who keep the place going as best they can, but it seems like it is not popular. Heat is able to detect a hidden, high powered host running silent behind the shitty public website, but decides not to chance hacking it right now.

Looking at the blueprints, they see that the space underneath the museum was built by the early UCAS as some sort of fallout shelter/archive, but may never have been actually activated. Regardless it seems like digital records of it were lost in one of the other of the matrix crashes, making it a good secret vault- aside from the fact that someone found the original plans! They ID a guard shed and elevator control room camouflaged as a rusting shipping container set atop a concrete pad which was poured over the open shaft that they excavated the facility through back in the 2010’s.

They are able to find a small, covered, hatch that leads to the maintenance ladder for the elevator, which they assume is what the key they were given should open. Aradia does an astral flyby and sees that there’s likely a ward under the concrete pad, though she can’t get a close look, as well as a half dozen watcher spirits circling idly. The 4 guards that were supposed to be onsite are there but seem relaxed, even bored. Seems likely to be a mostly chill assignment. Due to the museum’s current limited hours, and general state of dilapidation there is noone else onsite.

Otters sneaks the van over and hides it in some mountainside scrub nearby, using the track mod to offroad. She then hooks up to the Valkyrie Module jic and takes Morticia and the VTOL on a surveillance pass, and keeps an eye on the place for the better part of a day. She sees a few volunteers from the foamer board come and tend to the place a bit, but it is obviously an overwhelming amount of work and it is engaged in some visible entropy, which Heat and Aradia have identified as a good way to stir up the messageboard if needed.

Otters sees a shift change, and confirms that there are likely 5 guards underground as well as the 4 above, 3 of whom seem magical. With that, the rest of the team makes their plan, stocks up on gear, and heads over. Aradia and TD cosplay as concerned parents, Heat hacks a school in neighboring Castle Rock to send a few buses full of children on a field trip to the train museum in Front Range and then gets a rideshare over, Creep sneaks over with all the explosives and alchemical preparations. As the school buses pull up, Otters leaves the van and heads into the trainyard from the back with the snake drone accompanying.

Aradia, Heat and TD stir up the messageboard and get a bunch of volunteers over to try to corral the children, and play up some internal disputes in the group, with Heat posing as an obnoxious lurker. TD assigns themselves to crowd control, while staying on comms to provide leadership as needed, and the rest of the team uses the distraction of the field trip chaos to get into position. They get lucky in that the topside guards apparently decide this isn’t their business and all head back inside their guard shed to stop having to answer questions from children about their guns.

Creep pops the invisibility and silence potions prepped by Trinket, and sneaks up to the concrete pad, carefully chipping out the thin concrete above the maintenance hatch and moving it off the side, hiding it in some weedy overgrowth. He carefully uses the key to open the hatch, glad of the silence spell given what was likely some noisy resistance from the old mechanism. TD creates a crowd distraction for Otters and Heat to dash up to the hatch as well, while Aradia approaches invisibly. Luckily she has trained in ward pushing, and just baaaaarely manages to get the team through without tripping it, in two pairs. They all drop most of their spells, with Aradia skillfully sloughing off her invisibility just as she transits.

Creep sneaks to the bottom, still invisible, with the snake drone, and peeks out- with the elevator at the top, the main shaft is otherwise open, they have just a tiny amount of cover in the maintenance ladder shaft adjacent, and Creep is also able to spot the housing for the elevator drive chain as well as the newer tacked on cable housing for the matrix hardline. Looking out into the lobby at the bottom, Creep sees the guard booth as depicted in the blueprints, and sees three bored looking guards sitting inside snacking, 2 mundane and 1 magical, but they don’t see him.

The other 2 mages are visible beyond them in a the large, low-ceilinged storage area, filled with hundreds of seized foci, each individually cased in what looks like clear plastic. Creep sneaks back up the ladder til he’s out of LOS, and then magnet hands over to the cable housing, cracking it open and inserting a data tap, allowing Heat to hack in. Heat is horrified to see that this still has super intense security, and is glad he compiled a small sprite to keep IC off his back. He does manage to get in and start squelching comms from below.

Creep then opens the elevator drive housing, and cuts it with the mini-welder, deciding to stay stealthy instead of setting explosive. Otters gets the snake into position at the bottom and keeps an eye on the guards while Creep sneaks up to the armored door and starts planting the det cord before army crawling off to the side right by one of the windows. Up top TD has gotten the volunteers to fire up some of the engines and start tooting the horns, and befriends a strange and lonely child whose name is Henry but who insists on being called “Henri”. He seems unusually astute but TD can tell he makes the others a bit uncomfortable.

Heat gets a little further into the system, continuing to keep everything looking normal while blocking comms and controls, and Creep blows the door- unfortunately it doesn’t quite get through (not enough det cord!) so he blasts through the latch with the elephant gun. Luckily the guards didn’t have time to engage the additional security bolts. Otters sneaks the snake drone in and KO’s one of the guards. Aradia launches a spell of Foreboding and overwhelms the remaining guards’ mental defenses, though she can see the two in the storage area in back taking cover.

Otters KO’s another one as Creep jams his foot in the door to keep it from shutting and shoots the other, destroying his armor. Creep and Aradia both get hit with some heavy magical energy from the two in back, and Creep is nearly killed. Otters gets the drone into the back and KO’s another mage with a super lucky shot, before Creep blows the guts out of the guard he shot previously, who had fled Aradia’s spell and taken cover. Aradia manages to counter the next spell, and Otters KO’s the final mage.

Heat has taken all their devices down where they are linked to the host, keeping their auto-injectors and biomonitors from triggering, while Aradia does a quick assensing and her and Creep grab the two highest force foci. Heat reports that his sprite warned him off and he has to flee the system, so they retreat, racing back to the ladder as all the devices and comms come back online. They see the elevator start to descend, and then crash down the second half of the shaft as Creep’s sabotage comes into effect. Creep chucks a few thermal smoke grenades behind to cover their escape.

They see the remaining two guards up top looking down the elevator shaft after the fallen car, and all manage to hide in the maintenance ladder aside from Aradia, who gets tagged with a full burst from one of their auto-rifles, nearly falling but managing to keep her grip. Creep swings out on his magnet hand and takes a shot in response, sending one guard flailing back from the edge. The other guard blasts Creep, nearly killing him and knocking him out, though he stays magneted to the wall for now.

The rest of the team has gotten to the top of the of the ladder, with Otters racing the van up towards their position once in comms range. She takes a shot using Creep’s part open cyber-eye feed, blasting the guard inside the guard shed off screen with a full auto burst from the HMG. Otters is then knocked over and injured by the remaining guard while trying to run to the van herself, firing in the air to clear children. Otters plays dead for the moment, while Heat KO’s the final guard with S’N’S.

TD exfiltrates and heads for the team while trying to direct children away from the firefight, and Heat heads back into the ladder to try to save Creep, though he’s so slow that Aradia has to use a levitate to actually get Creep out of there, though she lets Heat pretend he was doing it as they all load into the van. Aradia destroys two Watcher spirits that are following as they flee into the mountains, with the rest retreating or remaining behind. Otters maxes out the stealth on the van and takes the most difficult route possible to limit pursuit, and some of the team spot border patrol drones looking for them nearby. Aradia cleans up their astral space to make them less trackable.

However, they make good their escape, and re-camo the van, heading back onto city streets from mountain rural roads. They hook Creep up to the Valkyrie and wake him up, and bust open the reagent cases after checking for trackers and traps and get those into the biofiber bag. They head for the meet with Niki, wanting to ditch the objects ASAP. After confirming their quality, she pays up and seems delighted by their success, though she warns them again to not tell anyone about this. She says Vishala will be thrilled and will have more work soon, for sure, as well as maybe some of her other regular Johnsons.

They take their pay and head back to the safehouse, planning to chill until the NYE celebration. They get a call from Stiletto directly this time, offering an opportunity for another surveillance job against The Auditor, this time with travel to LA- Heat is thrilled and says they will accept in the new year! As he really wants to go to LA and follow up on his meeting offer with Gary Cline, CEO of Horizon. The rest of the team agrees, though with some reluctance given’s Heat’s love of CEO’s….

Across the Astral Sea
2/27/2024, 1:21:05 PM
Runners
Creep
The Detective
Otters aka Roadkill
Heat
Aradia

PPJ stays behind to work on disrupting the ZCorp end of the ritual, with Barkins offering to help him contact some of the various Blackjacks and Anarchs that have previously tried to destroy the Taco Temple analogues here. Aradia warns PPJ again of rumors that the Black Lodge has made bargains with Blackjacks in the past of unknown specification, and he promises to watch his back. The rest of the team bust out the Map of the Astral Ways and the Sextant of World copy, which impress Barkins, who says if they are ever looking to part with such items or if they can uncover the secrets of their manufacture, he knows many clients who would pay well for the info.

With some skilled analysis of the magical trail heading out of the plane, and some navigational assistance from Creep and Otters, the team figures out that they need to either go way up or way down- the plane can’t be exited at it’s edges, as they had encountered while scouting TT locations with Barkins. Deciding to avoid the domain of the Rat King for now, they all link hands and Aradia uses a powerful levitate spell in concert with a high force illusion to make them look like one of the aircars they see zipping by over head.

With The Detective’s gift at leadership, they are able to inspire Aradia to safely fly them up and out of the plane without any altercations, though their relatively slow speed almost results in a number of crashes and the near misses are shocking enough. They avoid the white spire at the center of the plane but edge near to it and slip out into a wide expanse of twilit white sand dunes. The dunes seem to move although the “air” seems still, and they realize that there is no obvious light source to explain the dusky shadows.

Still levitating, they continue following the magical trail, with Aradia doing some impressive work to keep an eye on it while also floating the whole team along and keeping an eye on the Map and Sextant as well, with TD, Creep and Otters all helping. Heat mostly is just overwhelmed by the strangeness though he plays it real cool, especially as there no traces of the matrix out here. Creep spots distant changes in the sand that might be strange ruins or could be the entrances to other metaplanes, but they steer clear, not seeking additional adventure at the moment.

After they’ve travelled for an indeterminate amount of time, they close in on what they think must be Carcean’s location, if they trust their map, which they partially verify using Creep’s Geiger counter to check Miggon’s rough proximity, and avoid it. They enter into the plane, but in the transition, Aradia loses the trail they were following. They find themselves in a dilapidated medieval European plague village, which Creep ID’s from the architecture. He scales a bell tower near the center of the small hamlet and takes a look around the plane, while Aradia is almost lured into a well by the sound of buzzing flies, which as she gets closer seem to almost resolve into a decipherable voice.

Heat, TD, and the mule drone (which has gone through a series of strange transitions in all the plane hopping, now looking donkey like) manage to haul Aradia back from the edge and she mostly snaps out of it, though remains curious. Creep reports back that he spotted a bunch of different small areas separated by wide expanses of barren, dead terrain. Each area looks like an analogue for a different historical plague, with more temporally recent ones being the furthest from their current location. Checking the map and sextant, they see that although it focuses slightly on the plane they are on it does not given them specific internal information- so seems primarily useful for navigating the endless dune sea between planes.

Creep also spotted two areas of movement nearish-by: a large excavation of some sort at a closeby jungly area, and what looks like a post-apocalyptic go-gang traveling through the dead zone between plague villages. The team wonders if this is the all-vamp go-gang from Miggon that they had heard of, but are unsure what they are doing here, so decide to steer clear for now and check out the excavation. Sneaking over, with TD helping Heat get the hang of the “sneaky peeky” maneuver, they spy a large collection of AZT-brand earth movers and excavators, strung up with chains laden with alchemical preparations.

After some analysis, Aradia suggests that these are likely to keep the machines from adapting to the local paradigm, and Creep and Aradia recognize the gear that the people working them are wearing as also being for the same purpose, looking like more advanced/mechanical versions of their shadow cloaks. These bring to mind both the APEP Consortium’s “rift jumper” suits and ARES’ Encounter suits that the team found data on courtesy of Dr. Aurand. They watch for a bit, and Heat is able to scrape a little intel from the local WorkNET that the excavation expedition is running to link up comms and gear.

What they learn is that this is likely an AZT opp, based in Miggon, excavating plague pits and other burial sites/corpses here to seek material for experimentation (this likely also implies weaponization though it is not stated). The guards seems to have control over the suit functions of most of the workers, implying that the staff here isn’t likely all volunteer, or even necessarily willing. The alchemists seems to be the only Awakened in the group, and Aradia confirms that the background counts are pretty bad, so that checks out.

After they watch a while, and see the workers separating flesh from bone from the excavated burial pit, they see a post-apocalyptic truck roll up, slowly turning more and more anachronistic and starting to shift to the local paradigm. A group of Gnawers emerge and seem to engage in a trade of scrap parts and reagents for the bones the AZT excavators have set aside, before hurrying on their way before their truck fully finishes it’s transformation. It also looks like AZT site security had been expecting this visit and had deployed to counter any threat from the Gnawers, so as they redeploy to a more regular perimeter, the team sneaks off, not wanting to get spotted.

Avoiding further plague towns, they do occasionally feel called towards them though TD and Heat hold the group together. Otters and Aradia are having an especially hard time, and the team is a little worried at seeing their shadow cloaks decaying faster than the others. They see other plague villages filled with strange acolytes worshipping dark spirits and engaging in disturbing rituals, but manage to stay their course as they head towards the more historically recent area. As they reach the mid-2000’s VITAS analogue zone, they spot a chance to ambush the vamp biker gang and take it, having spotted that they are carrying captives.

Heat and Creep manage to drop the first two bikers in the ambush, but after coming under attack from the survivors, Heat forgoes saving the hostages and blows up their bikes and gear with a grenade, though the remaining vamps escape in mist form. Aradia considers giving chase but as the only assensor abandons that plan. They search the two semi-intact bikes, and free those two captives, though Creep quickly shoots one of them in the head to everyone’s surprise, before he explains that it was another Pepper-Jack who was also bleeding purple!

The lone survivor turns out to be some sort of fire elemental person made of cracked rock and caked ash, and introduces himself as Absolom, saying he will owe them a favor for the rescue, and asking if he can take the one useable bike and be on his way, saying that he was captured along his trade route when he swung too close to Miggon at one of the points where it connects to the Plane of Fire. He gives them his info should they find themselves there in future, and takes off quickly before they change their mind.

Aradia levitates the PPJ body along with them as they continue, figuring it might be useful. They find the most recent area of the plane, which looks to be some kind of bizarre combo of a number of different metropoli from around the world- London, Lagos, Hong Kong, Metropole, Berlin, but most predominantly, Seattle. Aradia stashes the PPJ bod in a HK style alley near the edge of this area. As they venture in, they find that it seems to be growing and shifting around them, as if it isn’t fully there yet- they find it occasionally seems transluscent, and more of their cloaks burn off as they try to hold onto their senses of self.

Using Otters’ drone skills (which she seems happier to focus on) the team avoids the Myrmidon patrols throughout the branching streets and alleys, and Aradia is finally able to get a bead on the ritual- interestingly, they seem to have once again cleansed the mana in this area thoroughly, so she should be able to cast freely as well. They spot another ritual circle of 12 infected mages, maintaining what Aradia thinks might be a Blood Gestalt- a sort of horrifying pooling of sacrificial energies to attain some large scale magic. This is likely where the hostages were bound, so death by grenade may have been the preferable outcome after all….

They also spot 6 reserve mages resting in a small camp setup, and worst of all, a scarred but very much alive Martin DeVries prowling the perimeter, with both his enchanted knife and now with a burnt axe with the word “White” carved in the haft. They decide now’s the time to use the strange Tarot card they got on ZCorp, so Creep activates, slicing his palms open with the edges as the cards melts and flows into his hands, healing the wounds. He gets a sort of 6th Sense of DeVries’ location, which they use to plot another ambush. Heat overclocks his augs to the max, and everyone loads up on drugs.

They our fire down on DeVries with Heat focusing on cracking his armor while Creep blasts him with wood pulp rounds to keep him from regenerating. Otters focuses fire with the mule drone on the resting reserve mages to keep them distracted while Aradia uses spells and dispelling to blunt DeVries’ magical powers. Otters hooks up a chunk of C4 to the snake drone and starts it crawling towards the ritual to try to disrupt it. DeVries goes after Creep, worried about the wood pulp, and Creep just barely heroically dodges as they dump more fire on him. The team comes under psychic assault from the pinned down reserve mages, taking some heavy damage.

They finally stagger DeVries but are horrified as the demon statue amulet he wears around his neck glows and he rises again. They blast through his recast armor spell and both Heat and Creep take called shots on the amulet, cracking and bursting it into an orb of strange green energy, which badly injures Creep before he is felled by another psychic attack. They team hears screams from a number of different voices emerging from the sickly, crackling sphere of energy, but there is no sing of DeVries, so they think they got him.

Otters detonates the C4 and Heat and the Mule dump fire on the ritual until it collapses, and start picking off mages as they desperately try to hold the Blood Gestalt under their power as it starts sucking them dry, the team horrified to watch as multiple mages at a time go from grape to raisin as their fluids are drained into the massive growing Blood Spirit in the center of the ritual space. They fire on the floating chunk of strange onyx metal there and it shatters, blasting the rest of the mages with shrapnel and critically distracting them, allowing the Blood Spirit to consume the remainder of them.

TD has been sneaking around confirming kills on any fallen Infected mages with their flame thrower, and dashes back towards the team as Aradia also goes down from spell damage. Heat starts collecting everyone together around Creep’s body and frantically searching in his leg for the Aes Sidhe Banrigh card as well as the sprig of wheat they had bought for just such an occasion. As the Blood Spirit speaks some horrifying word that their brains can hardly comprehend, Otters and even TD quail in terror, leaving only Heat to get them out of there.

In a panic, he fumbles the deck and Tarot cards go flying everywhere, though he manages to grab the ASB one and light the wheat. The card disappears into a cloud of smoke, and it smells faintly foresty. Pulling as hard as his overclocked limbs can, and controlling the mule through the TacNET, Heat manages to get everyone moving or sliding or being dragged into the smoke, and just keep walking, kicking a few Tarot cards along with where he can.

As the last of most of their shadow cloaks burn off, they find themselves atop some of pillar of stone, surrounded by windows overlooking various forest scenes around what seems to be a large castle. Heat slaps medkits and trauma patches on everyone and at TD and Otters gradually overcome their terror they start helping too. They get Creep and Aradia revived, and use the map and sextant to confirm that they indeed at the Seelie Court. Heat reports feeling as if the smoke could have lead them various places, so they feel lucky to be in a closed chamber with noone else around?

After they heal and debrief on what just occurred, they are surprised by a knock at the door, and the entrance of two beings who look near identical, except one seems slightly spectral. As he questions them about who they are, how they arrived here, and what they seek, he gradually seems friendlier and friendlier, though they seem almost unable to deceive him. After name-dropping their team as “Hired Power”, he introduces himself as Niall O’Connor, and say it was lucky it was he that discovered them. He instructs his spectral ally Mathanas to remain and watch the door, and he becomes more corporeal, to the point that the two men are indistinguishable.

They talk Mathanas into making some magical furniture for them to rest on, and providing some healing, and then merely wait as some of their cloaks are fully gone and they’ve been warned about eating and drinking in this place. Looking out the various windows, they notice that they don’t seem to have a contiguous view, which is confusing. After what seems like a few hours, Niall returns and says that he has secured a deal to get them back to material plane destination of their choosing (they request Denver), and in exchange for intel on what they just encountered as well as the location of the dropped Tarot cards, he upgrades their astral map with a deft hand.

He instructs them to wait til nightfall, leaving Mathanas on guard, and returns then with cloaks for them to wear, explaining there is a large ball this evening which they will use as cover for moving through the castle unnoticed. He takes them down a series of stairs and passages, with them all working hard to stay together and not be tempted off by strange and delightful smells and sounds just around a corner here or there. They enter some lower levels of the castle, and continue descending, finding themselves eventually transitioning from passageways of stone to earth, entering what Aradia and Creep recognize as a system of Passage Graves.

This seems to lead them outside the walls, as they eventually emerge in a forested grove where they find a cozy cabin waiting. Niall lights a fire and seats them around it, telling them to focus on the flame, as he and their surrounding drift backwards. After a moment of darkness and confusion, they find themselves waking up the the distinct sunrise of the material plane, with a Fomorian troll cooking breakfast in another cozy cottage. He serves them up food, blending some for Creep, and welcomes them back to Earth. He says his name is Dan and he’ll be arranging passage for them from here. After asking some questions about ways and means, he warns them to stay away from the crackling rift outside the cottage, and leaves to contact some people.

He provides them a Satlink to make a quick call to Ringmaster with a basic mission debrief, and then they rest and eat until he loads them up in a cloaked zodiac, and gets them aboard a fishing vessel with a Scouser crew, who get them ashore in England, where they are picked up by a Transit van and driven to Heathrow. They take a suborbital, while all their gear is smuggled separately on a cargo flight to Dean Costello’s “import/export” warehouse, which Aradia calls to arrange with him. They arrive back in Denver after an impressively quick flight, and Otters goes to pick up the van while the rest of the team heads to the warehouse.

They pay off Dean, grab their gear, and get it all stowed again, before calling Ringmaster back for a more thorough debrief. Ringmaster is excited about their success, though PPJ has yet to return, so they’ll have to see what happened in ZCorp still. Also, Taco Temple remains a global presence, and has just opened their first orbital branch on ZO with “more to come”, but an analysis of their food shows that although the Carcean reagent is still present in some of it, it seems inert at this point. So they chalk it up to job well done, and get some payout. They also give a general metaplanar debrief, and Ringmaster pitches them on being a dual-realm ops team for Grey Cell, which they agree to, since many of their number are excited for more metaplanar jaunts.

He also reports some optional paydata follow-ups: apparently an SK exec is the father of the lead on the team of dwarves who died shutting down the Earthside Ordo ritual, and the exec was able to salvage at least some bits of his daughter. He’s put out the word that he’s looking for solid connections to “brain in a jar” sustainability and also seeking copies of the “Jack’B’Nimble” program or other means of reliably creating e-ghosts, so it seems like whatever state his daughter is in is not currently sustainable. Since Ringmaster thinks a high level SK exec would be good to have in pocket for Grey Cell, he encourages the team to pass along any relevant leads.

He also suggests that Heat ought to seek out contact with Perri/the Nexus about what he noticed in ZCorp and the Seelie Court- it seems like their local matrix analogues are changing, and are more present than has been previously reported. Ringmaster says that Perri has been throwing around terms like “nous” and the “the noosphere” referring to a new investigation of hers, and suggests the team could get involved in that. He also thanks them for the note from ZCorp and says that once/if he is able to confirm it, he will likely have more work for them, and that it could be a pretty big deal if true, and not a trap. He is disturbed of what the AZT excavators on Carcean could mean for their bioweapons division, but is also intrigued as he has heard rumors of them working on an HMHVV “cure” as well.

He takes his leave for the time being, welcoming them back to Earth. The team is also relieved that not much time has passed- it seems like the bulk of their time in the metaplanes was actually spent roaming the astral sea, which seems odd in retrospect, but they are glad to have had the shadow cloaks, which seem to have done their job well, as they were only gone for 4 days or so in total. Back in Denver, and needing to restock on some expended gear, they accept a call from Niki the Gardener about another job, once again for Vishala, the femme fatale that PPJ and Heat lost their cool over after the previous job.

Niki runs the meet and gives the details: a big payday (which Heat negotiates up, feeling he maxed out the new fixer’s budget) for a risky gig- stealing high force foci from ZDF impound! As summoning is illegal, summoning foci are often seized by the ZDF, and Niki has a line on where they keep the seizures. She passes along some solid recon intel, as well as a maintenance key to the facility. She offers bonus pay for bonus foci, at least of a certain quality level, and tells the team they are welcome to keep some for themselves but that she doubts any fence in town would take them, and warns the team that if they are caught with them, especially bonded to them, it would be big trouble.

With those caveats in mind, they are welcome to do as they will! Niki requests the team keep this on the DL, even from Cat and other trusted fixers, given the riskiness. They take off, excited to plan a regular old heist.

Meatcab for Cuties
2/19/2024, 11:11:34 AM
Runners
Creep
The Detective
Otters aka Roadkill
Pepper Jack
Heat
Aradia

Otters, TD, Heat and Aradia head to the dinner, with Otters using her high lifestyle SIN and the rest posing as her entourage. Heat and Aradia do some social engineering to figure out dress codes and appropriate behavior. Creep tags along as a bodyguard, figuring this will give him a little more leeway to wander. PPJ stays nearby offsite to act as backup or distraction if needed. The team goes in light other than Creep who sneaks in a polymer pistol using his excellent palming.

They get a good look at the high end security at Above It All, as well as the commanding views from the roof, which are broadcast on trid screens throughout the restaurant’s lower levels. Creep spots a few different scanners, seemingly MAD and explosive, and also some covert security personnel dressed as staff who don’t seem to be performing any of the duties of the other staff on hand, which gives them away. There are also more overt security in the lobby, as well as some other client’s bodyguards.

Heat maps out the matrix system as best he can- not many cameras or sensors, only on the entrances, and there is an offsite spider keeping an eye on it, though probably not dedicated to solely this location. The host doesn’t look to have anything nefarious, just booking, book-keeping, client list etc. So potential payday but nothing needed for this job. Heat also gets the list of sources of the restaurant’s fresh, local fare, which is proudly advertised on the menu, and which he is able to source back to various local farms and smallscale livestock operations in the nearby area.

Aradia checks out the astral and finds the security mage on-site and watching for trouble, as promised, as well as the extensive wards in addition to the dense greenery surrounding the rooftop of espaliers and trellises. She does it sneakily enough to not get spotted, and doesn’t see any other magical staff, though once again some of the other patrons and their security have various levels of ability. Otters does a comms check, and while the restaurant’s jammers are high quality, knows she can punch through as needed.

They all do some social team-work to get a little more intel from the waiter, and Creep wanders a bit, seeing that the entrances to the staff areas require RFIDs to enter, and that the well-surveilled and guarded elevator is the only obvious path between levels. Aradia flirts with the bartender a bit and hears that it gets pretty windy on the roof, so they take that into account with their plan. After they leave, Otters does a few stealth drone fly-bys of the roof, getting a good look, and they decide to rest for the night.

The next day, they stock up on supplies, with Creep buying some additional mic options, as well as a custom ghillie suit at a hunting supplier to match the greenery on the roof, and an emergency parachute in case he needs to make a quick escape. That night after the restaurant closes, Otters stealthily drops Creep onto the green roof, with Creep landing and moving carefully to not sink in enough to hit the ward. He finds a sturdy position and hunkers down to wait. Heat scouts out some bars nearby that are open various hours, and finds the team non-obvious positions to come hang out the next evening for the job, in case they are needed.

Creep watches the restaurant slowly open back up the next day as the team rests elsewhere, returning to the bars nearby in the late afternoon. Otters waits to gets drones up until Creep reports sighting the first of the two targets: Wade Takao, the Evo regional VP, who shows up with two cybered-up bodyguards. Upsettingly, one of them seems to notice Creep’s small burst of comms traffic, so Creep decides to go full matrix silence for the rest of the job. He also hid well enough that Otters is unable to spot him with the support drone she launches, but Heat monitors comms traffic a bit and doesn’t any suspicious increase from the restaurant, so they assume Creep has gone dark for a good reason but hasn’t been spotted.

Meanwhile, the guard keeps looking around but is unable to find Creep as he repositions for a better view of the table, after Takao insists on switching to a different one than initially offered. A short while later, a gangly hairless man instantly identifiable as The Auditor arrives, with his own security detail. These 4 individuals, moving lithely around the rooftop to take up positions at all the corners, look like adepts to Creep, and also he notes that they seem to be making a point of merely observing for threats while Takao is obviously in charge or counter-surveillance and the like.

This seems like another power play of some sort, and Creep also makes note of The Auditor’s well-concealed but apparent distate for Takao. The Auditor also refuses to use the “filthy” AR menu and insists he be brought a paper one, which the staff quickly obliges. Creep is interested to see that the food up here, while still fancy, doesn’t look notably different than the fare downstairs, though due to the focus on freshness and locality, it seems the menu changes a bit day to day.

Creep manages to get good clean recordings of the meeting with both the laser and directional mic, as well as visual on The Auditor for StepMAMA to confirm with her new lipreading program. The team waits nervously while the restaurant closes down, and Creep sees The Auditor pull another power play and show further distaste for Takao as they are exiting. Most distressingly, after Takao leaves, The Auditor looks directly at Creep and faintly raises an eyebrow, in a “like what you saw?” way. Creep finally calls for pickup a safe time after closing, and Otters scoops him up with the VTOL.

They review the info and write up their analysis, making the case that although they got spotted, it wasn’t by the person in charge of counter-surveillance, and as such seems to be a move by The Auditor to diminish Takao in some way that they don’t fully understand. The conversation overall seemed to be Takao making a case for Evo to make a deal with “The Dis”, and suggesting they have more to offer than “the others”. He seems a bit sweaty and desperate in his pitch, and the team notices that although he seems satisfied by the meeting’s outcome, The Auditor very carefully never fully agreed to anything, in a plausible deniability way. They report into Stiletto, who seems very satisfied with their work, and pays up as promised, suggesting she will have more work for them in the future once she analyzes this data and does some digging.

With fresh pay in their pockets, Heat has to borrow a little more money but he and Aradia fully upgrade their shadow cloaks, and Creep buys some extra doses of modded Shade from AZT just in case they need them. Heat and Creep go to the meeting of “like-minded people” that Sam Hart invited them to, and find themselves in a fully matrix-free warehouse with some anti-AI extremists trying to recruit them. They sign up for the direct action encrypted link and leave after Heat smooths over some Creep being Creep awkwardness that could have gone bad. Interestingly, the anti-AI group, as well as hating AI and Monads, seem to both know of and be opposed to the Null Sect.

As soon as they are back on the matrix, StepMAMA warns them that this was likely an extremist “terrorist” group known as the Turing Army, and Creep deletes the encrypted chat app, though Heat keeps his, after checking that is actually quite secure and doesn’t track or store any metadata, making the argument that if nothing else, the TA could be another Chrome Domes, next time the team encounters the Null Sect. Everyone else is a little concerned, but leaves it be for now. Aradia calls up Lothan the Wise in Chicago, and is happy to find he’s doing a little better with the help of the survivor support group, and he gets her some intel on ZCorp and Carcean. The rest of the team also gets assorted intel from contacts, with PPJ getting the name of a spirit lawyer from the IOND.

Heat decides to lay low and skip a few shows in the next few days, not wanting to get into anything else troublesome before they head to the metaplanes, and the rest of the team checks gear, stocks up on solar recharge batteries, and the like. They pay a local intra-city smuggler with a hooder rep, Silver Streak, to get all their illicit gear into the Hub and deliver to Arcane’s business address, where he holds onto it, as they head in on foot in street gear. They are once again ushered in by Dovos, the living armor, and find that Arcane has cleared some floor space for a large ritual circle in his sanctum sanctorum, his book-lined office, with the desk pushed back against one wall.

After confirming that they are ready and properly equipped, and giving them some further warnings about their need for mental fortitude in the deep metaplanes, he lazily waves a finger and opens a portal. PPJ is amused to see that the ritual circle was apparently just for show, as it isn’t powering the portal, and wonder what exactly Arcane is. He doesn’t mention it to the team for now though, as he can see what looks like Zecorporatum on the other side, and leaps through, followed by the team. Otters’ mule drone instantly becomes a strange biomechanical spider-dog, which seems to operate on the principle of Necrobotics- using the spiders hydraulic fluids with various installed pumps to stimulate movement.

Although it know has a meat port that Otters has to hardline into, it seems to otherwise operate the same as she is used to, so she ports in and sits atop it cross-legged for the journey. The team takes a look around and finds themselves in the permanently overcast, rain-slicked streets of ZCorp, where they quickly witness various surprising sights- some classic pink mohawks do some kind of paydata upload at a public terminal before quickly hopping back into their ride, which seems to be a living rigger- a fully merged man and machine, and racing away, pursued by some sort of motorcycle centaur gang.

They test out their abilities and are happy to find that aside from the drone, the shadow cloaks seem to be doing the trick, as they haven’t shifted to the local metaphor, and Heat is delighted to find that StepMAMA is still conversant, for now, though there is no active matrix. Interestingly, Heat feels like he can almost go hot into…. something… but it seems too diffuse and disconnected, and he can’t quite figure out what is going on. Oldschool direct connection hacking for now! After fighting off some Stabbers who want PPJ’s magic tongue, they retreat to a higher level from the streets, seeing that are also various levels below them, down into the sewerages and underground, where even less light reaches.

From a few levels up, they get a better vantage point on the chaotic city, which grows and changes as they watch, the buildings also appearing biomechanical in nature. They see as high above them a figure in a black trenchcoat grapples from one window to another, with a large explosion behind them launching out a screaming suited figure, who plummets to his death on a roadway nearby. They also spot a bustling restaurant, filled with the working civilians of this strange place, called “Tortilla Tower”. Seeing as all 10 of the megacorps appear represented here under slightly altered names, they assume this must be the local Taco Temple analogue, confirming, perhaps, Heat’s suspicions about the means of TT’s origins in the collective memory.

They head inside, and Aradia causes a distraction, demanding the manager, as Heat uses the opportunity to hack their system. The network is confusing- a combination of outdated tech, but also seemingly organic or living in some way? A spider patrols along strands of a web connecting oddly-shaped glistening organs that seem to represent the nodes of the pre-Crash 2.0 matrix. Heat manages to make enough sense of it to get a little data, and finds the oldest transaction records, which seem to align, roughly, with the timeframe he was expecting, if someone somehow used magic to establish something here and force it into the material plane as both a pre-existing memory as well as a physical locale.

The team hightails after they hear heavy footsteps tromping down from above, not actually wanting to encounter whatever the manager of this place is, and Aradia loots the corpo’s corpse out in the street to get some local currency (some kind of semi-living coin) to pay another merged man-cab for a ride. As they drive away they head some booming shouting from behind them as the manager presumably arrives. They request a ride to Bartholomew Barkins, ESQ’s, office, with some of the team having done a quick directory search at one of the public terminals on the street outside Tortilla Tower.

While conversing with the mancab, they find out that some Blackjacks had waged a campaign against Tortilla Tower’s predecessor, Chimichanga Castle, destroying a number of locations, but they all just opened back up after a short repair period with the new branding. They get a little more intel about the state of the plane, and then arrive. Heading in through a door which announces their presence, they find a harried looking attorney at his desk surrounded with piles of scrolls, tomes, and assorted paperwork. He instantly makes them as travellers from the material plane, and after PPJ converses a bit, confirms that this is easy to do, given both the cloaks and their auras.

He says that he will assist them if they agree to do a task for him- merely ensuring delivery of a message, after he confirms his suspicions that they have some of the Grey Cell challenge coins. He passes them a strange note from an unknown sender, which promises valuable data in exchange for an extraction, with instructions to get it to Ringmaster. As a good faith payment from the note-writer, there is a Tarot card included, weirdly this seems to be from a 3rd deck, previously unknown to the team. Similar to the other mysterious card they found, while this one seems magical, it lacks the holo-projector and additional features found on the 6th World Tarot they are most familiar with.

They examine the card for a bit, and determine that is is the equivalent of the Vigilante card, which luckily they have records of the use of, so they decide to hold onto it til an opportune moment. Barkins watches, amused, and has definitely picked up on their talk about the card as well as their plans to travel to Carcean, though he goes along with Heat downplaying all of that as their conversation resumes. They question him about the plane, and he fills them in on the Corp Court equivalent- a white tower at the dead center of the city with an assemblage of sort of representational corporate mascots at the top that rule over the plane. However, he explains that it is hard to reach.

After some questioning, Aradia confirms that this is because a powerful lesser Horror known as “the Filth that Crawls” acts as a sort of moat around the tower, as well as having infiltrated the lower levels some cycles ago now, and consumes any unwary enough to come into contact with it. Aradia had read a bit about this Horror in the Vault of Lore back in Seattle, and is appropriately freaked out. Barkins explains that those who ascend high enough socially have the use of aircars to avoid the moat when visiting the court but that he has not yet been so fortunate. He also gives them some further intel- apparently before Chimichanga Castle, it was first branded as Enchilada Estate before being targeted by an Anarch collective, trying to prevent a new corp from establishing itself.

He explains further about the local beliefs about the corruption of “The Mirror Realm”, and takes them on a drive around town to scout out the dozen locations of the restaurant. They spot a single glyph at each location, which they are able to recognize from their time at Ordo Maximus PILLAR facility, as well as from Aylin’s debrief from Asamando. So these restaurants are definitely part of the whole thing. However, they speculate that the reason noone has been able to destroy them here is that once they were established here and pushed into the material plane, they would simply reappear on either one if destroyed in the other, unless all instances were destroyed at once.

Given the wide spread of TT on Earth, they presume this is essentially impossible, so they need to make other plans. As they drive around the city (disturbingly, it’s edges connect as if it were a globe, though not visually, and it seems totally flat, and the sky never changes nor does their perspective on it) they also see thin threads of magic connecting the 12 TT locations, as well as a thicker thread heading out of town, in a direction that Barkins says is further away from the material plane. He also says that TT supply delivery trucks come in from out of town, and notably don’t start as bio-mechanical but more as post-apocalyptic, before gradually converting to the local paradigm, suggesting they originate elsewhere.

Based on the team’s questions about Carcean, and the direction of travel of the magic line out of town, he suggests that Miggon might be a good place to look, as the trucks have the look of that place about them, and there are rumors of Earth corps, including AZT and MCT possibly having reagent harvesting operations in the region. The team also confirms that none of the TT’s here seem to be selling food with the Carcean reagents in them, so those seem reserved for Earth customers outside of Asamando- interesting.

PPJ plans to stay with Barkins for now, and work on acquiring some local allies to try to disrupt the magical runes at all 12 TT locations at the same time as the team disrupts the ritual elsewhere, once they have located it. They prepare to head out, with Barkins also warning them of the perils of the deep metaplanes. They also debate whether to take Arcane up on his offer and try to swing by the Seelie Court first to upgrade their astral map via his contacts there.

Arcane Advisor
2/12/2024, 3:34:06 PM
Runners
Creep
The Detective
Otters aka Roadkill
Pepper Jack
Heat
Aradia

With a few days off to ditch any Null Sect interest/pursuit, Otters continues tweaking and kitting out the new van at Dracula’s shop in Paradise Row, while the rest of the team chills, restocks on gear, and takes another look at The Seer. StepMAMA has reported that she is conversing with The Seer but that the damage and degradation from both her recent injuries as well as older ones that never properly healed mean she is basically incoherent. Heat takes another look and confirms that he has done all he can, and SM suggests that she has encountered another option.

The team enquires further but she says she can’t share specific details with “organics” but that based on her survey of the team file, she believes they ought to agree to the plan in principle. They eventually agree, partially wanting The Seer off their RCC jic. StepMAMA arranges the transfer, and Heat borrows a ton of money to send along from PPJ, and then uses the good feeling generated by the massive donation to deepen his Resonant connection with his body.

He heads back to Lupus Doubek’s clinic in Smoky Hill and gets the cyber legs he had on layaway installed, and gleefully shows off his improved ability to move. Since his extreme slowness had previously saved his life vs GOD, Creep isn’t 100% sure that this is a good thing, but here we are. With the new van finally up to Otters standards (including some expensive auto-tracking missile defense software for the hidden turret), the team feels ready to get back to work, and Aradia reaches out to Arcane via her contact Trinkey. PPJ sends the additional glyphs to Darien Black as well for further analysis, and manages to convince DB that this counts as one of his owed favors.

Arcane seems delighted to hear from them, and after confirming they aren’t overtly working for the corps and definitely not for the Null Sect, agrees to a meet, at Cat’s bar in the Hub, the One-Up Arcade. They head there and are ushered into the smoky “Back Room”, where Heat has never been allowed before, as only those with a certain level of street cred are invited. Arcane gestures them back to his table, and they can tell he is a powerful mage, though he is concealing the full parameters of his abilities. He quickly summons up a ward around their booth for privacy, and seems delighted that they brought their own white noise machine.

He seems very droll and upper crust British, and manages to slyly make a fool of a number of team members in a way that seems meant to be fun, including the others in it. He does seem quite interested in the glyphs, and also confirms that he is an astral travel expert and can help them prep for and begin their journey to Zecorporatum and Carcean, though he warns them of the dangers of the journey and they don’t mention their goals or Grey Cell’s involvement.

He also confirms he was paying rent on Kara Jay’s old shop, The Phoenix, which burnt down shortly after Heat coaxed her out of there. When they explain their theories about her e-ghost and her survival, he seems relieved, and they get a feeling he was a true friend of hers back in the day. He looks very young and smooth-skinned to be that old, but looks human, so maybe just has a good skincare routine. In exchange for all this assistance, he requests they play a prank on Cat and steal a large statue from her office. They are a little leery, but believe him when he says it is long-running gag between the two.

He gives them some intel and specifics on the statue (a 400kilo dragon) but says they will have to do the rest, and to bring it to his shop, Mile High ArcanoArcheaology, when they are done. He has a few parameters- no casualties, no major property damage, don’t get caught, and they agree. TD starts keeping an eye on Cat, who is running the bar and chatting to various people, and steps in to distract her, while providing occasional tips and encouragement on comms. Heat does a quick survey of the security system, and gets in, turning off cameras and forcing the elevator open before having to flee before IC, after wiping his presence with TM skills. Helpfully, this further distracts Cat as she gets some “intruder detected” alerts.

PPJ and Aradia make Aradia, Creep and Otters invisible in the bathrooms, and all of them except PPJ sneak out and aboard the elevator while PPJ maintains the spells. Otters orders 400kilo of weights and flies the VTOL over to pick them up, and then sneaks it into the Hub and has it hovering outside Cat’s office window. PPJ does some astral projection and manifesting to scout ahead, and spots a series of traps which he warns them of.

Otters and Creep manage to tagteam cracking open and bypassing the biometrics lock on the elevator and get it to ascend, and then take out a window to allow the drone in. Aradia uses her new “Ward Pusher” ability to slide them all in past the alarm ward set around the stature, and Creep and Otters manage to disable the first trap- a pressure plate. Downstairs, Heat joins TD in distracting Cat. Creep and Otters rig up a jumper cable to bypass the electrical mesh around the statue, and cut their way through once they’ve redirected the power.

Then Aradia casts two levitate spells at once, lifting the statue with one, while pushing the spring loaded pin under it down with the other spell. Creep carefully moves weight plates from the drone to on top of the pin as Aradia eases off that spell, and loads the statue in the now empty drone. Having assensed a small magical charge in the statue, Aradia manages to push all of them back out of the ward again, and Otters flies the drone back out the window as Aradia levitates her and Otters down to the street.

Creep puts the window back, and cleans up, leaving as little trace of their presence as possible (aside from a very crude sketch of a dragon he left on one of the weights), and then manages to override the elevator again, ride it back down, and sneak back to the bathroom, before emerging as if he just needed some time in there to empty his leg. The team exits the bar, and heads over to Arcane’s spot, where they are greeted by what at first looks like a cat but turns out to be a bundle of vines and thorns in that shape, and tells them to head upstairs as Arcane is waiting.

They head up a fire escape to the second level entrance door over the commercial space, and knock. They are greeted by a large animated suit of armor, which says “I’ll take that” and unloads the statue from the drone with little trouble, impressive given it’s weight. The armor waves them through to a library/office where they find Arcane waiting. Impressed with themselves, they can’t help but describe how clever they were in doing the job, which he somewhat condescendingly plays along with.

They get down to biz, and he explains that he has some of Kara Jay;s old journals, and hoped to decipher the code of the glyphs with them, but although he has made some progress they seem only semi-sensical. They are related to attracting spirits, but he’s not sure what type or why for, and doesn’t know why they were being put up as AR icons, since few spirits would be able to interact with those. So, still confusing but some progress. They share a bit more info about The Seer’s current state and location, and he agrees to send recordings of him reading from her journal, through StepMAMA to her mysterious caretakers, to hopefully help in her recovery.

With that settled, Creep starts dropping hints about Cornerstones and Tarot as possible payments for astral help, as Arcane doesn’t seem very interested in money. Arcane tells them some tips and tricks for safe® astral travel, and suggests a few items to acquire- the modified Shade and Shadow Cloaks he’s able to provide the specs for, and Aradia is able to order them through her AZT contact, Simonetta Chandra, who once again threateningly flirts about “needing to hear all about what these are for”, though Aradia successfully demurs for now.

The team doesn’t quite have the funds to get all the cloaks made and bonded, so they tell Arcane they’ll accept his offer of help with actually getting to ZCorp, but probably in around a week’s time- he seems grateful for their helping Kara Jay. He also tips them to some other newer/rarer tech to assist with astral travel- a “Map of the Astral Ways” and a “Sextant of Worlds” copy, which is both true and linked can greatly assist with arriving in the right destinations, as the planes tend to move around a lot relative to each other.

He says he can likely secure them some of these in exchange for a Cornerstone piece and/or Major Arcana from the Tarot, though he hints that there may be multiple Tarot decks and only some planes even really care about them at all. They say they’ll think about it, but ask him to make some soft enquiries. They head back to the safehouse for now, and with Darien Black giving basically the same glyph intel, report into the Guide. He seems satisfied, and says “job done” for now, and he’ll be in touch when has more work. He also authorizes sharing the full glyph set with each researcher in case they can learn anything further.

The team spend a while looking at Tarot and debating how to proceed. With Fargus Sol’s assistance after Creep calls him, they make some progress on understanding how to use and the potential of the Aes Sidhe Banrigh card, but decide to hold off for now, hoping that it can either be an emergency astral traveller or potentially a resurrection, when needed, depending on which interpretation proves correct. They do decide to make the Cornerstone piece that Creep spotted amidst their set, and debate for a while who to sell to.

With Aradia’s review of the team file, they decide to go with Renraku, hoping to further the team’s rep with Kami Aneki if they ever find themselves in the Seelie Court. They use another CEO call to set up the sale, and Heat is impressed by the fact that the CEO is a good negotiator, much to everyone else’s amusement. He does agree to the terms, though he seems to know some about the Cornerstone and reports that they are offering “a lesser piece”. They set up a meeting at a mall in the Hub, in a coffee shop, figuring high security and in public is probably good.

They get there first, and lay claim to one of the bathrooms. Renraku shows up in a stealthed VTOL shortly after, broadcasting an AR landing zone, and coming in fast. Blue Samurai deploy with an executive, and they pay all the civilians to exit the coffee shop, including the staff. They watch, bemused, as Creep fuddles around in his leg compartment to get the two cards while trying not to show that they have a bunch, and then combines them to make the Cornerstone.

As before, it appears in a sort of negative pressure pop in the air, and the Renraku exec carefully picks it up in gloved hands, and puts it in a biofiber case that one of the Blue Samurai unfold for him. He nods to them, and they kick another biofiber bag over to the team, and exit, not waiting to see if the team has anything further to say, boarding and launching the VTOL before going full stealth again. Impressed and a little scared, the team checks their haul, and finds it all there- the Sextant and the Map, though it seems like the map has plenty of space for upgrades so they probably got a slightly lower value one.

They do both seem magical, which seems promising, though they won’t be able to fully confirm their quality until they are on the metaplanes. Satisfied for now, they head back to the safehouse again, not giving too much thought to if any civilians or other interested parties might be curious about the exchange that just took place. Cat calls, asking if they are up for some work, and since she doesn’t seem pissed about the dragon and some of them really need money to get ready for the astral jaunt, they agree. She sends them to an encrypted digital meeting space, where they find an avatar of their Johnson from a few jobs back, Stiletto.

She explains that she was able to pull some data off the fried cyberdeck they retrieved from the ARES spider, and she has a new POI she needs them to look into. Based on her intel, this POI is only known as “The Auditor”, and is a completely hairless, extremely slender, middle-aged human. He will be meeting with Evo’s regional VP in two days at a fancy restaurant in the Hub, and Stiletto wants the team to surveil the meeting, She explains that The Auditor has already met with various other corp execs but that they missed those meetings so they need to get this one documented.

She gives some details about the restaurant, as well as some job parameters- basically, no collateral damage, don’t get caught, don’t blow her investigation. They agree after she offers another large payday, and start looking into it. Based on the intel provided, they have a few ideas to mind of how they might bypass security to get a recording of the meet, and Otters uses her new high lifestyle SIN to get reservations at the restaurant (though not the exclusive VIP roof level where the meeting will take place) for that evening, planning to bring along 3 team-mates as her guests to do an initial recon pass.

Whistling While We Work
2/5/2024, 1:41:01 PM
RUNNERS
Snow White
Happy
Bashful
Grumpy
Dopey
Doc
Sleepy
Sneezy

Snow White, a wealthy AGS corp princess who moonlights as a shadowrunner, has accumulated a following of 7 devoted dwarves. Luckily, she has cultivated her crew well, and given their varied specialties, the team has gained some regional renown for capably pulling off some high level jobs. Though many are a little creeped out by the cult-like structure of the organization, they work steadily and have all been further enhancing their skills and gear with some recent paydays.

They get a call from one of their usual fixers to set up a meet with a new “Herr Johnson”, Mr. K. They head their in a chauffered limo, and SW does all the important talking as per usual. Mr. K breaks it down- this is a high risk, high reward job involving some complicated travel, but with some major benefits to metahumanity if they succeed. Are they in? After SW accepts, you bet they are. They negotiate for a major payday with half upfront, and go shopping to gear up.

They’ve only been told the first stage of the job for now- a military style transport plane will take them to Lagos, where they will do a quick job for some local pro-social smugglers to get safely moved across some borders into Asamando. They are given a contact number for a fixer there for the next stage. With some new toys and specialty gear and ammo purchased, they board the plane and head out, with SW telling her “daddy dearest” that she’ll be away for a while, making sure to call him at work to avoid her annoying stepmom.

They land in a cleared jungle area on the north side of the lagoon in Lagos, and Sneezy immediately has a bad allergic reaction to all the new local wildlife, so Dopey carries him in the sling he usually uses to haul around an astral-projecting Sleepy. They load themselves and their gear into a military style transport truck, and head into town to the changeling district of Ilasa Maja, to a brothel called the 7th Hand. There they meet a local fixer named Obi Akinlaja, who says he will act as a go-between for the team and the Daughters of Yemaja, the local group they need to impress to get in good with some safe smugglers, who wont sell them for food to the ghouls in Asamando.

They agree to the job- rescue some captives from a flesh peddling syndicated called the Babakku’s safehouse near the Apapa port. They are told to use the truck for the job, and bring the rescued captives to a certain location in the port, where they will meet the smugglers for the next leg of the journey. Grumpy takes over driving and they head to the Babakku safehouse. Sneezy quickly pwns their basic network and gets cam feeds and internal guard comms. There are 12 captives, all in one area, and 6 guards scattered throughout the rest of the safehouse, which is composed of 4 shipping containers crudely cut and welded together into a cube.

Dopey takes up surveillance for any backup arriving, while SW gets the rest organized. Bashful goes invisible and approaches the door, while Sleepy projects into the captive area, manifest, and tells them to stay down as help is on they way. Doc launches some drones for recon and surveillance, and Happy watches the front with spells ready. Sneezy hacks a guards gun inside to shoot the flashbang trap rigged to the door, and Bashful kicks it in, charging inside and smashing two guards with his dual axes.

Doc, Happy, and Snow White (via her manservant drone) take the opportunity to open fire on the surprised guards inside, quickly taking half of them done, while Dopey takes an assault cannon shot straight through the wall at another one inside that Sneezy has tagged on their TacNET. Doc spots a truck of reinforcements incoming and Dopey blows out the engine block from around a corner with some drone assisted targeting. They make quick work of the remaining guards as Grumpy plants some explosive charges outside, and manages to carefully blow the welds and drop the prisoner container straight into their truck. The only complication is that Bashful gets covered in ghoul blood while axeing the final guard, who seems to be the leader. He does manages to snag his commlink though.

Grumpy, having pre-mapped multiple routes and with further drone assistance, gets them to the port with no trouble, where they meet Obi again, but have to move to a second location after he realizes they forgot to tag erase the captives. Having done so, they leave the truck with Obi’s bodyguard, a troll named Abiola Fashola, and Obi makes an intro for them to the Fanti family of smugglers who will take them around the coast and up the Mouhoun river into Asamando. He tells them to carefully obey the rules aboard the Fanti boats and they’ll be fine. Sneezy does some quick hacking on the commlink they got from the ghoul guard and finds that he was a go-between for the Babakku and a ghoul fixer named “The Butcher” who seems to have some sort of special instructions for what kind of captives he wants.

There is a little drama amongst the dwarves as they have to split up and all want to remain with SW (aside from Grumpy, who is performatively intransigent as usual). SW gives a stirring speech with a little song to get them all to behave, and they head out. They manage to behave themselves, and few of them even enjoy their time at sea, helping out on the small craft, which seem to be a true family biz, with people of all ages aboard and involved. The only issue is Bashful’s refusal to speak to anyone outside the group and frequent habit of turning invisible and standing around in the way. He also seems to be coming down with something, maybe from the ghoul blood he got in his mouth and elsewhere?

They have to shuffle boats a few times to take turns staying near SW, but otherwise manage to bribe their way upriver with no trouble, avoiding Asamandan patrols and getting dropped off in a small grove alongside the river. They are told to call Dancer via secure satlink only, and stay hidden in the grove until picked up. The Fanti bid their farewells, and make quick time back downriver. SW calls in as promised, but initially fails some sort of test Dancer is using to confirm ID. Calling back, she smooths things over, and he tells them to lay low til morning, as Infected activity reduces in daylight, so they’ll smuggle them overland to Nyamkopon then.

They set a watch and try to get some rest. Sleepy ends up having to cavort with some interested spirits to keep them from getting upset, but otherwise the night passes uneventfully, with only distant border patrols spotted. In the morning, Dancer shows up with two rugged-ized bush trucks, and lets Grumpy drive one as they load up and head to the city. Even with their intel and a little research the team is surprised to find such a full-on new-built metropolis here, as well as the widespread, free public matrix throughout the country.

SK’s mining investment is apparently paying dividends! As is DBO’s, and the other various interested corps. Dancer takes them to straight into town, and warns them that if they are stopped they will need to fight their way out, as there’s no good way to explain their presence and armaments in the current political situation. Luckily, they avoid entanglements, partially due to Grumpy’s pre-planning of routes and skilled countersurveillance driving.

They arrive at what looks like a reproduction of an English country manor, and pull into the large carriage house out back. After getting progressively more worried about Bashful’s condition, Doc has kept an eye on it but can’t do much, and Sleep has confirmed the presence of HMHVV in Bashful’s aura. Dancer brings them straight to the basement, where he introduces them to the family doctor, Baxton Gresh, who says he can insure a peaceful death for Bashful or try to ensure a successful transition to sapience, but Infected. He explains that he, and the Helling family above, were all Infected and forced to flee London due to the stigma, but that while they are grateful for Asamando’s hospitality, they are working with and funding those who believe the nation could be a better version of itself without, say, the metahuman trafficking.

After confirming that SW can make use of his new powers, Bashful says he wants to be a sapient Infected, and Gresh takes him down to the surgical suite, suggesting the others watch remotely to avoid Infection risks themselves. After some hours, he reports it was a success, so they rest a little easier and continue their research into how to complete the next leg of the job, with Dancer briefing them on the details. There is some sort of ritual being done, somewhere in town, by the Ordo Maximus. They are smuggling in captives, especially ones with high essence, and moving them about secretly. And due to a previous team’s missions, they know Taco Temple is involved.

So they have 3 main leads, and decide to first call in a favor. SW calls her “daddy dearest” again, and gets an old, rejected SK proposal for a subarcology in the downtown Nyamkopon area, directly below where the Taco Temple flagship store and offices sit. He’s not sure why they bid it there, since TT has “always been there”, but it was going to make use of some convenient nearby old mining tunnels to turn them into underground transit paths and connective walkways. The team also knows from the Lagos job that The Butcher is a likely source of more intel about the metahuman trafficking.

They decide to first investigate the TT flagship, and head in, ordering a bunch of food, even though Dancer had warned them of strange ingredients. Interestingly, Sleepy is unable to spot anything off about the food here. SW is also able to slyly order off the “secret menu” and get a bonedust shaker for Bashful to get some nutrients as a gnawer. Sneezy does some matrix recon, and spots that there is a hidden nested host within the main host, which seems to be doing something connected via hardline only to something underground, running down a central shaft that the restaurant/HQ is built around.

With no clear way in, but evidence of underground activity, they head into the extensive underground transit system and start poking around referencing the old SK schematics. With some good skills at such things, they find a hidden door showing signs of recent use in an otherwise disused service area, and manage to pop it open without tripping anything. Descending into dark stairs, they all flip on their thermographic flashlights, aside from Doc who uses his eyelights, and SW who relies on her goggles.

With Grumpy skillfully guiding them with Happy’s assistance, they find another hidden door, this one with a chemseal. Not knowing what they’ll find inside, Happy distributes all the usual mission drugs and gets everyone dosed up, as well as passing around some Guts. They use some B&E tools and manage to get in while Sneezy loops the cam feeds, which all seem hardwired, and Sleepy gets them past the alarm ward just inside. Passing through another similar door, they enter what seems to be a medical facility- could this be the hidden Ordo Maximus clinic they’ve heard is rumored to exist somewhere under Downtown?

Doc sends out the drones on patrol since there isn’t any local matrix activity. Spotting some guards, he tags them and the team sets an ambush, with Sneezy jamming their comms as the rest of the team takes them out. They manage to keep one alive long enough for Sleepy to Mind Probe. and find out that there is a large freight elevator on the far side of the clinic that only goes down, that captives are frequently brought through and down, and that they were told not to ask questions, and in the event of a raid to try only to protect clinics and allow intruders to descend.

Not wanting to but having no other choice, they descend the elevator, and instantly get into a firefight with some Ordo Myrmidons, who make short work of many of the team’s drones, as well as Happy, with their monofil whips. Sleepy and Sneezy are both not having much luck effecting them given their Dissonant and Anti-Magic effect fields, so Sleepy projects ahead, while Sneezy dashes around the combat to avoid it and get deeper in. A vamp mage in ritual robes also emerges and heads up to see what’s going on, they manage to take him out pretty quickly, but not before he can call for “Martin” to come deal with the unwanted guests. Grumpy places charges on the elevator, just in case.

SW finishes the mage off with Sleepy’s cleverly purchased wood pulp rounds, which seems to halt his regen ability, just as a massively powered up Martin deVries charges in and starts attacking them. Grumpy sneaks past the fight to see what’s happening further in, having heard some chanting, and Doc sends the roto drone along with. Dopey and Bashful try their best to hold DeVries at bay and protect SW, but Bashful, having feasted some on the ghoul guards they killed in the clinic as well as the Myrmidons here, is starting to get mentally overwhelmed by some sort of mental summons to come deeper as well.

Down below, Sneezy spots a massive data terminal with a map of the globe, seemingly showing a distribution of TT locations and frequent consumers, and he darts past the two vamp techs working the terminal to touch it and fry it, using the final service of the massive Sprite he compiled for the job. Grumpy watches in horror as the vamp techs tear into his prone body, but is busy planting charges around a ritual circle protected by a magic barrier, having spotted it flickering and correctly assumed that Sleepy is assaulting it in astral space.

And Doc has spotted two other horrifying things- there is a pen full of captives seemingly all being slowly drained of blood by the ritual, which is being assisted by a massive bound blood spirit, and there is a floating chunk of reflective black stone, to which a slim vampire dressed in purple rags is bound. They seem to have various healing wounds on them but no obvious source of injury. Doc has to snap back to his body to start dealing with healing downed party members, but quickly falls himself to DeVries’ magical blade, as his drone is destroyed by the vamp techs below, though not before it just finishes blasting through the chains holding the purple vamp to the floating stone.

Sleepy and Grumpy manage to collapse the ritual successfully, but are both quickly killed by the now free Blood Spirit, as all the vamp mages inside burst from the backlash of the collapsing ritual. Bashful is finally overwhelmed and summoned deeper, but manages to hold back for one moment and is killed by DeVries while taking a hit meant for SW. However, this brief moment of connection is enough for Aylin, freed from their chains, to briefly regain their mind and see what is happening around them. Hearing commotion above, they dash out of the ritual chamber, grabbing the detonator they spot in Grumpy’s hand as they go.

SW tries to call a retreat for the team, but dwarves are dropping left and right, now also under attack from the Blood Spirit. Seeing no other options, Aylin compliments SW on her dress, and then presses the detonator, blowing the elevator as they turn to mist and safely ascent, wafted higher on the explosion. This seemed to catch both the Blood Spirit and DeVries by surprise, so who knows which if either will emerge from that fight, but likely annihilated both the final Myrmidon, and SW, who was the lone survivor of her team by that point.

Aylin frantically flees through the locked down OM clinic above, using their knowledge of the OM PILLAR facility to take advantage of vamp-only escape routes, and gets out of the underground. Making contact with their Grey Cell handler, they are able to arrange to use the out that was planned for SW and her dwarves, and get out of the country, and quickly up into space via the mass driver at Mt Kilimanjaro, having to leave the manasphere possibly forever to avoid further mind control from the Manifold Level entity that had taken control of their brain and actions for some time.

However, Aylin is able to brief Grey Cell on what happened- how they and DeVries survived the PILLAR explosion (surrounded by other Infected as they floated and ate their way to the surface, like a ball of ants), and some intel on their dim memories of the ritual, as well as what SW and the dwarves were able to accomplish. Grey Cell compliments Aylin on surviving and thanks them for a job well done, telling them they’ll surely be useful for space ops in the meantime. Their mom, Patty C, is of course thrilled to have their daughter back, but challenged by the lack of mana in space, does not rejoin them for now so she can continue to be useful to Grey Cell as an alchemist.

Back in Denver, the team receives a call from Ringmaster, informing them that another runner team was able to disrupt what seems to have been the main Ordo Maximus ritual to take advantage of the rare metaplanar reagent being distributed by TT. This will slow them significantly, but not stop them, as it seems from Aylin’s intel that there is also a metaplanar component to the ritual. Further investigations there will be needed to keep this threat from rising again, and the team agrees to some future recon forays to Zecorporatum and Carcean to try to find out what is happening there.

In the AGS, a distraught SK exec has to promise future favors of an unspecified but large amount to some shadowy figures who return what remains of his daughter to him. He places the pieces of her in a glass Valkyrie unit so he can watch her while he awaits news after sending out desperate requests for aid in healing what he can of her…..

Glyphindor
1/29/2024, 4:10:44 PM
Runners
Creep
The Detective
Otters aka Roadkill
Pepper Jack
Heat
Aradia

The team decides to take a little bit of time to catch up on some implants and side biz since the next job Cat has isn’t super time sensitive. They also decide they need to all ditch their burner SINs and get some fresh ones after hearing about some mysterious deaths around town, and realizing the only link is that they were all recent employees of a certain slaughterhouse, and also that the ZDF may have gotten their SIN scans from when Heat called them in on the bound spirit in the warehouse, since they’d been circling the area in the van for half a day.

PPJ decides to get a SIN through the IOND, which Darien Black signs off on, making clear that PPJ is stacking up owed favors. The rest of the team buys fresh burners off of Simonetta Chandra, who lords it over Aradia a bit, trying to invert their power dynamic, but Aradia plays it cool and doesn’t give her the satisfaction. Feeling better protected, PPJ decides to try to repay some of the favors owed and starts researching the Hearts of Zebulon. He finds pretty limited mentions on the shadow boards- they seem to be a mixed physical and astral group, but not active outside the FRFZ/Mile High Realm.

The team refreshes a bit on the history of GW, Zebulon, Harlequin, Denver, the Watergate Rift, recent drama at the Seelie Court, etc and makes some notes of things to investigate further regarding some points that jump to mind like: What happened to Harlequin after causing a distraction while past team members freed the Ebon Queen, his lover Aina Dupree? What actually is/was Zebulon and is GW trying to bring her back again? Where does GW’s beef with AZT originate? And a few more.

He also finds an anti-dragon manifesto (or at least anti-GW) that may be associated with HOZ, as well as a disturbing prophecy about GW’s dominance that is apparently being spread by the roving gangs of troll street preachers and the COTDR. He asks Heat to look for more in the Endless Archive, remembering that Prot0 would often make use of that place for restricted info. Heat lies about knowing what the EA is and being able to reach out, as well as about knowing others TM’s in town.

PPJ susses out a little bit of the deception but not nearly all of it, and remembers that he knows some high level TM’s from helping to save the Nexus. Inferring that Puck is likely still on the run and definitely not locally available, he leaves a message for Perri, and quickly gets a response with an address in the Aurora Warrens that says “come alone”. He gets the team to come with, planning to wait nearby just in case. They seem to be in or near Nocturna turf, which they hope is a good sign, as they see some of the pro-social vamps wearing the purple that Aylin and other “consensual-only feeders” wear.

PPJ heads in to a dilapidated looking townhouse that is much better put together on the inside- seems like a well hidden safehouse. Ushered upstairs, he takes a seat, and is put into some kind of trance state by what seems to be a homebuilt AIMAD system equivalent. The rest of the team isn’t worried as they are receiving regular updates seemingly written by PPJ. When he comes to, there is a commcode on a flatvid screen across from him, which he calls, and gets ahold of Perri.

She says they have to be cautious, especially since PPJ has long been thought dead, and he says he understands. They seem to have taken a blood sample, and he confirms that there is something a little weird about him but he believes himself to be “real”. He requests they report anything else they find out about what’s going on with him though Perri is noncommittal. She does however reinstate his access to the Nexus and offer him some work, trying to figure out how to hack or surveil some of the bot and Doll bodies that remote attendees use for high level local conferences, as some movers and shakers don’t like to physically place themselves within GW’s tempestuous reach.

Perri all tells PPJ to watch out for Heat until he knows more about him, as he could be chill or could be a Horizon sleeper agent, which also might have it’s uses. PPJ says he’ll run it all by the team and comes back out, disturbed that they were unaware anything was going on. When carefully analyzing his comm, Heat and Otters spot a subtle intrusion, but it seems to have only accessed local info and not fully penetrated the TacNET, but that could have been bad if that had been an adversary. PPJ briefs them on the potential gig, and they decide they likely will do it. They next head for the Smoky Hill Bazaar, and Lupus Doubek’s clinic.

There they find another bizarre transhumanist street doc, though this one seems not to be a body snatcher. She reports that Heat has been left a line of credit by the Chrome Domes, along with a bio-encoded message that she didn’t even try to crack. Heat opens it and is told to call a number to “collaborate against a threat”. He calls, and is horrified to find that he has made contact with GOD, or someone posing as such. They essentially force Heat into agreeing to look further into Ex Machina and Leanna Octave, which the team kinda wanted to do anyway, and tell them that the funds available were seized and transferred from the deceased CD’s, and that Heat is welcome to tell his team whatever he likes as to where it came from.

Creep and Otters swap some implants and get some new stuff, and Heat starts prepping to upgrade his legs to he can move a bit better, after filling the team in on their new assignment from GOD, having been also told they’ll be keeping a close eye on him. Doubek also gives them some initial intel on Octave and her activities in town, though she seems likely to have gone into hiding after losing the CD’s as allies. The team next heads to the Paradise Lost mall to stock up on some various gear, and starts getting to know some of the ex-runners there, a few of whom PPJ and Aradia already know to varying levels.

After resting, they set up the meet through Cat for the glyph job, and drive out to Stapleton to meet someone named “the Guide” on a nature trail in a wildlife reserve. Doing minimal research, they find that the Guide may be the same individual who trained Nicholas Whitebird, GW’s current Voice, as a youth. An older Ute man eventually approaches, after the team realizes that he may have been surveilling them and the nearby area via some wildlife. He introduces himself and seems very friendly and potentially quite powerful.

He explains that he wants the mystery glyphs looked into and ideally demystified, and offers a pretty sizeable payday for it. The team agrees, and he leaves contact number and the vanishes, literally- Aradia and PPJ can barely find any trace, implying he is indeed a skilled mage and high level initiate. They review what they know of the glyphs so far, and decide to run some tests. PPJ buys a burner comm at a service station, and loads the glyph image onto it, while Heat observes to see what happens. Somehow Heat misses the moment, but the glyph vanishes, and Heat himself seems to have been hidden well enough to be unobserved.

They decide to repeat the test on a larger scale, somewhere private, and buy a bunch more burners, and a Faraday bag. They head out to a rural rail bridge, and park underneath, with Creep drugged up to boost his speed with his hand on the Faraday bag’s seal, and Heat keeping an eye in the matrix again. They load the glyph up again and run it on all the devices set to broadcast, and Heat once again misses the first glyph vanishing, but then spots a familiar silhouette icon- it’s the Null Sect!

Heat signals Creep to close it as the Null Clear removes another glyph, and Creep closes the bag, dump-shocking Heat but likely capturing the Null, they hope. After getting the intel from Heat they have a panicked discussion about what to do before Morticia reports two contrails incoming. Otters tries to flee in the van but is unable to dodge the smart missiles, which destroy the vehicle, though the armor holds, protecting the passengers. Morticia then reports two incoming personnel carrier VTOLs en route, though moving slower than the missiles.

Otters send the medical drone off in one direction as a distraction, and the rest of the team scatters, making plans to meet either at the IOND or the safehouse once they ditch any tails. Otters sends Morticia with the Faraday bag to the IOND, with PPJ calling in yet another favor to use a secure Faraday room they have there. They successfully make their exit, with Creep and a few others looking back to see both the van and drone get searched and destroyed. Yikes! Expensive close call. They all stay comms off for a while and sneak back to town via various routes, before many of them meet at the IOND.

They are much relieved to find that Morticia safely arrived and that Black brought her and the bag into the Faraday room without comment, record, or investigation, though he makes clear to PPJ that he best get to repaying some of these favors soon. After some debate about using one of their CEO calls, they decide to instead stick with their Johnson, and call the Guide over to try to get some more money and hand over the bag. The Guide arrives and there is some complex high-level wizard posturing between him and Black, and Black berates PPJ for inviting such a powerful individual inside his wards without his express approval, in a way where the rest of the team can all hear it but are obviously not invited into the conversation.

PPJ returns to the team, humiliated, as TD and Aradia, though only completely implant-free members, strip all tech and head in with the Guide. They brief him, negotiate for more pay, and hand over the bag. He says he will arrange it’s exit quickly from the IOND for further investigation, and chuckles at their brazen nature, saying he had a feeling he’s picked the right team for the job. After all that excitement, the team decides to lay low for a little bit and do some RNR.

Otters heads back to Dracula’s shop in Paradise Lost to start tinkering on the new van he, PPJ, and Creep all split, and Creep tags along to set up a Roseanne clipshow watch at Samantha Hart’s retro tech shop and scout out that part of town a bit. It seems like the ex-runners are training up a local militia and have expanded their safe area for a few blocks around their main base. Aradia, PPJ, and Heat go out clubbing while gets some chill tub time in the safehouse. At the Tower of Babel, Heat eventually finds the basement hacker bar and makes some contacts there.

PPJ, trying to recover from his earlier embarrassment, manages to further embarrass himself but Aradia keeps an eye out and keeps it from getting too bad. Aradia makes contact with a few different info brokers, and all 3 of the team manage to subtly spread around that they are looking for info on the glyphs and will pay for location data or other intel. They head home and rest. The next day as Otters keeps working on the van, Creep has his Roseanne showing, and noone attends except Samantha (whose shop he is renting), and he hides to watch while not being watched. However, Samantha seems interested in his weird remixes and stuff and also his open-mindedness to anti-AI ideas, and invites him to a meeting of some friends of hers.

The 3 partiers gets some calls later in the day from assorted info brokers, and after paying some fees gets leads on 3 glyph locations that are thought to be active now- time to get hustling!! They decide to split into 3 groups and check out the different locations. PPJ and TD head to the Lakeside Amusement Park in Arvada and locate the glyph there, getting a secure offline image before it vanishes shortly after their arrival. It was attached to a critical linchpin on the Ferris Wheel and they couldn’t figure out a better way to analyze it without attracting suspicion.

Creep and Aradia head to the University of Denver in Centennial, and located the Psychology library. Aradia does some social hacking and flirting to get them in, and Creep sneaks by some attendants to the restricted magical area while Aradia distracts. They spot the glyph running on a smart desk, and Heat gets Creep to run a data tap in. This whole library host seems unusually well-protected, though it is a well-funded school and in a tech district, and after conversing briefly with the Sprite doing security, Heat decides not to push it.

However, they do get some useful intel from the desk- someone has carved in “Kara Jay was here!” alongside a fresher carving in a different hand of “RIP”. Aradia inquires with the grad student at the desk and they find out that Kara Jay was a permitted member pre-Crash 2.0 but is not recorded as having any magical talent, just an enthusiasm for arcana, based on her recorded check-outs. Also, some records may have been lost, and she hasn’t been in since 2064.

This glyph also seems older than some of the other ones they’ve seen, and interestingly, hasn’t been removed, yet. They do some research and thinking, and call some info brokers, and are able to piece together that Kara Jay was a magical trinket seller who apparently used this as cover for her true biz as a skilled (but illicit) talismonger. She had a shop in Westminster and ran the shadow side of her biz out of the back, while the front has cheap junk for tourists and wannabes. Also, she flat-lined in Crash 2.0, her daughter kept her alive in a coma til about 10 years ago while trying to keep the shop afloat, before giving up on both, leaving town, and dropping out of contact.

The team decides to surveil the shop a bit and check it out, and head up to the fancy-ish commuter community of Westminster. The shop is on a fairly posh “main street” style shopping arcade, and definitely stands out like a rotten tooth- partially boarded, tons of AR and physical notices of fines pasted up etc, but apparently the building was owned by KJ or someone else who has kept it going for some reason. The store name “the Phoenix” is barely visible in accumulated grime.

After doing their best to look for astral and matrix threats and finding none, Creep sneaks in and pokes around. There are a few plugged in and powered on decent quality commlinks running silent, and a few more fried ones. He grabs one of the fried ones. Nothing else of note stands out- the back room has been cleared out and the only stuff left out front is cheap junk covered in dust and discount stickers. He sneaks back out and the team decides to leave a few people here to surveil while the rest head out to check out the site of the 3rd reported glyph from earlier.

Finding that it is a Triad gambling den, the Motor City survivors on the team call in a favor with Grandmother Biyu to get an in. They also catch up a little on Motor City and the fallout from the Metal Maniacs raid, including what happened with the Chrome Domes in Aurora. They head to the parlor after TD makes contact with their new Triad fixer in town, Bingwen To. He seems to respect Biyu highly, though they are from separate Triads, and suggests that she is powerful enough that a small favor for her is a good opportunity for him.

They head to the parlor and find that the slot machine in question is a smoking ruin, the internal electronics completely fried. They arrange to buy it from To at a discount and bring it back to the safehouse for further investigation, but are unable to glean anything useful from it, aside from that it seems to have been intentionally destroyed in a matrix attack, and that magic was not involved, nor was physical presence. This further suggests Null Sect being behind all this somehow.

Meanwhile, the recon team of Aradia and Heat successfully passes some SIN scans from roving ZDF drones- Westminster seems fairly high security, and also to have a high number of nosey spirit denizens who perhaps reported them as looking suspicious. However, their surveillance pays off as Heat spots some sort of e-life form, badly damaged, arrive into one of the running commlinks. He goes full virtual and makes contact, gradually convincing the form, which takes the appearance of a flaming bird, to allow him to try to help.

After spending some time tweaking software to do what repairs he can, he manages to coax the entity, which refers to itself as “The Seer” but is otherwise incoherent, to migrate to the team’s TacNET-protected RCC, with assistance from StepMAMA, after getting the team’s approval. With no more reported glyph sightings coming in, they decide to do a little more research and then call it in. Aradia pays Kobold to do a bit more digging, and they find out that the assorted bills and taxes on the shop have been kept paid up by one “Dr. Rutherford Kaine”, who after some research they discover is yet another likely false ID of the runner Arcane, who they had previously heard mentioned.

They call The Guide, who instructs them to lay low for a while and provides some fresh working SINs as their ones from the last job may have been burnt from NS involvement. He instructs them to carefully consult Arcane about the glyphs and seek more info, and says he will continue to pay them for this work as well as ongoing exclusivity. PPJ calls him back a little later and gets approval to also share the glyphs with Darien Black to have two expert opinions to compare, but The Guide clarifies that they should share two different overlapping sets of 3/4 of the spotted glyphs with each.

With that taken care of, The Guide tells them to lay low for a few days and lets any NS interested die down before proceeding, and suggests they are welcome to take care of other biz in or out of town in the meantime.

Recon and Retrieval vs GOD
1/26/2024, 12:41:05 PM
Runners
Creep
The Detective
Otters aka Roadkill
Pepper Jack
Heat
Aradia

After the team’s meeting with Niki the Gardener, they have some recon to tackle. They do some drone surveillance of the provided address, and check out the neighborhood. Seeing no obvious threats, they head over in the van, rotating plates, spoof chips, and electrochromic as they circle the area. The target site is a warehouse that seems to be a bit better defended on the inside than it is made to look on the outside. However, it seems to be mostly operational during the day, and have some decent wards around it, as well as good signal security.

Aradia manages to infiltrate through the ward and makes a deal with the beast spirit that is guarding the site to return with some reagents in exchange for a description of it’s terms of service. She does so, and gets some rough parameters for how to avoid the spirit’s intervention, which it seems willing to interpret in the team’s favor so long as they don’t cross some specific lines, due to the reagent gift. Creep sneaks up and gets a data tap on an exterior camera, and Heat gets control of the camera system and exterior guard comms and loops them.

The team KO the two patrolling guards with a combo of drugs, SNS and magic, and Creep hides their bodies and strips them, while PPJ gets two decent illusion cast on Aradia and TD to look and sound like the guards. They sneak in through the route Creep prepared and put on the guard uniforms, with Aradia using the fashion spell to clean up the uniforms a bit. Creep also found some RFID tokens that seem to maybe also help with passing the ward on the building and hands those over. With Heat still controlling the exterior feeds, he slips them back to “real” seamlessly just as the guard shift change arrives, and Aradia and TD get in with no trouble.

They use their social skills to blend in inside, which is fairly easy, since only a few other guards are present- 1 watches the door controls, while the other 2 patrol the interior, much better armed and armored than those outside. They spot a kit-built shed covered in signal blocking foil, which seems to have a decker inside based on a tiny peek through a crack in the door that TD manages. Aradia slips a data tap into an exterior port of the trailer, seemingly meant for hardline hookups for sensor equipment. The trailer also has a protective ward around it, but it seems to be astral only.

There is also a massive ritual circle that is scarred with weapons and explosives damage, and another medium sized structure, a cube cell filled with slagged electronics. TD manages to sneakily scoop up a sample of these, though they don’t look super recoverable. Meanwhile, Heat starts a hack from outside, spotting the decker’s icon and going for a massive alpha strike with some drug and program assistance. He takes out the decker in one hit, and starts rifling through the well-protected files in the closed system as an audible alarm goes off inside the building.

Aradia and TD, cut off from team comms for opsec, decide that the alarm must mean Heat has done his part, and decide it’s time to get out, seeing guards rushing to secure the doors and racing to the hacker’s shed with a crashcart. They go outside “to secure the perimeter” after not quite nailing their impersonation of knowing what they’re doing with the guns they’re issued, and quickly end up in a small dustup with the 2 guards outside, who luckily are still in their lighter “low profile” armor, and are quickly KO’ed by Creep from hiding.

The team quickly hotfoots it to the van, and they race away before anyone has a chance to follow, Otters doing some skilled pursuit avoidance before they find a safe spot to park nearby and ditch the uniforms and disguises. Driving more chill after that, they arrange a meet with Niki to hand over the goods and do the debrief, and after answering some of her questions, she says they’ll be meeting with the Johnson as well. Heat calls the ZDF on the facility to provide a little further distraction, but fails to spoof his ID, telling them that there is a loose beast spirit who seems to be kept captive there. The team is a little split on this decision.

They head to the meet, at the same krill spot again, after swapping SINs and disguises. They meet Niki and another very femme fatale woman named Vishala, who PPJ and Heat have some trouble playing it cool around. She pays up and tells them that based on their satisfactory performance, she’ll likely have more work for them soon. They head out and rest up at the safehouse, before Heat gets a call from Cat, telling him she needs a team right now for a retrieval job and sending the details of where to meet the Johnson, at a diner not far from their safehouse.

They head out, and meet up with a pro seeming elf woman named Stiletto (possibly referencing her magical dagger, though she seems either non-magical herself or good as masking). Creep makes a point of spotting her bodyguards, but she manages to turn it into her looking even more pro, suggesting they were meant to be noticed and hinting at further unnoticed measures. She gives the team a quick brief to agree to terms before she gets into details, and they accept.

She explains that she was in contact with a security spider who’d fled ARES during their chaotic move, about getting him to somewhere safe and purchasing a data set from him. She has his last location but says the call dropped suddenly after he encountered some sort of trouble on the matrix, and she needs them to go retrieve him and his data, with the data being the higher priority. She passes along his safehouse location in the Warrens, and Otters gets Morticia flying over immediately.

She spots an old scrapyard and auto shop, seemingly with the safehouse on the second floor, defended by turrets, sensors, and mines. However, all the turrets and sensors look deactivated. Otters races the team over in the van while splitting her attention, using assorted fake SINs to enter- as usual it looks easier to go into the barrens of this town than to exit. Otters parks nearby while Creep sneaks up, taking a look at the mines, which also look disabled. He uses a grenade to make surprise trap out of one at the bottom of the stairs to the second floor.

Creep sneaks up the stairs with PPJ joining him, who uses his spectral hand to open the door, who powerful locks have also been disengaged. They see a mess inside- the spider seems to be link-locked, and likely dead or dying, with his smoking deck giving off a disturbing whirring sound. There are various chips and devices scattered around, and a Valkyrie Module straining and failing to stabilize him. He seems to have flopped onto the floor in order to slam a large red button with a bunch of cables running out of it as his last action, which they assume was what disabled all the traps and locks.

Creep tries to heal him, unsuccessfully, before disconnecting the deck, successfully, and then shooting the decker through his headware to make sure not to leave anything recoverable. They head out into the scrapyard and hide as Heat warns of incoming GOD forces- a matrix interdiction just went up on the spotty local grid, and Otters is able to spot a troop carrier VTOL en route. Aradia, thinking fast, casts an illusion of a safe landing zone as the VTOL arrives.

2 GOD soldiers fast rope down to the “safe” area, landing straight on Creep’s explosives trap, doing massive damage to their milspec armor but seemingly not harming the people within. However, this causes the GOD forces to get a lot more serious all of a sudden, and Otters kicks the van into high gear as PPJ and Creep race to board it and they come under fire from a GOD mage and VTOL-mounted miniguns. Heat calls in the Chrome Domes for reinforcements, sending them location data.

The van takes some bad hits, so Otters guns it out of LOS and then hides, rather than fighting, as they see the Chrome Domes coming to their rescue. Heat, fearing a loss of rep, decides to return to help in the fight, but luckily for him is a very slow runners and only gets there to see the aftermath- GOD has wiped out the CD’s leaving a smear of flesh, tech, and moto parts along a few block stretch of the Warrens! Heat sees GOD troopers ripping data from any surviving jacks and confirming their kills, and worries what this may mean for him as he was the one who called them here.

However, for now he must survive, so he stays offline, and sneaks back to the van, where Otters has been doing a quick surface patch with the repair drone to get the stealth coatings working again even though the armor is fucked. They head back to a different exit than they used to enter, using different SINs and a different van spoof. After their SINs pass and they banter with the guards a bit about being lucky to be able to leave after “whatever that was”, they head back to the diner to meet Stiletto.

They pass over the deck in a faraday bag, and she pays up, also telling them that given their solid results she’ll likely have more work soon. With a few jobs under their belts, some new contacts, and a decent payday, they decide to maybe take a few days off and upgrade some ‘ware, rest, patch up the van, and maybe get some fresh ID’s.

Mystery Meat Part 3
1/15/2024, 5:10:22 PM
Runners
Creep
The Detective
Otters aka Roadkill
Pepper Jack
Heat
Aradia

The team redirects their investigation to tracking down the money cow origin after losing their infiltrator drone to the facility’s suspiciously tight security. Otters and Heat do some forum digging on train foamer message boards and figure out where the cattle cars came from that carried the delivery that the money cow was included in. Otters feels confident she can recognize the cow, and they trace the train back to a cattle depot, where a number of ranches bring their herds to sell to bulk buyers. Otters knows it would be normal practice for buyers to have vets on call to examine sample cows from different batches when purchasing, and thinks this could be a good way to get a secret package in.

They buy some fake uniforms and fancy duds, assortedly, as Heat takes them on a little shopping trip around some Hub spots he likes. They also make tentative contact with a pawn shop owner who is rumored to have a sideline in black market goods, though Creep gets the vibe she might not quite be at “missile” level, either in general, or maybe just with them as of yet. They rest up and head to the exchange depot in the morning. Heat uses a TM power to spike one of the old, outdated cameras onsite, and then posing as a repair tech (with uniform + tools) clambers up to access it.

Otters takes the rest of the crew into the vet shed and starts making casual convo for now, with Aradia and TD posing as potential buyers while the rest are security/advisors. Heat hacks the camera and they scrub through the logs from the last few days, and find a strangely feral man leading the cow in question into the vet shed very early the previous morning. Asking around, they ID him as a freelance vet and possibly shapeshifter named RawDog, who only comes in on mondays, which lines up with their speculated schedule.

They call around a bit and do some internet digging to make sure he doesn’t have any obvious problem connections, and finding none, decide to just contact him directly. Aradia manages to get him on the line after about a day of trying, and Heat traces the call to find RD seemingly walking north through the Gap district alongside I-25. Creep hops in the VTOL with the requisite gear and Otters flies him down to intercept, while Aradia cons RD to keep him on the line.

Creep sneaks up behind him after landing, Gamma-Scopolamines him, mage cuffs and hoods him to prevent shifting or spellcasting, and kicks on an area jammer to block comms, with Heat having noticed he has an unusually nice comm for his peripatetic lifestyle. Creep hauls him offroad a little more and hides with him in some scrub brush, seeing some large animals, strange spirits and go-gangs roving the wilds off-highway but remaining unnoticed. The rest of the team shows up about 90 minutes later in the van.

Otters tells RD it’ll all be fine before Aradia and PPJ KO him with spells. Aradia reads his mind, really scraping it clean this time, before they dose him with Laës and Heat scrubs their calls from his comm logs. Otters, feeling a little guilty since this guy seems cool, leaves him a little pile of credsticks too, so he’ll have an interesting time waking up. They find out that he is freelancing for a lawyer, who gives him the small hardcase (filled with data chips and credsticks, though he doesn’t know or ask) once a week to insert into the cow, and then report back with the cows ID tag info to the lawyer and get paid.

They do some research on the lawyer, and Aradia confers with Kobold again, who confirms that his name is on the paperwork for a number of the shell corps stacked up to obscure whoever owns the meat processing plant. They head back to town and stake the lawyer out. He works out of a pretty standard multi-office professional building, which seems to keep regular hours, though his lights remain on after most of the office workers leave.

Aradia projects in and can’t find any life signs so manifests, and narrowly avoids getting spotted by the lawyer, who seems to be working away behind his desk. She dips out and they debate what to do- he’s either fully mechanical, or very magically powerful. They decide to infiltrate. Heat finds a surreptitious camera and hacks it, getting access to building doors and elevators through the system, and PPJ makes himself, Heat, and Creep invisible as Heat gets them up to the lawyer’s floor in the elevator without alerting security.

However, he tells the team they’ll need to move fast, as his Overwatch score is rapidly climbing with all this activity. Creep sneaks into the bathroom ceiling next to the lawyer’s office and makes his way over the wall in the drop ceiling, using his LRAD to scope out the lawyer, who if robotic, is high end to a level the team is not familiar with- autonomic system sounds and everything. They decide to attack from two angles, and PPJ uses his spectral hand to open the door as Creep slides open a ceiling tile. They catch the lawyer by surprise, and Creep hits him with a dart while Heat tags him with some stick’n’shock, shredding his clothes but seemingly mostly bouncing off a non-conductive skin coating he has.

The dart seems to have not effect, harmlessly sticking out of his shoulder. He leaps to his feet, flips the desk up in front of him one-handed (strong!), and his arm splits open as he blasts Heat with a gatling laser. Again- not a tech level the team is familiar with. Heat takes a hard hit but returns fire, as the lawyer also fires on Creep, who drops from the ceiling, badly hurt. Otters jumps into the matrix and starts jamming comms from the office, and the lawyer blasts out and the leaps through a window, surprisingly surviving the 6 story fall and landing in a small crater, which TD sees from across the street.

Aradia runs out of the cafe her and Otters have posted up in a block away, and manages to spot the lawyer and snag him with a levitate spell against his will. Inside, PPJ runs to the window, and hits the lawyer with a lightning bolt, which causes him to dramatically explode into a bunch of mechanical bits. He then spots what looks like a small contrail headed their way. He turns and runs out of the room, yelling “missile”! Creep grabs a rolodex that he spots, and then follows suit, stopping to try to help Heat, who trips on the hallway carpet and eats it.

Creep and Heat both get caught in the blast, with Creep bleeding out, so Heat grabs him as PPJ gets them into another office, and opens the window, so Aradia can levitate them all out, which she does, while also starting to cleanse her astral signature from the area. Otters call a car from her concierge service to a location she spots nearby between cameras, and they all link up there, with the two mages and Otters doing some frantic healing to stabilize Creep and patch Heat up a bit.

They take off in the town car just as ZDF patrol cars arrive on scene, with specialist investigators close on their heels. Otters decides to bribe the driver to be chill, and after some conversation and quick stroll down memory lane (which isn’t entirely welcome for Otters) realizes that Mile High Cab service is likely a retired smuggler’s “made good” business, but that the driver’s are known for their discretion, so long as you don’t bring biz into the cars.

With that resolved, the driver rolls up the partition to leave them to it, and they start looking at the rolodex after Otters rebuffs an attempt by Aradia and TD to inquire into her missing memories. TD manages to piece together some details and names from the rolodex, as well as a bit of a timeline, and after Aradia calls in some assistance from Dean Costello and they do some research, they figure out some general details. It seems like an MCT scientists named Bishek Tam is involved, who was one of the leads on their TM research/torture program (Otters has a disturbing flash memory that she knew he always gave the best price for TM’s but pushes it down).

Interestingly, he went missing shortly before this whole project seems to have begun ramping up, or at least there is no official record of him since then. Also, an ex-NeoNET A-corp called “Matrix Assets INC” seems to be involved, they were bought by Spinrad during the corp shuffle after NN’s dissolution post-Boston CFD revelations, but have since been sold again to an unlisted private buyer, and rumors are their Boston HQ host in now overrun with vines, and is regarded as a death trap for hackers. So this implies the Null Sect either bought or took over MAI, who seem to also be somehow connected to this research program.

Also, the transfer of MAI out from Spin Global’s portfolio apparently occurred shortly before Johnny’s death, and possibly without his knowledge or involvement as he was busy on his acquisition spree and celebratory tour of the world after finally getting his “AAA” rating. So, a larger mystery is afoot, but they finally feel like they have enough info to satisfy the job requirements to the level of pro they seek, and they set up a meet with Cat, Heat using his and Creep’s busted up condition on the call to barter for some extra money.

Cat hosts them in her office at the One-Up Barcade, her spot, after Heat insists on checking that all matrix devices are off and they have taken appropriate counter-surveillance measures. Cat seems to think he’s being overparanoid until he mentions the NS involvement, after which she gets onboard. She seems much less familiar with the NS than the team, but at least broadly aware of their threat level. She thanks them for going the extra mile on the job and pays up, saying she’ll get their name around town as a reliable team.

Heading out with a new fixer contact, Heat sets up a performance in the Aurora Warrens through Jonny Silver, who has a warehouse show planned to celebrate the end of recording the first Glock .50 LP on his Silversounds imprint on Weekday Eclipse, Perianwyr’s new label in exile, named in honor of his destroyed club. The team arrives at the Warrens venue, near the border so freindly-ish to outsiders. They see some gangers doing security and recognize them as Fronts, a large sprawl gang that has been making a lot of the other smaller gangs into vassals of late.

More upsettingly to some on the team, Heat’s biggest fans seem to be a thrill kill cyber gang called the Chrome Domes, who look truly ripe to repeat the problems the team encountered with Metal Maniacs in Detroit. Heat shrugs it off but warns everyone to stay away from the CD’s in the pit during his set. G50 is on first, with Jonny impressarioning from behind a purple rope in the impromptu VIP area. He waves PPJ over but PPJ demurs, for now.

Heat’s set is indecipherably fast to everyone on the team except Otters, who has to go hot to get it, until Creep clips and slows down some segments for everyone else to listen to. The CD’s do indeed go wild in the pit, injuring some unprepared civilians in the process, as Heat sprays them with water from the stage, creating steam cloud off their overclocked bulk cyber-limbs. The crowd goes wild as the cops arrive, and the CD’s start blasting immediately as everyone else scatters. Another successful show!

The team crashes at assorted safehouses, and PPJ gets a weird call from Darien Black in the morning- not only has he not been able to make sense of the glyph yet, it disappeared from his devices while he was researching it. He still has a print out but warns the team to be careful in their research, and says he could maybe learn more with more glyphs, but that he thinks there is a Qabbalistic element, though it may all still be gibberish.

They also get a call from a new fixer, “Niki the Gardener”, who says she is working on behalf of an anonymous Johnson to hire them for another job, having heard good things from Cat. They agree to a meet at a krill restaurant, and go have a fairly pleasant family-style meal with a view of the mountains while talking biz. Niki is very friendly and done up, and tries to flirt with Creep a bit to no avail. This doesn’t seem to dim her charm at all as she gives them the rundown, using some high end counter-surveillance gear and seeming to know enough about it to impress Otters.

They agree to a warehouse break-in and data steal, for kind of low pay, but the job sounds probably not too hard and they feel like it’s another test run of a sort. They do a little research on Niki, and find out that similar to Cat she’s a pretty new fixer who’s getting established- it seems like all the turmoil in Denver lately has lead to some vacancies in the shadow industries. But she is regarded as repaying loyalty with loyalty, and having a background in corp tech or surveillance or something, which explains her gear knowledge and collection.

They prepare to start recon on the site,

Mystery Meat Part 2
1/8/2024, 3:15:38 PM
Runners
Creep
The Detective
Otters aka Roadkill
Pepper Jack
Heat
Aradia

Meanwhile, PPJ had a meeting with Darien Black. They catch up a bit, settling somewhat into their old routine. PPJ gets some emotional satisfaction from Black seeming to almost admit that he would have been sad had he not Returned. Black does insist on testing the color of PPJ’s blood, which implies some level of knowledge on his part as well. PPJ asks Black if he is Black Lodge, and he insists he isn’t, so PPJ shares a lot of info with him, though he holds back about his mystery crystal. PPJ agrees to be studied a bit, but gets a strong feeling he should try to carefully resist giving up certain info, and does so, using his occasionally available bonus power to do so.

Black tells him about what they found, as well as sharing intel about the most recent season of Temple of Terror, and what he thinks has been going on there. However, the IOND examiners seem to have missed the mystery crystal, perhaps mistaking it as part of the blood crystal spine, and Black merely warns PPJ of using the enemies tools, as it is a slippery slope. Black tells PPJ that based on intel they’ve gathered and direct examinations, the IOND thinks that ToT is being used as both some sort of sacrifice ritual, and also to sell or give some of it’s contestants to some entity on the plane of Carcean, which has a bustling trafficking scene.

PPJ seems to have managed to shield his Dis experience, as Black only mentions Carcean and Kadath, but does seem legitimately excited that PPJ was able to Return and seems to be the “real” him, if for no other reason than the expensive education he has received. Black tasks him with doing some investigating into other magical orders and groups in town, looking for Black Lodge infiltration and anything else suspicious, and also suggests he attempt to make contact with the Rogue Lodge. PPJ agrees, gets assigned a tiny dorm room in the IOND hub facility, makes himself at home, and then returns to the team. He feels his magic power grow a bit after he returned to the site of his education and youth.

The team stays up late making a plan for the next day’s shift, hoping to catch some of the mystery employees being smuggled out for the weekend. Creep stays inside the facility overnight avoiding guards. Heat gets PPJ a job there as well by filling in an application for him on the hosts job portal. PPJ, TD, and Aradia each take a separate bus in, and make careful recordings of everyone aboard, trying to memorize all the faces to compare in the evening. Heat and Otters monitor from the van, camo’ed as a rural pest control vehicle. TD also smuggles in a jury-rigged transmitter that Otters built, and gets it to Creep.

While the 3 undercover employees work and keep and eye out for guard patrols and other employees, Creep carefully cuts a hole through the Faraday-caged slaugtherhouse floor, and inserts the transmitter. Otters tests that signal is good but leaves it offline for now. Everyone gets through the day, and Creep stays behind again, planting the snake drone on one of the interior guards before they descend the freight elevator for shift change. Otters and Heat follow the buses in their van, at a safe distance, while Aradia, TD, and PPJ take a look at the other passengers to spot anomolies.

Aradia doesn’t see any on her bus, but TD and PPJ both spot one and assense- TD’s appears mundane, PPJ’s in a technomancer. Heat does a quick head count on surveillance footage of employees leaving, and figures there are 4 extra most likely, so they figure they spotted half of them at least. They decide to converge on the TM, but TD stays on their target just in case, and tails them to a bar, where Aradia heads from her bus dropoff to provide backup if needed.

PPJ tries to tail the TM, who disembarks from the employee bus at a busy transit hub in south Centennial, and is quickly spotted. The TM bolts, and Otters sends another snake drone after him while Heat gives chase on foot, made invisible by PPJ. Otters manages to overclock the drone and tags the TM with a Gamma Scopolamine dart just as he is about to board a train. Heat uses a TM power of his own to jam the train door and get aboard with the now paralyzed TM they were chasing, having PPJ drop the invisibility as people on the platform shout and panic about the snake attack.

Heat tires to play it off as if he is helping the man as the train moves off, while he tries to hack him to get some info. However, the man’s commlink looks to only get turned on every other weekend for 2.5 days, and has no lab info. The train also quickly comes to a stop, with a conductor announcing a “ZDF public safety enforcement action”. A ZDF VTOL quickly comes alongside the raised platform and some troopers pop the door and board the train car as other passengers back away from Heat and the paralyzed man.

A medic comes aboard and takes control of the man, and the other troopers take Heat into custody for questioning, as well as interviewing others on the train quickly and efficiently before exiting and letting the vehicle get back underway. At the station, Heat tries to play it real cool, which mostly works, but his SIN is scanning weirdly (they seem to have high end gear) and since he can’t provide additional ID on the spot, they decide to hold him overnight, at least. Meanwhile, PPJ hops in the van and Otters hightails it out of there, travelling through the Englewood Barrens while switching SINs and van look to ditch pursuit, and getting a little look at that newly dilapidated district in the process- a massive tent city and a KE “Urban” training facility seem like the big destinations, and PPJ gets bad mana vibes, so they exit quickly, passing a SIN scan to do so.

The rest of the team, having lost comms with Heat when he got tossed on the ZDF VTOL, decide to refocus on TD’s target. Aradia manages to chat him up and make plans to go to a second location with her “private car service” while TD watches the exits. Otters and PPJ pull up in the van out front, carefully parking to avoid cameras, and changing the exterior to look like a car service van. Aradia brings the guy out, and they bundle him in, Otters hitting him with GS again and activating a jammer while PPJ yanks him in and Aradia KO’s him with a spell.

Otters changes the van look again a little ways away and carefully drives around Centennial for a while, while Aradia mind probes the guy. She has some trouble getting a good lock on his brain for some reason, but does get some good intel: the lab is studying the intersection/cross effects of Dissonance and Astral phenomena such as rifts. They gets intel on facility layout, number of staff, etc, as well as contact info for the two program leads, one mage and one TM, who each head one side of the facility. However, he has no idea who is paying him and seems just fine with that, as the rate is good and he doesn’t have to do anything explicitly unethical, as he seems purposefully incurious as to where their metahuman test subjects come from.

Deciding to play it safe, and having already seen news coverage and a ZDF press release about the snake drone attack at the transit hub, Aradia calls up her hacker contact Kobold and hires her to erase this guy’s comm, and then she heads solo to the Hub to meet up with Dean Costello and buy a couple doses of Laës. They flirt a bit during the transaction at the Tower of Babel club, which seems to make Dean’s date a bit jealous. Aradia heads back, and Kobold sends along the scraped data and reports job done. They dose the guy with the Laës and drop him out back of a plausible hacker bar in the area, figuring that story will tell itself and he’ll be too embarrassed to report anything.

Aradia also gets a call from her old blackmailed contact Simonetta Chandra, who reports that she will be the team’s point of contact at AZT from now on. She seems to be trying out a little bit of a role reversal powerplay, having seemingly ascended the ranks a bit since Aradia made a clean break with her and gave her some good intel by way of a peaceable parting. Aradia big dogs her back by reporting that the team recently had a convo with AZT’s CEO, and Chandra blanches a bit but mostly brazens through it, saying that she’ll be in touch when AZT has need of their services next, and will of course be happy to help supply the team for their criminal activities in GW’s domain as needed.

Aradia hires Kobold again to do some digging into the two program leads as the lab, as well as any ownership data on the facility, while the team rests. Otters makes one quick connection to the snake drone inside the facility, sneaking it to a good hiding spot, and then shutting down again til the next day. They rest, and get some intel when they awaken- the whole property is owned by a series of shell corps registered in various offshore domains, so not much to go on there. And not a ton on the program leads either- the TM is ex-NeoNET, and regarded as somewhat of a traitor to her kind, and the mage is a sort of adjunct for hire who has bounced around between various academic and corp positions without sticking anywhere longterm, but with a mid-quality specialization in astral phenomena practical research.

Both have a rep for being more interested in money than morals, and both went dark about 6 months back, seeming to live at the facility fulltime. This checks out with what the team has seen from the other employees there as well. They also find out the TM is a big fan of Aztlaner cutlure and history, but has no known AZT ties. They drive back out to Castle Rock, conceal themselves as pest control again, and Otters starts sneaking around with the drone. She gets a good look at half the facility, luckily emerging into the magic half, which presumably has lower chance of being detected.

She gets some more experimental data, scans the personnel, and sees that the two halves of the facility are thoroughly kept apart- they talk via old school hardwired vid monitors, and have no wireless connections from side to side. There seem to be up to 4 “subjects” detained on each side, and 8 staff during the week, with rotating weekend breaks. The 9 security guards rotate between the hardened safe room Creep saw, and 4 upstairs/2 on call to each side patrols, while resting. The staff all seem fairly friendly and comfortable with each other. Otters is also able to observe another video meeting between the two program heads, and gets some research data off a screen.

She also overhears them talking about pay and next instructions arriving monday, so decides to keep the drone around to try to get more intel. She sneaks it into the plumbing to hide from what looks like a weekly sunday bug sweep, and puts it in standby for now. The undercover employees head back to work monday, and keep an eye out for anything suspicious, eventually spotting the manager separating one of the cows from the herd to work on himself, and then handing off a sealed case to one of the interior security guards.

They leave, and Otters sneaks the snake back out of the plumbing and hides in the main guard break room, waiting for one of them to bring the case in, which they do before long. Cracking it open, Otters can see two data chips, as well as what looks like one certified credstick per underground employee. The guards leave 4 behind and split the rest into two piles, each taking one out into one wing. Otters follows into the magic wing again, and see the guard happily distributing pay to the various lab techs.

Otters follows the guard to the program heads’ office and sneaks in, where the guard gives him one of the data chips and the final credstick before exiting. The mage goes over to the wall and hits a big safety switch, and Otters looses connection to the drone. The team sticks around for a bit, til some of the interior guards come out equipped with scoped long guns and start scanning the horizon. They take off and head back to town, with the intent of looking into cattle stuff next, to see where the packages are getting inserted.

Otters also sets up a crawler drone with a commlink to run her new high end clean SIN in her fancy but unappointed Hub apartment, and sets an agent to do some occasional matrix activity on it while it moves around the apartment throughout the day, just to establish a viable cover, as she got spooked by how hard it is to run in a town with cops and SIN scanners again after getting accustomed to Detroit. The Detective takes a lengthy break to relax in an opiate haze in a tub for a while.
