Mars City Shadowrun

Holy Mackerel
6/9/2025, 1:07:48 PM
Runners
Otters aka Roadkill
Aradia
Ruxpin
Bug
Breeze

With Ruxpin finally recovered, the team briefs him on the previous run. Echo splits off for some downtime- a celebrity chef has a rare pop-up event that they want to attend. They start trying to figure out how to access the ANIMUS facility hidden under Washington Bridge for Vida Nova. First, they follow up on a tip, and hire a Ratboy to lead them around the area in the Underground. With a significant time investment and some good luck, they eventually find a fully sealed passage leading a few blocks from the encased bridge facility to what looks like a parking structure. Using her navigation skills, Otters figures out that it is hidden under a former USPS parking garage in North Harlem.

They leave Ruxpin and Bug belowground, given that Ruxpin is kitted out in heavy armor and power glove, and Bug is Bug, and go to surveil the garage. Breeze pays Kobold to get him a ticket there, which he leans over a barricade to grab, and then uses to gain entry through the security door. Aradia and Breeze act a big show of “dude where’s my car” for the cameras, while they poke around, with Aradia assensing and Otters scanning through vision modes herself and via drone.

They find a few cars that look to have been there a while in the lower level, and are able to tell there is a warded space behind the wall, concealed by some sort of complex multi-part mechanism. Otters hides some drones onsite and has them check in a random schedule. They head back to the Underground entrance, in the basement of a soul food spot, and all get some food, bringing some down for Ruxpin and Bug as well. After a few hours waiting, Otters gets a hit from the drones- a van, looking like it could be Gramius or another similar ANIMUS driver, pulls in.

One of the cameras in the basement flashes some kind of code to the van, and then the two parked cars the team had noticed both rotate out on some kind of turntable system, leaving just enough room for the van to drive between them through the wall that opened up behind them. It descends a steep ramp, and presumably goes down into the concealed parking area they found in the Underground as the door closes behind it and the cars rotate back to their position.

The team debates means of approach- they could try to intercept the van, but based on what they know about the vans, and Gramius, they assume it will be hard to ID unless they hit it at the garage, which has heavy surveillance, and the driver will likely be a hard target as well. They discuss cutting or alchemically spell-shaping their way into the passageway Underground, since there are no entrances down there that they could find, but aren’t sure what they would find, what security measures might be alerted, and if Aradia could get them all in through the high force Ward.

Given all of that, they decide to focus on intercepting a courier and posing as them to gain entry, as Vida Nova had originally suggested. Since Aradia already got a good read on Stuart, and the team did a decent amount of surveillance on him without getting spotted (barely), and since he seems high level enough to be a worthwhile target, they decide to focus on him. They make a plan, get all the gear and prep they need to do done, and call up Mx. Seven to make sure the Null are ready to roll when needed. With that, Breeze heads down to Coney Island, to wait in the area Vida Nova had pointed out and try to spot Stuart headed up north.

Using a fake “down on his luck” SIN, he finds some other rougher looking types and joins their milling group while faking a phone call to an ex about whose fault everything was, to make sure noone wants to approach him. He eventually spots Stuart striding confidently towards his speed boat, doing good counter-surveillance as usual, but not nearly spotting Breeze this time. He calls it into the team and they get in position. Otters parks the sub low in the East River nearby, and then launches Bug (with an air tank) in one of the VTOLS, positioning him under the bridge, where he crawls around the sub-structure to find a good sniping post.

Otters then swings the VTOL back to pick herself up (also with air tank) while using the other VTOL to drop Ruxpin down into the river near the dock that Stuart uses. He stands on the bottom with Otters’ water jet, waiting. Aradia, on the shore, conjures up a water spirit and gets it in position, along with a multi-sensory illusion. As Stuart’s speedboat approaches, Aradia has the water spirit crash a wave into it, slowing it and throwing Stuart off-balance, as she also drops the illusion of a normal Stuart in speedboat over the scene.

Prepared, Bug gets off two quick shots with his rifle, the Stick’N’Shock rounds proving extra effective on the soaked Stuart, who tumbles from the back of the boat, where Otters has used the water jet to position Ruxpin. Ruxpin hooks up the medkit to Stuart, dosing him with Slab, and limiting the oxygen he will require Ruxpin to share to keep him alive. Ruxpin, spotting the secure courier wristband clasped around his wrist, rips off the hand and wristband and tosses them up to Aradia, on the bank.

Aradia, meanwhile, skims the surface of Stuart’s mind, using Ruxpin as the lynchpin for the spell. Even KO’ed and drugged, he has impressive mental defenses. She gets the code and entry protocol to the facility, and knows that he was meant to deliver his message of the day directly to one of the staff doctors, but not much else. Good enough! Aradia grabs the hand and bracelet, and tries to shove her hand through, only partially succeeding. Using the final service from the water spirit, she has it bring the speedboat to the dock, maintaining her illusion until it arrives, and the stepping off in her Stuart disguise- matching his aura with metamagic, and matching his look (inclluding proper wristband position) with another illusion.

She heads over to the access panel Bug found hidden behind the bench, as Breeze calls into Mx. Seven, who say they will deal with the anthrodrones, and await the team getting an open channel to the facility interior. Bug spots the jogger drones all take up a different security perimeter as they seem to fall under Null control. Aradia uses Stuart’s hand to activate the touchpad, and then uses his fingers to enter the alphanumeric code. The stair open behinds her, and she descends, tossing the loose hand off into the shadows of the bridge.

She does her best Stuart impersonation to the guards and receptionist she finds there, and manages to stand her ground, not giving over her courier delivery, which seems to require a thumbprint that isn’t Stuart’s to open. She is ushered into a patient room and told to wait til the doctor that the delivery for is available. Meanwhile, Otters has positioned herself right by the irising trash chute in the other VTOL, and uses her custom made wedge and spreader tool to jam into and crank it open. Some alerts flash on some system lights but with how offline this whole place is, the team hopes it will take the facility a bit to notice and get someone out to check on it.

Otters starts a snake drone up the waste-slicked, steep chute, hauling a data cable with it. She finds a compactor, with another sealed hatch above it, this one looks like a standard industrial trash chute door. She carefully navigates the snake through the compactor, slipping the data cable into nooks and crannies to ensure it isn’t crushed or severed. She reaches the next portal, and waits for someone to dump some trash. Inside, Aradia has rebuffed a nurse also offering to take delivery for the busy doctor, and finally gets taken back to see her. She used her time in the patient room to get one data tap in place on a locked terminal, for once the Null get access.

She heads back, and gets a cursory greeting from the doc, who uses her thumb to unlock the courier wristband, which Aradia has to carefully position to line up her illusion with the doctor’s touch. She grabs a data chip from inside, and Aradia (as Stuart still) is told to leave. The nurse who’s been escorting her seems to know and dislike Stuart. Aradia does her best to stall, insisting on using the bathroom but finding no terminals there, and then using an illusion of Stuart tying his shoes while she goes invisible and silent, to sneak back to the doctor’s room and get a data tap on her computer to try to see what was on that chip she delivered.

Unfortunately, Aradia isn’t very good at sleight of hand tricks and the doctor sees the data tap right away. The doctor yanks it out and calls security before Aradia can drop her with a massive Agony spell and plug it back in. Luckily, a custodian (who is also another armed guard) dumps the trash at that moment, allowing Otters to sneak the drone in and gets comms up to Aradia and the Null. Mx. Seven announces that they are starting the hack, and Aradia decides to beat feet, heading for the trash chute as her spells and illusions start to get detected.

One of the guards emerges wearing a large contraption on his head that seems to allow him to see through her illusions, and takes a shot at her which she only avoids by the smallest degree, and feels she has permanently used up some of her luck in doing so. She dives out the trash chute, with the Null seemingly opening it for her and preventing the guards on her tail from opening it again or starting the compactor as she slithers through and slides down, dropping into the river, where Ruxpin catches her and gives her some oxygen while she summons an air spirit to envelop her.

Mx. Seven reports that the systems are heavy duty but old, so they are getting good results. Otters starts exfil, as Breeze gets off the train he was taking up to them to get some Indian food, since the job is done, with Echo stopping by to join him. Otters scoops up Aradia first, and noticing that she doesn’t have any air supplies, just flies her back to the safehouse instead of trying to get her in the sub. She brings herself with air tank to the sub, and hangs on the outside for now. She next picks up Bug from under the bridge, and drops him with air tank off at the sub before swinging back to grab Ruxpin.

Ruxpin, taking the initiative, drowns Stuart and shoves his body into the trash chute, laying his arm across the open portal and then yanking Otters’ wedge tool out, causing the portal to slice shut, and explaining the absent hand, the alert from the trash chute, etc, pinning the blame all on Stuart (hopefully). Based on what Aradia heard inside, Stuart has had a fall from grace in Indica Meiers eyes, given all the leaks and exposures ANIMUS has recently suffered, and he seemed quite proud, so a disgruntled recently demoted spy seems like a good motivation. Regardless, with Ruxpin now also retrieved, they open the sub hatch and take on some water while all loading in, shoving it closed and venting the water as Otters takes them back down to the sub.

They check in with Mx. Seven, who reports that they’ve been cut off from the systems again (the data cable being cut when Ruxpin closed the irising hatch) but got some good intel. As much of it was heavily encrypted and encoded it will take some time to process, to they will report back. For now, they have more patient data, much like what they found at The Octagon. With Brinkvale having helped them comprehend the other batch, they can make better sense of this bunch, and once again recognize some people they know amongst the anonymous patient ID’s.

They pass this along to VN with the promise of more, leaving out the Null’s involvement. She seems thrilled with their work, and pays them a job fee for now, with more coming depending on info quality. With that out of the way, the team rests up a bit, while Aradia ponders her future in the shadows- it’s been a lot of close ones lately, and she’s debating taking on a more backseat role to assist in her continued longevity. However, the team is on the hook for a job of the Null next, in exchange for the Null’s help on this one, so they start readying to tackle that.

Hype also makes good on his threats, and they all take a hit to their rep, though their proactive management blunts the worst of it and they are mostly able to shunt it aside with ease.

Null Sheen Chummer
6/2/2025, 10:21:09 PM
Runners
Otters aka Roadkill
Aradia
Echo
Bug
Breeze

The team heals for a few days aboard the CTRL Salt Delete, and Otters has a flashback, thinking that she actually had seen The Octagon, or somewhere similar, before. Wanting control over her own memories, she gets Aradia to probe into the recesses of her mind. Aradia overdoes it a little bit reducing Otters’ (minimal) willpower as prep, and Otters slips into a light coma. Aradia also uses her new MindNet spell to link up with the other teammates and telepathically share what she discovers. Ruxpin, the most badly injured, continues recovering in a Valkyrie module.

They sift through some of Otters’ memories, and find that she may have been on CIA (or UCAS black ops in general) payrolls as some sort of contractor, in addition to her kidnapping TM’s for MCT. They recognize a few places and figures in her mind- the MCT shadow liaison in NYC, Evan Teeg, hands Otters over to Indica Meiers of the CIA, at a facility that certainly looks to be the Octagon. Otters also seems to recognize someone else in her subconscious as the memory emerges, and Aradia chases, getting the name and image of a very bland human, Stuart, who seems to run the day to day at the facility, while Meiers is more high level perhaps.

The team asks some questions and probes around more, but doesn’t find anything else of use. When Otters wakes up as Aradia stops suppressing her Will, she is excited to bond with Echo about both being government agents, of a sort, though Echo is mildly non-plussed (but handles it well). With that, they rest another day for Aradia to recover from a bunch of heavy casting, and then realize they better get after this paydaya if they want to get anything for it, since The Tiding also ended up with a copy, though possibly lacking some of the context.

They head over to Brinkvale’s, who says he is happy to review the data but will need a bit, and asks them to go peacefully convince Sigurd, the Valkyrie they encountered in Central Park, to return for more therapy and scans after she ran off. They eventually track her down to a local restaurant/brewpub that passes her some extra food from time to time, and bug surveils the side entrance until she arrives. Echo comes out, partially to stop Breeze from taking the lead, and smoothly gets Sigurd to remember them.

Echo figures out that she seems to be humming something, and recognizes some kind of Euro classical. She says she needs to dance and hear other music to get it out of her head, as it it bothering her, and Echo agrees to take her out clubbing tonight, rattling off a few options of the hot spots in town that Heat was invested in. They head over to Central Park, with Otters, Aradia, and Breeze hanging back and getting some street food, while Echo talks up the doorman at Club Interrobang to get Bug and Sigurd in, as appropriately alt people.

Bug actually has a really nice time, and is given an interesting custom drink by the Free Spirit bartender- perfectly divided down the middle when served with some sort of gel, the drink inter-mingles over time, perhaps representing Bug’s two personas. Sigurd also has fun, tossing back a long series of flaming shots on Bug’s tab. Abyssa is there, and plays a Heat track, but sped up even further, which is announced as “AN ABYSSAL REMIIIIIIIX” by the DJ. The crowd seems confused by the 5 second blast of noise, but Bug manages to do a cool standing flip into a death drop, impressing the crowd and earning a small raised eyebrow from Abyssa.

They leave shortly after, as Sigurd is trashed and gets cut off. She starts half stumbling and half flying off into the Park, where the team catches up with her and gets her to agree to go along to Brinkvale’s for some scans, with her and Brinkvale both in part explaining that the last treatment seems to have been an effort to replace some of her missing memories with a nice BTL of a night at the opera, but that her brain seems to have recognized the falsehood and rejected. Breeze impresses her with his frequency of dying, but she says he has a way to go as a warrior as he keep getting sent back and not accepted into Valhalla.

He gets into some philosophy in response, which seems earnest but cringey. They walk her back to the maglev to Brinkvale’s, and get the scans done easily on arrival. She takes off quickly but agrees to return for more, non-BTL, care in the future. Brinkvale explains that they are seeing the memory alterations and blocks break down quicker in the Central Park batch of patients, since they were seemingly released mid-treatment. Putting together some bits and pieces of intel, the team determines there is likely some sort of internal power struggle happening at ANIMUS, as Jonathan Blake runs the security there, and seems to be likely to be the person behind the release of patients, as well as to tipping Piper Jinx off to them.

Both Blake and Meiers interviewed the team, using Piper as an intermediary again, so it seems like those two could represent two opposing factions within the program, or the two could be aligned against an as yet unknown third party. Regardless, interesting, and possibly useful. Brinkvale breaks down the patient data and relays to the team that it shows that even it patients whose treatment was completed, ANIMUS is having a lot of problems with both replication and stability, especially in the longterm. There’s also just a ton of patient data, which he is excited to continue sifting through.

They agree to keep working with him on this, after doing some careful social checks to make sure he’s still on the level, and he scans Otters’ brain as well. He points out how the older alteration was done more crudely than the current technique, but is still exhibiting some of the same failure points, and is excited to hear about the return of some of Otters’ memories. The team heads off, receiving a call from Hype which Breeze naively answers. Aradia takes over and brushes off his threats and insinuations, sticking to the line that the team wants a clean break from Horizon after Heat’s exit.

Since they’ve already done some proactive rep management and also have a lot of new members, they aren’t too worried right now, so Aradia also politely rejects Hype’s offer to get square with Horizon in return for all their ANIMUS data, in addition to a hefty payday. Breeze seems to like Hype and is surprised by the group response, but is happy to go along with it. He also starts learning how to take people’s guns, as that seems like a flaw in his current approach, based on the last mission. They next follow up on Brinkvale’s suggestion to seek out the E-ghost of his old mentor at NYU, from before he went rogue.

With some tips from him and a decent payout to Kobold, they gain access to a hidden research host, tucked inside the NYU medical school matrix host. There, they find the E-ghost of Dr. Sonya Peters along with some copies of herself and a few other digital colleagues, who seem to also have continued their work after death. She initially rebuffs them until Aradia and Echo team up to catch her interest with a quick synopsis of what they are working on. She gives them a little time before turning back to her work- she seems quite haughty and not sad to no longer need sleep- and informs them that a man she assumes was a CIA or similar spook (who matches Stuart’s description) approached her around a year back, shortly before her death.

He attempted to recruit her into something that sounds a lot like ANIMUS as the team describes it to her, and seemed disappointed by her rejection. She believed, based on the limited info she was presented, that there was no way they could be developing and using the tech ethically based in their timeline and prospectus, and was also sketched out that they wouldn’t reveal the ID of either party of funders in what was described to her as a public/private co-initiative. Shortly after her refusal, she developed an aggressive cancer out of nowhere, which quickly killed her. She says that luckily she had taken precautions to prevent the loss to the world of her brilliant mind, but that she wouldn’t disapprove if the team took a little righteous revenge for her unnecessarily early departure from the corporeal realm. She pass along a comm number that Stuart had given her to to call if she changed her mind, which she never used.

The team decides to sell this latest data to Vida Nova, making clear that it isn’t fully exclusive, re: the Tiding having a copy, and then plan to also pass a copy to Old Soup a bit after VN, to stay on his good side as well.
Echo also finally hears from Adelaide White, the ex-CIA vamp scientist who is a long way from her own time, and puts her in touch with VN, who seems delighted by the oddness and depravity of what is effectively a cannibalistic time traveller. The team also assembles a composite image of Stuart from their minds, and runs it through MonaLisa, getting a result that confirms their suspicions. Instead of a “no match” or similar, it looks to Echo like someone has been making an ongoing effort to scrub images of Stuart from searchable databases, implying he is still active and connected.

VN offers to pick them up, and grabs them off the street in her combo box truck/office. Following up on Breeze’s request, she has her fighting torso on, and dislocates his shoulder with some aggressive arm wrestling, perhaps proving her point. She helps him get it back into joint, and then continues with the meeting. She agrees to the terms, buys the data, and seems happy they came to her first. She says she’ll look into it all and get back to them soon with some likely follow up work. The next day she calls with a lead- she managed to track the commlink, which seemed to primarily be in two areas, one zone around Coney Island, and one around Washington Height/North Harlem.

The team decides to surveil the Harlem/Washington Heights end, and Echo eventually lucks out and spots Stuart mooring a small cigarette boat and hopping ashore. The team starts tailing, with Breeze and Echo on foot and Morticia in the air, while Aradia makes an approach in the astral. Bug hangs back for support with Otters in the van. The boat also explains the odd signal VN got from the comms- he was bouncing between relay towers while speed-boating up the river, likely commuting between this site, The Octagon, and whatever is in Coney Island (maybe just the boat storage and convenient ferry access). Aradia gets a good look at his essence- he’s non-magical, but has a lot of well-concealed high-end implants. She then breaks off when he checks a leech band on his wrist, seemingly warned of her astral presence nearby.

Echo has to split off next, as Stuart seems quite skilled, and almost spots them while checking for tails. Breeze is next to fall back, when Stuart makes a series of 4 right turns to check for tails again. He doesn’t confront any of them, so they aren’t sure if they were made or if he is just thorough. Either way, he’s good. Luckily, Otters is able to keep Moritica on target, and maybe due to the various close calls on the ground, Stuart isn’t looking up much, so she sees him duck under one of the spars of the Washington Bridge to the Bronx, step behind a pedestrian bench, and then disappear. There’s a jogging path down by the river, but no good way to get Morticia down that low without exposing her, so Bug heads in as he hasn’t been seen yet.

He pokes around the area a bit, and is glad Morticia saw something, as he otherwise never would have found it. Tucked behind the bench, up against the bridge and concealed between two supports, is a panel in the ground. The seam is barely visible as it was just used, and would likely be quickly covered by dirt and debris after an normal passage of time. Aradia does a flyby and can’t see through, but spots traces of a high-power, well-concealed ward inside. Bug finds one section of the panel that isn’t covered in turf and is actually a hologram of grass and dirt, that seems to lead to some sort of access controls, but as he can’t see them and doesn’t want to trip any alarms he backs off for now.

While the rest of the team has been watching this, they also spot a set of suspicious joggers on a patrol around the area, all of which seem to be VERY high-end anthroform drones, when examined closer. They blend in well though. They don’t notice other overt security, but this already seems like a tough one. Otters calls up Eduard Cabrera of the Rat Pack, and talks architecture and Underground with him. Comparing notes, they can see that when the bridge was rebuilt post-quakes, the Manhattan end was built a lot larger, in terms of supports, casings, pilings, and other sub-structure, than the Bronx end, and there is no access to the large footprint in the Underground, so no knowing what someone might have tucked away in there.

Otters takes some drones out on a recon mission, first bringing herself under the bridge in one of the new VTOL’s, and taking a look around. She spots what looks like a trash port, that irises open from the inside, and decides to risk using mana drops to get more intel. Unfortunately, she has a hard time interpreting the data and gets a little freaked out, so sends Aradia down again to try as well. She gets a better read, and has a feeling this is how the facility dumps waste of all kinds, including failed test subjects, so it has a bad vibe in the astral. But could certainly be one way in. Thinking about it, they decide this is unlikely to just be a safehouse and must be another full ANIMUS facility, as they had seen some fragmented memories in patient’s minds of both an island location (the Octagon) and somewhere in the city (here?).

They report in to VN again, and she congratulates them on the successful recon, saying she will observe for a bit and get back to them. While debating how to get in, as they assume they will need to, they decide that perhaps they should follow up with Cat on her reluctant collaboration with the Null Sect, as if they do a job for the Null, maybe the Null could help them with this job. Cat sets a meeting, again as Castle Clinton in Battery City. The team heads over and spots SPYder doing some surveillance as they approach, he gives them a friendly nod. They find Cat waiting in some chav-y casual wear, alongside a very bland looking salaryman type, who seems a little awkward.

They introduce themselves as Mx. Seven, or “Explorer Primary 7” for their full title. They explain that they are quite comfortable in “outer worlds” and excited to explore further, though they hold themselves a bit oddly and talk to loud, seeming to have some trouble with volume modulation. Regardless, they have a job for the team and are happy to trade assistance on the team’s job for the team’s assistance on theirs. As a gesture of good faith, they agree to tackle the team’s job first, and say that the anthrodrones will be no issue, and that further hacking assistance should be simple so long as the team brings along some data taps and transmitters.

They also hand over a backup of similar gear, along with some mapping drones, for the team to use on their job when they get to it- infiltrating, mapping and data tapping a nearby AZT warehouse complex, which Mx. 7 believes contains some hidden levels, as well as some useful intel in their search for a pathway to Dis, reiterating once again that the Null are, of course, natural explorers. The team makes the deal, with various degrees of uneasiness, and reports back to VN, leaving the specifics out. She tells them that her best idea after observing the site is to intercept Stuart or one of the couriers that occasionally visit, get a copy of whatever message they are carrying, and then pose as them to deliver it, or pose as Stuart if they are up for it. Courier seems easier, so that’s the plan for the time being.

In bed with the Null! Should at least prove to be effective.

Octagon in 60 Seconds
5/26/2025, 12:15:19 PM
Runners
Otters aka Roadkill
Aradia
Ruxpin
Bug
Breeze

The team spends a while discussing a train trip to visit Boston, after Breeze reads a bunch in the team files and gets fascinated by Mama and some of the other strange biz going on up there. Since noone on the team currently has a personal connection, this doesn’t feel very high priority, though some on the the team are interested to hear how involved PepperJack was in much of it. For now, they decide to focus on the job they have, to investigate the mysterious Octagon, having finally located it on Roosevelt Island, amidst the maxsec prisons. Given the high security, the approach looks difficult, so they do some recon. Attracted to the thought of some R’N’R, Echo takes this one off to go on a day trip to a Korean spa nearby.

The Octagon has been built into a larger complex, with large additional wings to the west and south added on. There is a semi-detached 4th floor on the west building which connects to the Octagon’s cupola, which seems to have been all closed in, with no exterior doors or windows. Morticia spots a pair of guards in the lobby entrances to the west and south buildings, with no exterior entrances left on the Octagon itself, which seems to serve as a connective passage between the two, though it’s lower 3 floors still have windows at least. The guards seem to be better equipped and trained then expected, though wearing generic SECURITY uniforms.

There is no land passage available to the island, with ferry and aerial tram being the public options, and few roads on the island, with most of it being fenced off prison property or what looks to be a mined ring around the exterior, aside from the 2 ferry landings, one on the Manhattan side and one on the Queens side. There are 2 bridges from Manhattan that go over the island but neither touch down, though the northern Queensborough Bridge is close to crossing over the Octagon and not overly high off the ground. Ruxpin calls Magnus Jam while Otters contacts Eduard Cabrera from the Rat Pack to get the lowdown on the “collapsed” F train line that runs under the island.

Both give variations on the same details- the tunnel is traversible, but the station for the island has aggressive auto-turrets with a “shoot first” policy. Theoretically it could be a path in, since it is more focused on keeping people on the island and preventing escapes, but it would still be dicey. Also, that station is the meeting place where Tamanous picks up their purchases from among the prisoners, usually the SINless and others the prison wardens and guards are happy to “lose track of” for a healthy bribe. So, while this is an option, it doesn’t seem overly promising.

Aradia does an astral flyby, and spots 3 spirits, one patrolling each wing and one just watching the enclosed 4th floor and cupola on the Octagon. She traces them back to a powerful mage posted up in the south building, though she has to retreat before he spots her before she can get a good enough look to imitate his signature. She does determine that the cupola area is warded, that the south building is likely dedicated to patient care, that the west building seems like an admin center, and that the background count should remain around 2, with an aura of despair, as long as she steers clear of specific worse spots in the patient wing.

Given the lack of signage or any other clear markers, it looks like this is some kind of private medical facility. As opposed to the 5 large prisons on the island, it is not itself fenced, though the parking lot off of Main Street has a gate arm. It seems they are relying on anonymity and the security of the island itself. Still without a workable plan, Aradia talks the team into trading the 4 Oyabun/MCT internal financial shenanigans data to The Tiding in exchange for some further intel, and Breeze puts Kobold on retainer for the duration of the job, stocking up on some data taps to get her access when needed.

The Tiding comes through- they report that the site uses suppliers affiliated with the UCAS government, supporting a CIA connections. However, Breeze’s plan to intercept a shipment is complicated by the fact that the security contractor, Centurion, manages all the transport logistics as well as securing the site itself. This is also interesting in that the team knows that Centurion is wholly owned by Jonathan Blake, the mayor of Bellevue in Seattle, who recently paid them to lie to Buttercup and the Nagato Combine about AA’s death and their involvement. Also, that Silver Nail had surveilled Blake and Indica Meiers, the local CIA high level operative, meeting at the known Black Lodge-owned Belvedere Castle in Central Park. So something is up there.

The Tiding also report that the Cupola area and attached hall to the west building 4th floor are Faraday’ed, and that there is a 4-person strong guard post at the west building end, which is the only access. So it seems like the cupola is their target for seeking hidden intel, but how to get in…. After some debate, Breeze suggests taking a page from some of his old Bollywood trids, and jumping down off the nearby bridge on a cable, busting through a wall, and dragging the computer out with a souped up car. After some discussion, they realize they a) don’t have the right vehicle for this and b) would probably destroy the computer in the process, but everyone likes the bones of the plan so they work on some modifications.

After calling in some Grey Cell favors, swapping around some gear, spending a ton of money, and making some critical mods to the sub, they have what seems like a solid plan, and get ready to execute. Otters positions the sub underwater, nearby in the East River, but out of sensor range for the island to get suspicious. On top, in the two new large drone launchers, are the environment-modded stealth VTOLs that Otters dropped a ton of cash on, ready to swoop in for exfil when needed. Meanwhile, Otters is also piloting the CTRL Salt Delete out to sea, with Aradia onboard, sipping a nice mixed drink and reclining the one of the Valkyrie modules they installed.

After finding a secluded mooring within good comms range but out of the shipping channels, Otters starts driving the new team van, minimally equipped with a GridGuide override, a handful of spoof chips and a plate switcher across the QB Bridge, with the rest of the crew running comms off in back. Otters is using a high quality SIN but planning to burn it after the run. She fakes a spinout mid-bridge, and deposits the team out of the side door smoothly while getting the vehicle back into traffic amidst much honking. Bug slips over the bridge edge, and clambers into the understructure, finding a good hiding spot with a solid rifle rest to shoot overwatch from.

Breeze and Ruxpin leap over the edge of the bridge, and jump down, quickly deploying their chutes with a last encouragement from Aradia before they go comms off for the run. They rapidly descend down towards the roof landing around the cupola on the Octagon, and make the hard landing without significant injury, and then bust out the fluid motion ram, taking up positions to start busting through the wall, and almost breaching on the first hit. Though it has been maintained, it is still a decorative structure. On the houseboat, Aradia projects and zips astrally over to the site, targeting the air spirit that is watching the cupola with a Banishing attempt.

Unfortunately, the spirit seems to be bound, which Aradia has suspected, but she makes less progress than she hoped and gets hit with some heavy drain, and then has to frantically counter the spirit’s attacks with her weapon foci blade. However, she keep the spirit distracted while Breeze and Ruxpin break in, where they instantly get into a heavy firefight with the 4 guards from the nearby guard post. Breeze manages to get tangled up with one of them, preventing him from attacking, and Breeze from being attacked, which unfortunately means the other 3 focus fire on Ruxpin. Luckily Bug has good angles on a couple of targets, so manages to get some heavy sniper hits in from under the bridge above.

Ruxpin gets taken out before long while pushing deeper into the cupola, but Bug manages to blast one of the guards through the side of the building, sending them scattering for cover instead of fully restraining or executing Ruxpin. Breeze dashes over and gets a data tap inserted for Kobold, before grabbing Ruxpin’s drag handle and yanking him towards the exit. Otters gets the VTOLs airborne for a pickup. Breeze drops a handful of thermal smoke grenades to confuse things, but then is also felled by some blind fire into the smoke. Bug keeps laying down covering fire until the spirit manages to KO Aradia, who gets stabilized by the Valkyrie Module on the boat.

The spirit then comes after Bug, who has to refocus on frantically dodging it’s attacks while starting to retreat from his firing position, as he can can also see some security drones incoming, with the air spirit marking his position. Otters calls The Tiding in after spotting a message from Kobold that the security on this host is high level, figuring some data, even if not exclusive, is better than none, and then focuses on getting the team out. She smashes and slides one VTOL in the through the hold in the side of the building, turning it sideways and reversing the engines to slam to a stop, scooping Breeze up in the process, barely avoiding pasting him against the hallway wall.

As she guns the engines, flipped once again, and rockets out, she scrapes the wings just a bit but gets free. She sees on Ruxpin’s feed that a grenade has landed near him in the smoke but then loses sight of it, bringing the other VTOL in at high speed to try and repeat the insanely difficult and dangerous maneuver. She manages to get the VTOL in again and scoop Ruxpin, but gets the grenade as well. Rocketing out of the side of the building and ascending straight up, she manages to tip the grenade out the back just before it detonates, barely catching Ruxpin half in and half out by pinching him in the hatch. She races both VTOLs south towards the sub, but has to break off and reposition after bungling her first pass, worried about anyone observing her ultra-secret new system.

She also drives the team van, with a fresh ID and plates, back onto the bridge from the Queens side, picking up Bug midway with another staged slide, after Bug manages to ditch the spirit tail just before the drones arrived and began a more thorough search. Otters takes the van into Manhattan and then out again via the other bridge, back to Queens, and stashes it in their garage after doing a detailed check for tails. On her second approach, with the sub repositioned, she manages to dock the two VTOLs, and takes it underwater, very glad that both Breeze and Ruxpin have personal air supplies since the VTOLs don’t have life support to keep them breathing underwater.

She gets the sub out to the houseboat, where Aradia finally wakes up from some skillfully applied first aid from the Valkyrie. She levitates the other two injured teammates into the 2 modules to get some healing of their own, and they spend a day out on the water, recuperating, til everyone is conscious again. They pay Kobold for the job, with a hazard bonus, with her reporting that she was glad they called in The Tiding, as they were up against a rating 11 host with serious IC. The one saving grace was that it was a system kludged together over the years from a lot of different pieces and data architectures, the inefficiencies of which are likely the only reason they succeeded.

She shares the data with them, and tells them she is sure The Tiding also took a copy, so she hopes they didn’t need exclusivity for this one. Looking over it quickly, Otters notices that it seems to relate to ANIMUS, though there is a lot of technical data she can’t parse. She is able to put together that it seems to be suggesting that there is a replication problem in the process, from patient to patient, and that buried memories still have a nasty habit of sometimes surfacing. They decide they should take this all to Brinkvale before they bring it to their Johnson, or Johnson perhaps, as they haven’t decided whether to pass the data to Old Soup, Vida Nova, or both.

Halo Hunting
5/20/2025, 12:23:02 PM
Runners
Otters aka Roadkill
Aradia
Echo
Ruxpin
Breeze

While the rest of the team is vamp hunting and exploring new areas of the Underground, Ruxpin is following up on leads around town for his missing teammate Halo. Unfortunately, since social skills are outside his usual purview, he has to invest in polishing some new techniques. He attends another support group meeting for people connected to The Returned, but leaves partway through after making people a little uncomfortable with his blunt and direct style. He ponders a bit how Echo and Aradia would handle it, and feels like maybe he has indeed learned something after all. Having gotten the tip (partially to get him to leave) that Halo had been sighted in and around the Underground, he heads to Terminal.

Dropping down via Terminal station, he heads to the Monad mod shop Protozoan, and gets some tips on where to look from Tiger Leer, paying a bit too much for the info, though TL doesn’t take advantage of Ruxpin nearly as much as they could given his naivety with negotiation, due to the team’s good rep in the community. Ruxpin rejects, for now, further transhumanist implants but is intrigued by some of what TL offers, and have themselves. For now, Ruxpin hires a Monad explorer and adventurer named Magnus Jam, who seem like a very enthusiastic bro. TL has heard of a Returned bar/safehouse called (RE)turn(ER) located somewhere in the depths of the Underground, and Magnus thinks he can get Ruxpin safely there.

After some strenuous traversal, they reach the bar without encountering any trouble, though it’s a pretty advanced route- Magnus explains he likes to change his pathing and choose environmentally dangerous/difficult paths to avoid tracking and unexpected encounters with what he considers actual dangers. The bar has two old neon ER signs bracketed on either end of it’s sign, facing opposite directions and lighting up the branch tunnel it is in. It looks like it may have once been a basement bar or similar, long buried and now repurposed. Two Returned guard the door, one looks to have stone skin, while the other has the same spectral hand as PPJ, which she uses to open the otherwise inaccessible door.

Magnus hangs back while Ruxpin approaches, having hired Magnus to stick around for future guiding needs. He gives his spiel to the bouncers, admitting that while he isn’t Returned, his whole unit vanished, and a few reappeared as Chimera. He shares video stills and old photos from better times as proof, but is still forced to admit that he killed the two he encountered so far. Since he seems incapable of lying, they believe him, and the stone skin man brings him in and sits him down with a Black Ork man that Ruxpin recognizes: Sgt. Wade Touissant, the Returned activist who he saw a video of at the first support meeting he went to at Heritage House.

Touissant grills him a bit more, but once again finds him unable to dissemble, so instead starts trading info. Touissant confirms that Halo has been seen around, but seems skittish, and warns Ruxpin that she is heavily altered, so he will need to prepare himself. Touissant says she hasn’t been violent yet, unnecessarily at least, which bodes well, and after confirming with Ruxpin that she was the team lead back in the day, says that he imagines she may have been in the same “Command Chimera” program that he broke out of. This would have required them to leave more of her mind and memories intact, it seems, and Touissant explains that most of the Returned who successfully escaped Dis so far are either of this clade, or were fresh arrivals when they broke out.

They still lost a lot of people in the attempt, and in Kadath, and it seems that everyone here is familiar with the experience of having to take down a former teammate who has been too altered to save, at least with current tech and knowledge. Ruxpin adds the photos he has of his unit, pre-alteration, in both their metahuman and animal forms, to the bar wall, marking who was taken, and who is dead. He sees that all the other patrons and staff have pictures up where he can recognize them, from various eras of war- mostly iii Corps and other recent conflicts, but some dating back to Vietnam, Desert Storm 1/2, and WWii. He and Touissant make a deal to work together to try to bring Halo in safely, after confirming each other’s intentions, and Touissant reveals he is also significantly altered- he has one purple tentacle arm, which he seems to have imperfect control over.

They also discuss team history and specifically PPJ- Touissant doesn’t think PPJ was actually a Returned, explaining that all Returned have purple blood. This raises some disturbing implications for who exactly the team killed when they killed PPJ’s “clones”, with Touissant ID-ing them as “doppleganger” types, who likely were essentially PPJ, as much as the “real” one. However, since the “real” PPJ bled red, and had worked as a surgeon on Dis as some of the Returned recall, Touissant is distressed to hear that he had crystal implants, and tells Ruxpin that these crystals are often used as rewards from Disian patrons to members of other species who do their bidding- he refers to these “traitors” as Fausteans, and then has to explain Faust to Ruxpin.

Ruxpin states that he is in over his head here, but says Aradia will want to know all of this, and makes a deal to have a convo with the team in the future, after the current task. They head out, with Ruxpin vouching for Magnus, and spend the next 2 days scouting and resting at the bar, which does indeed have some safehouse style bunk rooms and crash pads built off of it, as well as some escape tunnels leading elsewhere. On the second day, Ruxpin manages to find signs he is pretty sure are from Halo, and leaves some code marks scratched into the tunnels nearby. On the 3rd day, as they are heading back from their first search patrol, Ruxpin spots someone observing them from a side tunnel, and signals the others to go ahead.

He does a bird call signal that Ali had used when she was scouting in animal form, and gets the correct response, though it sounds kind of wheezy, so he approaches. He finds a rag clad figure, who he does recognize as Halo, though she is trapped in some horrible mid-state between her human and fox forms, and has been badly altered. Her whole face is taken up by one huge eye, ringed in purple, with two pupils, one fully blown out and one massively dilated. Her tail has been split into 9, each ending in a baby-sized human hand, which undulate and move behind her. Her jaw is lined with nostrils, which seem to be her mode of breathing, as well as how she was whistling the bird call, though she seems incapable of further audible speech.

They have a terse check in with hand signals, with Ruxpin convincing her to come along, and realizing he can talk out loud as she can still hear- her fox ears are pinned back but still extent. Ruxpin sends Maguns off for now, and gets Touissant to lead them around to one of the back entrances to the bar, after confirming his trust for him to Halo. They enter a small back room, and Touissant heads off to the bar for a minute to get some supplies, returning with a smoothie and a straw, which Halo starts sucking in through one of her nostrils, alongside a trode patch and commlink with a speaker, which she eagerly slaps on, briefly cycling through presets to find an appropriate voice analogue. She seems relieved to be able to speak again, though also quite upset at her state.

Given everything, she seems fairly cogent and on mission, which is clarified somewhat when she reveals that her group of escapees killed their Faustean handler, and though most of them died or were lost in the attempt and in the ensuing flight through Kadath, she managed to get ahold of the Faustean’s crystal, which she reveals, carefully not touching it directly as she unwraps it, and the other two see small cilia reaching out from it, trying to make some sort of connections. Touissant suggests he take it for now to keep it safe, and they all agree, though Ruxpin suggests the team has useful allies who could both protect and perhaps decipher/make use of it. Touissant agrees to set a meeting, and sends Ruxpin on his way to do that for now, while he gets Halo updated and situated in her new life, showing her that many or most at the bar, himself included, also have some extreme alterations.

Ruxpin heads back aboveground, rejoining the team partway through the movie marathon at the rented theater after the second vamp fight. He is impressed by Breeze’s makeup work, though he thinks even Breeze couldn’t do much for Halo probably. After the movies, they trade info on what everyone’s been up to, and the team agrees to the meet, saying they think Grey Cell and Fargus Sol should really be brought in on this. They set the meet for Castle Clinton, overlooking Ellis Island, a tourist spot that is also a good lowkey smuggling hub, given the rundown district around it, the Underground connections, and the views of land and sea on either side. They spot Sully keeping an eye out as they head in, and Otters gets Morticia airborne as Aradia summons a Kindred spirit to keep an astral eye out. Bug hangs back for now, wanting to work on DeBug stuff a bit more.

The team meets up with Touissant and Halo, both cloaked to conceal their changes, and Breeze makes some quick sketches of easy and effective disguises they could use, which they seem pleasantly surprised by. They trade info, with Touissant agreeing to chat with Fargus, having gotten word from Sully that he’s solid. The team also vouches for him, and confirms he can likely offer resources and support as well as help with the crystal. They have to break up the meeting after Aradia’s spirit spots traces of a concealed astral observer and Morticia spots a corp convoy leaving the nearby Corp Court Towers complex- they seem to be coming from the SK Prime wing. Everyone dips Underground, except Breeze, who disguises himself and swaps SINs, wanting to see who shows up. He slips into the crowd around a nearby trash barrel fire without attracting attention.

He sees a 3 car convoy approach, and launch a bunch of micro drones, which quickly spread over the area. One car stays on site while the other two spiral out, searching. The rest of the team slips through the Underground, with Touissant and Halo splitting off to go their own way. Otters does an impressive job navigating them, based on her understanding of aboveground maps, how they compared to the pre-quake grid, and what direction they are likely headed based on distance travelled and angles of turns. They eventually find themselves near where she has heard there is a safe exit, though she hasn’t used it before, and they decide to chance it, as it should bring them up somewhere in Chelsea. They find a recently built staircase leading up to a hatch, guarded by some auto-turrets. The turrets are on but not currently tracking them, so Aradia approaches a little and asks for permission to ascend.

After a bored voice asks for their rep, and they give their street names, they get approved, and ascend, having been allowed to wait inside the turrets orbit in case anything was following them. They are aware this could also be a killzone, but Otters trusts her smuggler knowledge. After a short while, a hatch bangs open, and the bored-sounding woman drops down a ladder through a recessed floor panel above. They emerge into what looks like a large storage and packing area that has the feeling of an art space of some sort, though they don’t get a good look at what all might be stored and packed here, being quickly ushered into the gallery space out front once the woman confirms they don’t need fresh clothes- a bit of an odor from the Underground but no shocking wounds or damage.

They find themselves in the Cheney Gallery, and Otters puts together this is likely an Exchange front. She buys some art, of a slice of cured meat floating in a partially filled bath tub, and the team looks around for a moment, conversing with the stylish Japanese woman running the space, Minkwave, who seems a lot hipper than the just slightly outdated art on display. It’s almost as if someone is trend-chasing hyper-efficiently. They head out, slipping back to the safehouse, where they get the report from Breeze on what went down. They also hear from Fargus Sol that he made arrangement successfully, and Breeze finally gets a Grey Cell challenge coin, with the rest gaining another favor mark on theirs. Sol also relates some of the intel they’ve garnered so far, this crystal seems to be a very valuable trove.

They now have proof that Rex Coll, the current head of the Draco Foundation, has been selling Dis various “live capture” bounties over the years, likely for use in their Chimera program, and seems to have colluded with one of the Nadja Network fixers (the ex-Bunraku dolls made in Nadja Daviar’s image, who she took under her wing and developed into a global fixer network). Together, this “Nadja” and Coll managed to force the real Nadja out, which lines up with what Nadja had told them when they encountered her at the Seelie Court a short while back. With this intel, Sol suggests that someone will need to determine which Nadja Fixer this is, as he worries that she may have gone Faustean, alongside Coll most likely. He explains that Grey Cell still has allies at the DF, and that if they can get friendlier faces in charge, they could be a great asset in the fight to come.

They also speculate about what exactly was up with PPJ- it seems he was likely a plant of some sort in his group of escapees, though their astral scattering while crossing Kadath may have been accidental., partially triggered by the mana weapon use and diversion in Detroit, plus all the Black Lodge rituals there. However, he was in communication with a remote patron of some sort, and did trade secret knowledge for power, so it seems he may indeed have been a Faustean, knowingly/willingly or not. Those on the team who witnessed the death of one or more of the other PPJ’s experience some feelings, though since it’s mostly Otters who remembers those, she is over them quickly.

With that, the team has the Octagon to investigate! Off to Roosevelt Island to look into it, while avoiding Hype. And they have to choose who to work for: Vida Nova, or Old Soup, both of whom want the same intel, which would likely be quite valuable to others as well….

Old Soup Meet the New Soup
5/12/2025, 1:07:59 PM
Runners
Otters aka Roadkill
Aradia
Echo
Bug
Breeze

Amidst shopping for the next Underground investigation for Old Soup, the team decides to accompany Echo to another Top Secret debrief with Col. Mattison at Black Arrow Brigade HQ. After arriving, being thoroughly searched, divested of weapons, and ushered through security, they also give Breeze the lowdown- no recording, no notes, just memories. Mattison joins them in the SCIF with the same aide de camp as last time, again with a handcuffed on hardened attache case, which her and Mattison open and activate together after once more going over rules and protocols. There is another message for Echo from Colloton, though this time the background is intentionally neutral, as she explains she has had to go into hiding for a while, proactively, in case the Corp Court gets any bright ideas but taking her out in response to the death of Corp Court/SK Justice Diazruiz.

In this confidential setting she explains further, though. It seems that Heat, after leaving the team, made good on his parting intent of linking up with Prot0 and other “extremist” TM’s to seek revenge against the corps who kidnap and experiment on them. He brought along the intel he had about Colloton’s final task, infiltrating The Towers (the Corp Court’s earthside HQ) to get intel from and do a frame job on Diasruiz, who Colloton believes to be the primary corporate architect of the Blackouts. Her survival: optional. Heat seems to have called in all his SkyBrides shares, and with the help of Prot0’s band of TM’s, in their new alliance with the GOD-Slayers, gained access to her private quarters, used her biometrics to access her devices either before or shortly after killing her, ripped a bunch of stored data off her devices, and then set a copy of the Discidium virus lose on the Corp Court servers from her terminals once they were being forced out, through their Foundation access.

Colloton explains that this outbreak will almost surely be siloed to The Towers host, but that it will likely sow some righteous chaos there in the meantime, even if it doesn’t spread to other corp servers. She also says that if anyone needs to allay any ill feelings about Diasruiz’ death, some of the evidence they found show that she was one of SK’s internal Monad/Crackhaus hunters during the early CFD crisis, rising to the rank of Grand Inquisitor before being rewarded with the appointment to the Court. Colloton also shares some of the other recovered intel, which she says they will be releasing through trusted media over the next while; Diasruiz was indeed the Court’s leader in corralling votes and support for the secret Blackout plan, though ARES were of course also enthusiastic participants.

However, it quickly got out of hand- it seems that the Court wanted a simple on/off switch with which they could easily target grids, matrix, etc, but would be able to reactivate it. They quickly switched to spin and PR control, keeping their own involvement hidden among rumors of dragons, Horrors, Null (true, but still), Ordo Maximus, Black Lodge and others being behind it. Though many of these groups benefited in the short term at least, the Court seems to have been the primary actor, and DelaMar’s deal with the Null seems to have been a component of the deal to gain their aid. With all of this, the team feels like a good deed was done, and Echo agrees that the UCAS has gotten an appropriate measure of revenge, for now. Colloton says she won’t be regularly contactable for some time, but encourages Echo to keep working with Mattison as needed.

The team heads out and finishes their shopping run, and then pays Kobold to forge them work ID’s, posing as a maintenance crew for the coffin hotel they need to get under. They all get some workwear disguises, which Aradia magically tweaks to match, and use various smart wigs and synthskin masks to conceal their faces. Echo also buys a new janitorial drone, and fits it with a radar sensor and smuggling compartment to bring some mission gear along. They take public transit up to the Eastside, and head to the coffin hotel, finding it as advertised- 5 tall, narrow towers, each shuffling their 100 sleeping pods around on their paternoster style system to make room for entrance and exit by the customers. They access one of the maintenance hatches under one using their forged ID’s and some quick hand tool work, and slide down into some low-ceilinged maintenance tunnels.

Using the radar drone, Echo spots an opening some concrete under the metal floor panelling. Otters pulls up the panelling and Breeze and Bug muscle it out of the way while Otters carefully plants det cord to blow the floor down into the cavity below. It goes smoothly, and they descend into what looks the be the covered ruins of an old subway station. Aradia leaves an illusion of intact flooring behind, in case anyone checks. They find the bodies of some commuters, long decayed and predated, trapped under some rubble from the long ago earthquakes where part of the station collapsed, but there seem to be less bodies that there should be, based on the tunnel collapses on both sides and no other obvious ways in/out.

They radar scan the filthy, near stagnant river where the tracks used to be, and find the other bodies, though are also surprised to be attacked by a Basilisk, which attempts to petrify Echo, before Aradia distracts it with an illusion, and Otters, Breeze, Echo, and Bug all team up to finish it off. They notice that it is fairly emaciated, and see that there are only small spaces in the tunnels where rats and small scavengers could have crawled in, so it seems after feasting and growing to size on the initial trapped victims, it has likely gotten too big to itself leave, and been subsisting on whatever makes it’s way in. The good news, as Otters reports, is that they are unlikely to encounter other critters down here- anything bigger would have eaten the Basilisk, and it would have eaten anything smaller.

They explore a bit, eventually levitating across the river to explore a rusted shut maintenance door. Breeze busts it open, showered in rust flakes, with a few hard slams, and they enter a maintenance tunnel, with an anachronistic bank vault style hatch at the far end. They head to it, and Otters and Breeze team up on the ancient keypad lock to get it powered back up and then bypass it, with Breeze again muscling the wheeled handle to break the rust coating and get it turning. They haul the massive door open, surprised when it moves smoothly, and feel air rush in past them as the pressure equalizes- it seems like the space behind was airtight for some time, and smells stale and vaguely medical.

They hear a distant generator sputter and kick on, with a few hazy emergency lights coming on as well. They seem to be in some sort of lab facility, so it looks like they found the right place at least. They head forward, through another smaller, open hatch, and find a hallway with a door ahead and doors to either side. They check ahead first, going through another hatch to find an elevator platform, but are relived that this is the bottom of the elevator shaft, and the shaft itself is filled with rubble, so this is effectively the only level of this facility they can explore. Checking the door on either side of the hall to the elevator, they find two labs, each with 4 cots, and 4 chairs with restraints, and various IV’s and medical devices. Checking over stuff, Otters finds that they seem to have been injecting their “patients” with psychoactive substances, and extreme doses of other drugs and compounds.

Echo finds a side door into the elevators that leads to a narrow one-way observation room, looking into the labs, They surmise that they are in 1/4 of a circular lab, with an outer ring hall running around the wedges, and a smaller circle in the middle comprised of elevator platforms facing each lab area and the observation rooms. They continue, finding a dormitory, seemingly for staff, based on the presence of old desktop terminals and mussed bedding. No useful evidence otherwise emerges, though they strap the terminals to the Mule drone to bring along. Heading further in, they find the 2nd lab wedge, similar layout to the first, but this time they seem to have been experimenting with sound and visuals on their “patients”. They are disturbed when they hear another distant, though closer now, sound as the generator suddenly shuts off and the lights go out.

Navigating by flashlight again, they continue, finding a storage room, where the remains of air and water filtration systems (long overtaxed) and empty MRE containers are all that remain, aside from the generator, which seems to have plenty of fuel, but when they check, has been quickly sabotaged. Hearing a distant thud, Breeze, Otters and Aradia race back to the entrance, not wanting to get trapped, while Echo and Bug stay behind to try to get the generator back up. This proves relatively simple, though they don’t waste time getting additional systems on, just some lights again for now. Meanwhile, the other team finds the door shut, and then is ambushed by two emaciated vamps, once in a lab coat and one in a tattered security uniform.

Breeze and Aradia, using her weapon focus, manage to take out the security vamp before the lab coated one asks to make a deal, explaining that they just woke and are desperately hungry. Echo and Bug amble up to join the negotiation, though the vamp seems a little haughty, and responds poorly when Breeze tries to intimidate her, unleashing a Terrorscape that overwhelms most of the team mentally, sending them into a near catatonic state of terrified panic. Luckily, Bug and Echo hold it together, and the vamp, who introduces herself as Dr. Adelaide White, seems impressed by Echo’s resistance, as if she wants to study them. However, she’s cogent enough to make a deal, and agrees to pass over her personal devices and tell the team the rough outline of what happened here. She seems horrified to find out what year it is, having been down here nearly 70 years and dormant for most of that time, and also then horrifies Echo when they try to exchange contact info and all she has is a long dead palm pilot.

Echo givers her a credstick with some funds and writes down their comm number on some paper, before the doctor takes off, saying she will leave with her other colleague who shut the vault door and was waiting outside. As she exits, the Terrorscape finally fades and the rest of the team regains coherent thought. Some are a bit annoyed but agree the deal was actually a good one. Also, Echo seems to have unlocked a new Adept of the Analytical Path ability, and is able to gain them touchlink access to all the devices in the facility, after pondering how Heat was able to do that for a while. Otters powers them up one at a time, using the drone, and Echo accesses them, with the team’s Agents finding the once state of the art encryption to be child’s play.

They get a bunch on info about more CIA mind control experiments, and find that this facility was in contact with the other one they just found- promising paracritters were sent here for live experimentation after being ID’ed and verified at the other facility. Then, after these folks were trapped (they used an elevator hidden in the long-since-demolished condos above for primary access, with the train tunnel door being a backup) and with the train tunnel also collapsed, they decided to use a rare, pre-Awakening Vampire to infect the few surviving staff, who the team encountered, then killed the Vamp so that she couldn’t control them, as they assumed she would be more skilled and capable with her powers.

They then used their new mind control abilities to keep the surviving “patients” alive as a feeding pool as long as they could, til then ran out and had to purposefully shut everything down and seal the facility, venting out some air to induce a state of dormancy that they knew Vamps possessed from their studies. So these were definitely some evil or at least amoral people. The team suddenly realizes that they just let loose two hungry, amoral Vamps next to a coffin motel, with a bunch of sleeping people trapped in the air in small pods, and become worried about what they might find aboveground. They decide to make a quick exit, after clearing the other labs and the security rooms for any last devices and data.

Breeze manages to leap back up from the train platform to the maintenance tunnels above, but just barely gets it by the tips of his fingers, which looks very hard and impressive until Bug just walks up and does a vertical leap straight up through the blasted open hole, past Breeze, landing smoothly on his feet. The rest of the team is impressed and mildly baffled. Everyone levitates and drone winches up, and they start to hear some screaming coming from aboveground. Breeze leaves a maintenance log about the hole in the floor just to help cover their tracks, and they exit, finding that other security Vamp is feasting on his 3rd podded victim, having left two drained behind.

They see some damp footprints leading away from the facility as well, and can hear police sirens incoming, alongside the NYPD, INC drone already onsite filming, so it looks like the Doctor at least had the good sense to get out of here after a quick snack, and didn’t give in to the feeding frenzy. The team decides to follow her lead and bail, and are surprised when a cargo truck pulls up next to them, with the back scrolled open and a woman seated at a desk facing some chairs set up inside. She tells them to get in if they want to get out of there clean, and proceeds into a tense negotiation with Echo about what the team will trade, and for what.

After conversing for a while, this woman, who seems to be an Ei/digisapient named Vida Nova currently inhabiting this drone body, makes a good impression and seems to be dealing true with them, though definitely in it for herself and her own goals as well. She appears to work for Evo, which almost triggers DeBug, but Biug holds it together, which VN seems interested in. She also chats with Otters a bit about ANIMUS and missing memories, revealing that she herself was split into two during the Boston Lockdown chaos, and that she thinks her other half along with her lab partner, a human named Trujillo, have likely wound up involved in ANIMUS research and development, willing or not. She wishes to rejoin with her other half, and seems curious about how the merging experience will go.

Otters, fearing the return of her memories, finally gets some good motivation- if she gets to them first, she can delete them and never have to confront them! Or have anyone else force such a confrontation. VN and Breeze chat about develpment, pushing limits, potential and the like, with VN interested in his Ludditic choice to eschew any form of “unnatural” assistance, be it chemical, chrome, or magical. As with Otters, she seems more interested in the variety of opinions that in forcing agreement. With Bug she confirms, as much as she will, that she works with Evo, with both of them affirming that it is the best of the mega’s for any oddities such as themselves. Echo sticks to negotiation, and the team manages to share a decent amount of non-proprietary info with VN in exchange for cleaning up their data trails from the night’s activities, since they didn’t exactly get out clean.

She seems quite interested in ANIMUS as well, of course, but also in the data they recently acquired referring again to " The Octagon", as the sort of central point of the CIA’s old mental research effort in town. They also mention Hype and the Dawkins Group’s search for ANIMUS, and VN pulls up some satellite footage of Roosevelt, Randalls and Wards Islands, the landmasses (Randalls and Wards are conjoined) that house a number of private and corporate prisons of various security levels and specialities,, as well as Horizon’s “CFD Rehab” facility, which VN says is a Dawkins Group front and experiment site. She pulls up some footage of Hype wandering the islands and touring various of the facilities there, seemingly looking for something, though casual about it. VN says this caught Evo’s interest, and hers as well, and then starts scrolling back through images of one of the sites he toured on Roosevelt Island, over the years.

Eventually she gets back to the 1950’s, when a hospital/ward shut down, the most notable feature being an octagonal entry building, since obscured by other construction over the intervening decades. She says she wishes to hire the crew to continue their investigation, looking into this facility, and trying to make sure Horizon doesn’t end up in possession of the ANIMUS tech. The team agrees, for now, and gets dropped off at a trid theater that Breeze rented out to screen one of the movies he did makeup work on. They hang and watch it, with Aradia making contact with Old Soup to go over the job data and get paid. He also wants to hire the crew to look into The Octagon, it seeming like the obvious next step, so the team debates introducing their two potential Johnson to see if they’ll be willing to work together.

Digging This Taxidermy
5/5/2025, 9:50:58 AM
Runners
Otters aka Roadkill
Aradia
Echo
Bug
Breeze

With Ruxpin splitting off for an indeterminate amount of time to look into rumored sightings of his missing former squad leader, Halo, the rest of the team also decides to catch up on some downtime. Echo continues their culinary journey through NYC, sampling some Naga fusion cuisine amongst other delights. Bug chats with Tiger Leer at Protozoan about his implanted personality, and gets some interesting tips and leads there, but end up working mostly with Brinkvale to try to isolate trigger points for both switching to DeBug, and switching back. They have some successes over a few sessions, and Bug stocks up on some small equipment items to make DeBug more useful and functional when a switch occurs, and also has some better tips for his teammates as to how to help snap him out of it when needed.

Breeze joins Otters for her next “Control” race, and is delighted to see one of his many conspiratorial fascinations proved at least somewhat real, though this race seems to lack the rumored deathmatch component. This time, the circuit travels around Times Square in a race called “Square Times”, given the rough shape of the loop. There are 3 different loop options, each one progressively more difficult as they get closer to the Square, but shorter to complete as well. Winner is whoever completes the most loops in the time provided, or before everyone gets chased off, a real possibility in the densely surveilled zone, even with Control’s mysterious manipulation of GridGuide and patrol patterns.

Otters chooses to focus on the hardest, innermost loop, joined by the other top racers from the last race. She takes an early lead, and with some spectacular driving manages to eke out a narrow win once more, angering the corpo driver again and gaining further respect from Tickets and her chop shop crew. Otters then plugs in to rig the car during their frantic escape, throwing it into some maneuvers that are shocking and stressful to the unprepared Breeze, but do the job of getting clear of pursuing police drones. They stash the car in the Astoria garage, with Otters planning to at least respray it before the next race, if not upgrade to electrochromic or active camo coating.

Aradia heads down to Vegas for a few days to link up with the Denver Order of the Garter and both party and do a group initiation. After some good times had, she returns to NYC finally able to further manipulate her astral traces, having learned the Flexible Signature technique. She is now quite difficult to detect or trace, magically, when she wants to be, further cementing her as possibly the scariest team member in everyone’s considered opinion. With everyone back from a few days downtime, they catch up on the news, and find out that Heat quickly made good on his promise to try to link up with Prot0 and his radical TM movement to take the fight to people oppressing them directly.

As an opening salvo, they completed Colloton’s last mission, which Heat had been privy to, seemingly making use of Heat’s “SkyBrides” shares to benefit from the private intel service behind that front, and gain access to the SK Corp Court Justice Diasruiz, assassinate her in her quarters in The Towers (the Earthside CC HQ), and upload a copy of the Discidium into the servers there as well- unclear if that was an add-on for Prot0 or a part of the mission that the team had been unaware of. Col. Mattison invites Echo to attend another classified briefing at the Black Arrow Brigade SCIF at their leisure, and Echo agrees to report in soon to get the full story.

Based on what has already been leaked though, it seems that Heat and Prot0 also stole some data while they were there, and have released a tranche of evidence suggesting if not outright proving that Diasruiz, and thus likely the entire Corp Court, were complicit in planning and targeting the Blackouts as a campaign of intimidation and revenge against Colloton’s government and the UCAS at large, to set an example for other nations that might consider pushing back against megacorporate dominance of global affairs. The Blackouts seems to have gotten a little out of control, and there are further messages about damage control, liability limitation, and preventing exactly this kind of leak. Echo finds this all very validating, and Breeze is once again thrilled by the further evidence of a rumored conspiracy.

With this, the team decides it’s time to bring Breeze fully into the fold, and gets him to sign the team norms after a chat about his plans, role, etc. He then gets access to the team file and instantly vanishes down a deep, deep rabbit hole digging into all of the mysteries and conspiracies contained therein. They have to pull him along when they get a job offer- a Neo-Anarchist associated with the Storm Ravens, named Old Soup, has a lead he wants them to investigate. An Earth spirit friend of his, Alfred, is apparently seeking something, though is a bit confused about what, and likes to occasionally dig tunnels around town in this pursuit. He tips Old Soup off when he finds anything interesting, and it sounds like he got a good one this time.

Specifically, access to the sealed off lower basement of the old Arsenal building on the Upper East Side. It was sealed but not breached in the early 20th century quakes, and isn’t connected to the Underground, which the team confirms with the Rat Pack. So there may be some good old data down there! Though possibly in way outdated formats. OS says that so long as the team can clear a good path, he can provide a hacker, but also explains that the tunnels that Alfred dug in are both on the surface, in a busy district, and are being monitored actively by NYPD, INC. Breeze calls up Kobold to get some medium quality fake city permits to “inspect” the tunnels, and the team heads over in their street gear, with Breeze helping Bug smuggle his new powered-breakdown rifle.

Aradia cons her way past the cops on-scene, with Echo’s support, and Bug and Breeze slipping in the illicit gear they brought with. They choose the less-steep option, and are still descending a 45 degree slope down to the lower level, quickly losing the light and relying on their flashlights and enhanced modes of perception. They emerge into what looks like a bizarre taxidermy shop, where Otters recognizes many of the specimens as early paracritters, suggesting that this place has been sealed up since around the time of the Awakening. Aradia decides to scout ahead magically, after detecting a bad magical energy related to predation, but quickly comes under attack by some sort of corrupted Kindred spirit, and falls back to her body, badly injured.
Breeze throws open the door and Echo races through, seeing an inner ring hallway lined with more doors. The spirit manifests, and pummels Aradia, while dodging attacks from Bug’s whip and Breeze’s martial arts. Bug breaks off from combat to start assembling his rifle, with which he has more skill. Breeze and Echo are startled to see 4 somewhat starved-looking vamps appear out of mist form, with 2 attacking Echo and 2 focused on Breeze, who manages to throw one into the other, knocking them both down. Otters starts frantically trying to placate the vamps, offering them safety and food, as the spirit nearly kills Aradia, who only barely survives by being hauled back up the tunnel into sunlight by Otters’ new Mule drone.

The vamps actually seem intrigued by the offer, so Echo elaborates further, but the corrupted spirit doubles down, goading the vamps to attack again. They hold back for the moment, waiting to see which way the fight goes, though looking more and more tempted by Aradia, and then Breeze’s, massive injuries from the spirit. Fortunately, Breeze’s unarmed attacks seem to bypass it’s immunity, and he is able to buy enough time for Bug to get his rifle together and get off a powerful shot, badly damaging the spirit, before Echo finishes it off with a carefully aimed shot from their light pistol.

With that resolved, they finish negotiating with the vamps, and are provided the data they seek on some archaic physical media formats, and also given an explanation- this was apparently a secret CIA-funded project to research the effects, uses, and prospects of paracritters early in the Awakening, hoping especially to harness their mind alteration and mind control abilities. There are references to CIA secret projects with names like MK-Ultra, Mindflayer, and Stargate, which delight and intrigue Breeze, and which Echo is able to verify with their secret knowledge of UCAS government history. The team surmises that this site was likely a precursor to the modern ANIMUS program, as it seems to have been working along similar paths, though a while ago.

The vamps also explain that they were infected by some of the last samples delivered, during the chaos of the quakes, and entered a period of dormancy due to lack of oxygen until their spirit, gradually corrupted over time, broke free and found a way out. They then woke again, and emerged occasionally in mist form to hunt in the nearby Central Park for their sustenance. Otters assures them that the team will deliver food and get the tunnels closed up so they can return to their quiet existence, but as the team emerges from the tunnel, Echo reports the vamp nest presence to the cops, who immediately call it in.

Echo figured it would be a slower solution and kind of passively deal with itself, but NYPD, INC (after some well-applied bribes) sends over a projecting mage to clear Breeze and Aradia (both unconscious) to leave the scene, after confirming they were not infected from their injuries in the encounter. An armored and Hazmat suited team quickly arrives on scene via VTOL and starts pumping FAB into the tunnels, setting up some UV lights over the exits as a backup, before heading in. No longer required to stay onsite, the team hires Sully to drive them back down to the CTRL Salt Delete, where Otters has paid for two Valkyrie Modules to be delivered.

She gets them set up with help from Echo and Bug, and they get Aradia and Breeze loaded into heal up. After a few days of recovery, Aradia is coherent enough to call up Old Soup and set a meet to pass off the data and get paid. Echo, Otters, and Bug head up to Central Park, and descend 3 floors on a side stair, following some glittering ARO’s, into a sub-basment bar, Bailey’s Pub, that likely used to be a street or garden level. Inside, they see all the former windows (now deep underground) have been bricked up, and the clientele seems like a mix of punks, radicals, and heavy boozers. An older greybeard waves them over, introducing himself as Old Soup, and taking them back into a hidden meeting room behind one of the bricked windows, this one sliding smoothly aside to allow entry.

They brief him on the mission, and he doesn’t seem to feel badly that some former CIA scientists got geeked by the cops, especially since he still got his data- all in all, a nice outcome for the denizens of NYC, with less predators stalking the night. They chat a bit more, and get paid, with some of the team taking money and some choosing to take rep with the Storm Ravens, which could come in handy. Breeze donates a big chunk of his pay to the outreach services at the Freedom Tunnel and feels the bliss of good karma as he does so. The team all commiserates once they reunite on how that mission was a close call, but Breeze seems to think that they all learned some good lessons about themselves and each other and feels it boosted team cohesion to see that they all had each others’ back’s when it counted.

The team also settles up on all their safehouse and monthly subscription payments, deciding to abandon Heat’s deal with Horizon but expending a ton of rep from a variety of locations to try to proactively blunt the impact. They also hear from Fargus Sol and Cracking the Bones that after looking into the Cleopatra’s Needle in London, their best guess is that the Black Lodge is also observing that one from nearby, and seem to be attempting to use both Needles to exert more influence over the strange Shadow obelisk at the Seelie Court, through which they have been known to send cryptic messages. They pass this intel along to the Magician faction to maintain their patronage, and debate what to do with the info they uncovered about Jonathon Blake and Indica Meiers.

For now, they decide to hold onto that, as well as the expanded Null Doc, and other internal MCT info they got from Silver Nail, figuring they might need one or both of those as leverage or payment as their investigations continue. For now, Old Soup has another job for them- Alfred has discovered that a long abandoned train tunnel, thought to have been repurposed as a secret lab of some sort, is still intact enough to explore. Once again, the team will need to enter through a public point- this time through the mechanical area under 5 tall towers with rotating coffin pods for cheap sleeping. They start planning what demo tools they will need to get down under there, as well as what heavier gear to bring this time, in case they encounter anything else dangerous.

Cronenbird
4/28/2025, 7:49:26 PM
Runners
Otters aka Roadkill
Aradia
Echo
Ruxpin
Bug
and introducing: Breeze

The team, just having received a strange message from Jinxy the cat, race over to Piper Jinx’s office to try and intercept whoever was in the process of kidnapping her. Ruxpin hangs back to get into armor and show up with mission gear in case it gets hot, calling Sully to arrange a ride. Aradia hires a rapid ride air cab to get everyone else there ASAP. Meanwhile, Breeze, a promising street fighter and burgeoning shadowrunner, has recently arrived in town. A disciple of Choji’s, and dedicated conspiracy theorist, he is already familiar with Piper’s work, and so is happy to take Choji up when he calls to ask Breeze to look into an emergency call that he and Swen Rellik both also received from Jinxy.

Breeze, conveniently nearby, heads there on foot, and slips into the office building by following in someone with a keyfob without them noticing him in their wake. Aradia spots him doing so from the air cab as the team is coming in for a landing on a helipad across the street. She tips the rest of the team that there might be another operator onsite, and they race down the stairs, across the street, and into Piper’s building, easily accessing the door themselves as Piper has whitelisted them due to their frequent visits. Upstairs, Breeze has begun his investigation, finding that not only has Piper’s door been kicked in and then propped shut, the lawyer’s office next door seems to have gotten hit as well, with some noxious fumes trickling out from under the closed door, this one not busted.

The team all arrive, and a tense standoff ensues, with Aradia and Breeze both trying to intimidate the other simultaneously, with Aradia coming out easily on top. After some quick reference checking, they realize they actually know a fair number of the same people, and though Breeze doesn’t know Piper he’s familiar with her work and seems to wish her well, so the team agrees to work with him, especially once he proves eager to be the first through the door. Inside, they find a chaotic scene, the office having been quickly but thoroughly trashed. Aradia summons an air spirit to contain the noxious fumes in the lawyer’s office while the rest of the team searches the office, and Bug stands guard.

They manage to quickly find Jinxy the cat, who seems to have been stuffed in a Faraday bag and then left behind somehow, and Otters gets her out, after which she surprises everyone again by starting to text with them, while also semi-grumpily accepting some treats from Otters. She shares her footage of the attack, and explains that the lawyer was another Monad who came out to investigate when he heard, and also got snatched for his trouble, though he was badly wounded in the process. They bombed his office cause they ran out of time to search more, and Jinxy managed to roll under the desk in her bag and escaped getting brought with.

Combining some scrawled physical notes they find with some data from shared storage that Jinxy provides, they piece together that Piper had some kind of lead on good intel on MCT, or was playing some kind of angle, and was sniffing around a certain MCT Johnson in town. Doing some quick research and calling in some favors and hacker assistance, including using their new Null Sect contact through Cat, they manage to ID this Johnson as another Shibata Consulting employee, and a direct report of Evan Teeg’s. They also find out that he has a safehouse in Terminal that he uses for work, and assume that if he was onto Piper looking into him, he may have hired the kidnap squad and brought her there.

Based on the kidnap squad’s use of Faraday bags, high end Jammers and some other specific tech, the team assumes they may have known Piper was a Monad, or at least been prepped for the possibility, which reminds Aradia that there have been an ongoing series of reports of missing Monads in different community clusters around town since the team arrived. Ruxpin finally arrives with Sully, sits outside while the team finishes up, and then gets driven promptly back to the CTRL Salt Delete, where he and Bug meet up and get into heavy mission gear, while Otters preps the sub.

The rest of the crew, along with Breeze, who wants to see this mission through, head straight into Terminal, wanting to get an eye on the safehouse. They find it looking very trap-like- a single, long alley leads to 3 doors into the building, with the entrance to the alley being mostly blocked by 2 dumpsters. Aradia doesn’t see any magical defenses, and their hacker contacts don’t seem able to get a good signal in this especially rundown corner of Terminal. No visible cameras or sensors though, either. Aradia and Echo are about to suggest that Breeze make a cautious approach when Breeze, impressively sneaky, announces that he has already gotten up to the alley doors.

Aradia sends over a Silence spell to keep his lockpicking quiet, and they check out the doors. One leads to a literal pitfall- a rotted out staircase into a wet basement level. With no signs of metahuman life, they focus on the locked doors on the other side of the alley. Breeze picks both locks (silently) and they check the ground floor first, finding a large, empty warehouse space. The only thing of note is that Breeze spots some newer added construction connecting the back of the second floor of this building with the building behind it. Breeze opens the door to the upstairs, and lets Aradia project in.

She spots a gunner watching over the alley and the stairs, and goes deeper, finding 4 more guards in a dense warren of connected rooms watching over what looks to be a drugged Piper. Heading back out to report, Echo and Aradia talk Breeze into waiting for the other heavy hitters to arrive. Otters has been scouting the Terminal docks with Morticia to find a good place to sneak the armored crew ashore without the sub getting spotted, and having made a plan, gets them up there as quick as she can, surfacing, just barely, under one of the docks, and letting Ruxpin and Bug leap and climb their way up onto the topside.

Otters takes the sub back down, wanting to keep it secret, and puts Morticia on a loop until she can get signal back. Ruxpin and Echo meet up with the others, bringing Echo’s heavier gear along as well. They decide on a marching order and head into the alley. Once they are all inside, they are quickly and predictably ambushed, with an invisible Aradia caught off guard and tagged in the crossfire by an auto-turret hidden in one of the dumpsters, while the turret in the other dumpster fires at Bug. Ruxpin and Echo come under heavy fire from gunners on the second floor overlooking the alley- a classic killbox. The only one to escape targeting is Breeze, who seems to have avoided being spotted, but whose PAN comes under attack from an enemy hacker.

Breeze shouts a warning about the hack attempt just before his comm gets fried, and everyone goes comms off til Otters can get back above water with the RCC, and Aradia dives out of the way while the rest of the team fights back. Ruxpin, Echo and Bug return fire on the gunners and drone turrets, while Breeze dashes up to the second floor and engages the gunner there in some grappling, alongside some effective shock glove slaps. Aradia tips one of the dumpsters over, removing a turret from the fight, as Echo shreds the other one with their auto-shotgun. The two team snipers blast apart the left gunner, before everyone races up the stairs behind Breeze and helps take down the right gunner.

Ruxpin is felled by another gunner from back in the warren of rooms, who has come out to assist, and Bug and Breeze manage to take that gunner down, with Echo brutally coup de etat-ing him with the shotgun after noticing that the wounded gunners seem to be regenerating to some degree. They also spot some glittering in their blood, and assume there are all Monads, with Breeze well-covered in gore, they warn him he will need to deal with that ASAP if he doesn’t want to become one as well. Hes a little freaked out but also excited to be encountering some of the conspiracies he’s read about IRL.

They head further back into the building, leaving Ruxpin behind for now since he is stable and there are no visible enemies. The remaining foes pop thermal smoke, seemingly to cover their movement, but Breeze charges straight in, before realizing he has no good way to navigate in there. Bug eventually catches up with them and helps navigate through the smoke with his sonar sense. Aradia, wanting to loop around, has seen that the left gunner has been dragging themselves towards the back of the building, and disables them with an Agony illusion, after which she reduces their will and then thoroughly probes their mind.

She finds that these are Monad Hunters, in MCT’s employ, who both are Monads and hunt Monads. Piper had gotten onto their list, and they have been told to get her off Manhattan, though they won’t know to where until they are clear of the safehouse, in case any are captured (as this one was). They are working for the same MCT Johnson that Piper was investigating, but he ultimately reports to Teeg as expected, so it seems Teeg is ultimately behind a lot of MCT’s nefarious biz in town. But it seems like a classic police state tactic- they roll up some Monads, see what other Monads they know, bring them in, and so on, though it is unclear for what purpose.

Regardless, since this one doesn’t seem to know anything else useful, Aradia keeps the Agony spell in place, and then is surprised when Morticia flies in and pecks at her comm- she turns it back on and is delighted to hear that Otters has surfaced and gotten the TacNet back up- also Otters reports that the Monad Hunters have a van waiting out front of the building behind their safehouse, and since Breeze spotted that the buildings were connected, they likely have a secret escape route. Aradia starts levitating out the window and straight up to try to get LOS on the vehicle after telling Morticia where to look for the rest of the crew.

Otters flies her over and finds Bug, getting him to turn on comms and get Echo on as well, and then takes Morticia back over the buildings to keep an eye on the enemy vehicle. With Bug’s sonar sense and comms working again, they head more confidently into the smoke, hearing some clanging and movement ahead. Echo blind fires a few times to try to catch out any stragglers or traps, and they eventually find a concealed door in a bathroom leading to the next building. Breeze rips it open, and then slams it shut as a trap grenade goes off on the other side. The team then races into a narrow maintenance corridor lined with pipes and conduit and insulation, and spots the enemy team dropping Piper down a ladder as the far ened.

They manage to get some shots off and drop one of the enemies before they can descend, with Breeze jumping down after, using their body as a landing pad before attacking the two remaining enemies, who are loading Piper into the waiting van, and slapping the side, telling the driver to go. Echo and Bug finally catch up the quick Breeze, and they manage to take down both of the enemies as Aradia causes the escape vehicle to crash using some massive Illusion spells. Echo races over and blasts the driver through the armored window, while Breeze yanks open the liftgate, and Echo gets a stressed Piper to her feet and moving away from the scene.

Not wanting to get caught up in any response onsite from MCT or others, and not wanting to execute every Monad Hunter to ensure some time and quiet, they make a quick exit, with Breeze clumsily trying to hook up Ruxpin’s autodoc to Ruxpin, before Aradia steps in and gets him conscious with a Heal spell. They head back to the Terminal safehouse, but make Breeze wait outside for Eager to show up with an EMP to make sure he’s clear of nanites before letting him in. They debrief a bit with Piper about her investigation into the missing Monads, and MCT’s direct involvement, as proven by today’s events. She gives them a token fee as a show of thanks, and says she will likely be harder to contact for the next while, as she is going to lay reaaaaaal low and set up a mobile office or move her operation elsewhere.

Otters reaches out to the Rat Pack and tells them to try to save a wounded lawyer that the Monad Hunters apparently dumped in the Underground, as he was too damaged for useful interrogation, but they don’t give her much hope to expect a good result there. Piper is said to hear her neighbor got caught up in it all, but delighted that Jinxy survived intact, and puts in a good word on the team’s behalf with the local Monad community, as well as spreading the word about the source of the danger, so people can hopefully at least try to defend themselves. She also tells the team that given their new, improved, rep, they can access some experimental tech through the Monad implant bazaar, Protozoan, in the lower levels of Terminal.

With that, the team rests and prepares for whatever comes next. Otters gets word that the next Control race, “Square Times” will be occurring shortly, and Ruxpin finally gets a lead on a sighting of his missing former unit leader, Halo, in town, and plans to head out to search for her immediately. Aradia reaches out to the Denver chapter of the Order of the Garter, and plans a group trip to Vegas plus group Initiation for those who partake. For now, the team only tells Breeze about the Terminal safehouse, but he seems skilled and useful, so they figure they’ll keep working together for now.

Cabooses In A Noose
4/21/2025, 11:52:40 AM
Runners
Otters aka Roadkill
Aradia
Echo
Ruxpin
Bug
and a fraught goodbye to: Heat

The team does some shopping to prep for the Foundation dive and MCT arcology re-infiltration, stocking up on useful drugs, gear, programs, and trode net/neural interfaces for those without DNI’s. Ruxpin also grabs some medical gear with a good expert system installed, since he’ll be watching the team’s backs while they’re under, alongside SPYder, who will help get them onsite but let them do the dive themselves. They head back up to Washington Heights the next night, and get into Tough Tony’s with the latest flatvid reference password.

They head back into the Underground with another Ratman, with Echo first verifying that he is one the “right” side of the schism within the Rat Pack. With that assured, they embark, travelling safely along an occasionally familiar but often different route to the area under the MCT arc in New Harlem, recognizable by it’s massive stabilizing pillars drilled down into the bedrock far below. The Ratman cold chisels off a small spot weld that the previous Ratman had put in place on the hatch in case anyone checked it from above, and pops it open, saying he’ll wait there so long as they don’t come out with “the heat” on them.

There is some ensuing confusion about Heat vs “heat”, and Bug is just as glad that he didn’t mention his name. The team heads up into the empty maintenance room, moving the loose floor tiles aside once more. They check outside, and find that the subbasement has been in use since their last visit. Heat also checks out the matrix and finds that they’ve added more cameras and sensors. They decide to bypass one and head up the freight elevator from the lowest level rather than using the stairs, since not all of the team is especially sneaky.

They also see some detritus piles that they check out, and find the 15 missing crates from the smuggler’s vehicle that was stolen from the impound lot before they could get to it. The crates have been quickly disassembled and the contents removed, with lots of hard packing foam and such scattered about, but no clear info on what was inside, though it definitely could be more high end medical equipment. They head up, with SPYder once again speeding up and slowing down the elevator to help bypass scans and avoid detection, or to give him time to hack sensors on the way.

Reaching the Shibata Consulting floor, they find that not much has changed here, though as SPYder reported, it seems like there was a general security audit after their last infiltration, and all the device ratings and Host ratings have been upgraded a bit. Luckily, the floor itself is still out of use at this hour, and there are not sensors pointed inwards. While Heat and SPYder gain access to one of the hardwired terminals, Ruxpin keeps an eye out, and Bug and Aradia break back into the executive area to see if they can get any further intel from the secretary’s diary, and instead find that the secretary has been replaced, likely during the same security audit, and the diary is now absent.

With the terminal cracked and Heat into the first layer, he explores a bit as SPYder breaks off to help Ruxpin keep watch. The rest of the team heads over and links up via touch to Heat and Echo, who is also running a Hitchhiker program to get them all in. Inside, Heat has found a strange arch amidst the koi ponds and gardens of the host sculpt, and the team heads through, finding themselves in a Foundation host with an already set paradigm. They are in a forest glade, and see small pockets of forest scattered about among rolling grassy fields, covered in neat grids of desks with classic-looking salarymen avatars working diligently away at them.

As Heat quickly tries to get everyone looking right for the paradigm, one of the salarymen looks over and huffily approaches, asking them what they are doing here. They try to bluff a bit but the social interaction feels a little off, though the avatar does say they will need to speak to their superior, and summons an elevator out of thin air by pressing some invisible button. The team enters the elevator, and moves, though they can’t tell in what direction. The doors open, and they find themselves in a large open chamber, constructed of huge stone blocks the size of cars. Seeing that vines are growing out of the cracks between and over the stones, they get a bit concerned about what kind of place this is, exactly.

They see an old man with long white hair and a flowing robe tending to a large fire in a wide pit at the center of the chamber and head to him. He finishes some adjustments before turning to address them, and inquires as to their business here. They try to bluff and blag a bit, which he seems uninterested in, as he seems to at least roughly know what, if not who, they are. They try to warn him about Null infiltration before coming to the realization that he may, himself, be a Null of some sort, once they inquire his name, which turns out to be Prelate 3-7, subordinate to Hierophant 3, and superior of Acolyte 3-7-2, who they met previously.

They eventually reveal what they are looking for, and Prelate 3-7 offers to provide them the information they seek, in exchange for some assistance with a task of their. Heat starts pushing back pretty hard, along with Echo (though it is far more personal for Heat as a TM). Otters and Aradia are very open to the opportunities presented by making a deal here to break apart the tripartite alliance between Dis/Null/MCT a bit, with Bug swinging more that way, and Ruxpin more inclined to follow Heat’s lead. They go back and forth amongst the team and with Prelate 3-7 for some time, and unable to reach a firm conclusion, they decide to pass the offer along to Cat and SPYder since that was the job, but Heat is distraught that any course of cooperation is even being considered, though everyone has some good reasons for their stances.

As a show of further good faith (referencing the Null’s previous assistance to the team in Denver), Prelate 3-7 gives them some internal MCT comms discussing the suitability of Denver for a test of their “project”, especially given GW’s distraction at the time. All the info, dates, formatting, etc checks out, and they don’t seem fabricated, but who knows what capabilities the Null have. In exchange, the Null want assistance locating, accessing and utilizing a portal to Dis that they believe is hidden somewhere on or near Manhattan. They believe that their current allies are working to cut them out and have not been holding up their end of the bargain, for the Null wish to explore further digital spaces, including on the metaplanes, and have been stymied in their efforts to do so. This further intrigues some of the team, without swaying those who were initially opposed.

They head out, allowed to leave by P3-7, who summons the elevator again. Heat tries to act out a little by taking a log from the pile by the fire and then chucking it towards A3-7-2’s desk, but none of the Null seem bothered, which further infuriates him, reminding him of the lack of regrets and emotional disconnect of Otters as well, who is also on the other side of this dispute. They exit the Foundation, clear the host, and pass the intel to SPYder, who is also pretty disturbed by what he’s seeing, but says he’ll pass it onto the boss as agreed. They slip back out of the arcology ahead of the early morning rush once again, and safely pass through the Underground back to Tough Tony’s, where Heat announces he will have no further part of this.

He is disturbed and upset that the rest of the team would even consider the alliance, even if temporary, and since he is pretty sure GW will approve it to get the proof he seeks, he will be leaving the team, as he feels he can no longer count on this group to align with his values. He finally understands how PepperJack felt when Heat and others insisted on making a deal with the Black Lodge in Denver, and can now respect his responsive exit, as he is making a similar one himself. He heads out to get his stuff, and uses his Resonance Channel abilities to reach out to Prot0, wanting to do some damage against those who oppress TM’s.

The team is a little surprised by this, especially Otters, who quickly recovers via her “No Regrets” emotional override, and Ruxpin, who also quickly resets by looking to Echo for leadership, having Echo reject that responsibility, and the having Aradia eagerly take it on. With that settled, the team is happy to agree to Cat’s request to keep in touch about future follow-up work, with Echo being the sole potential holdout, even though the Null might be able to get Colloton definitive proof of the who and how of the Blackouts, Echo believes that she wouldn’t make the deal so they won’t on her behalf. But they may still work with the team on the rest of it, since they can likely learn useful intel on Dis and the Null which can be put to good use either way. Otters also agrees to send any intel they can along to Heat for the protection of TM’s and e-life.

With that out of the way, Cat pays up and says she’ll be in touch soon. The team heads out, one short in their number, and returns to a safehouse empty of Heat’s possessions. They rest up, and the next day hear from Cat that the Null is already delivering after she first reached out. They gave up intel on Teeg for now- he’s running the mind alteration personnel shuffle to get valuable reassigned post-Denver, without any inconvenient intel in their brains, and has been smuggling in high-end medical tech to pay for it with. So it seems likely that ANIMUS has gone freelance, to some degree, and is making side deals like this with the corps. So it seems likely the Null will be able to deliver on the “Denver proof” that GW seeks if the team is able to help them in their quest to travel to Dis. The team recalls the Temple of 9 Gates and the portal that 6 Cylinder and Aylin took to Kadath (and beyond) there, and assume that there may indeed be other weak point in the Veil around/under Manhattan, though a portal to Dis will likely be under corp control of some sort.

Piper Jinx calls shortly after, and reports that the enthusiastic young wannabe runner Silver Nail has not only gone into hiding, but seems to be fully missing. Piper passes along what intel she can on SN and the team does some further research and then heads out to start digging. Apparently SN found some big deal scoop but got scared and vanished, and Piper wants the intel, and ideally would also like for the kid to be alright.
Having heard that the kid likes old cars and manual transmissions, Otters does some digging and finally hears tell from Tickets, a car thief and mechanic, of a 1967 Impala stolen from a private collector, who’s quietly put the word out about it. The timeline fits, so they think the kid might want a ride that can’t be easily tracked or hacked digitally.

Aradia heads with Ruxpin over to ArcAnna’s Cabana in the Village and chats her up a bit. having heard that SN has been seen around some different magical shops. After checking out a few customers, and confirming with Aradia that they mean SN well, ArcAnna conjures up a sphere of silence they can converse within, and tells them the new fake ID that SN is using, as well as generally some of what he bought: some combat spell forumla, a lot of reagents, and the materials for a decent sized magical lodge. Sounds like someone who is planning to hide out for a while and maybe need to defend themselves. She also confirms seeing the retro car parked out front on at least once of those occasions, but says he hasn’t been in for the better part of a week at this point.

Having heard about SN’s favorite food, Echo and Otters check out a CAS-style soul food truck run by a ebullient, massive, Ork named Fluffy Duck. He’s chatty but busy, so Echo does some social maneuvering to hang around the small counter and make conversation, while chowing down on the legit delicious chicken and biscuits. FD confirms that SN shows up maybe twice a week and gets a huge takeout order, and has also seen the retro car recently. He also checks to make sure that the team isn’t after SN to do him harm, which Echo confirms. They decide to stake out the food truck as it moves around the city, and Otters keeps Morticia nearby for the next few days, figuring that the large portions SN is ordering are meant to last him a few days wherever he is hiding out.

They eventually get lucky and spot the car pulling up nearby, parking under an overpass. SN, wearing a more mundane “college student” disguise appropriate to the area, rather than his anime illusion disguise from before, heads up, grabs a massive takeout order, chats briefly with Fluffy, and heads out. Moritica trails the car back to his hideout without getting spotted, and even sees the gate code on the fence to the self-storage facility where SN pulls in, parking inside on one garage sized unit and quickly shutting the door behind himself. The team keeps Morticia onsite to spot him if he moves, and head over, setting up a loose perimeter, while Aradia uses the gate code to gain entry, and goes up and knocks on his unit.

A fire spirit pops out to check her out, before SN recognizes her and lets her in. He seems happy to see her after she allays his suspicions about how she found him here. He explains that he heard a rumor online about a big-time runner named Double A who had come to town with some intel and gotten killed, and since he new some stuff about old cars, he was able to track down the retro ride that Double A was using, and found a hidden data cache in the car. He shows Aradia the cleverly concealed, fully mechanical, smuggling panel.

SN explains that he went to a hacker friend Lucky Wizard, who cracked the drive, but was then killed shortly after in an unsolved hit and run. SN then asked one of his professors for help, feeling desperate and figuring whoever is after him wouldn’t be able to connect his runner ID and his legit ID. But the professor was killed the evening of their conversation in a “break in gone wrong” according to the screamsheets. So SN went fully off grid, got a new ID, and set up this warded lodge to hide out. At this point he just wants out- he’s aware that he’s way over his head, and hopes Aradia can help, since this feels like good fortune that she showed up. Aradia agrees, and in his relief, SN remembers he had something else for her, and passes along the surveillance shots he got of Indica Meiers (the CIA safehouse master) heading into the Black Lodge-controlled Belvedere Castle in Central Park.

Notably, he also captured another, lightly disguised, figure exiting shortly thereafter, who Aradia recognizes easily as Bellevue mayor Jonathon Blake, who the rest of the team just met some days ago. Aradia also puts something else together- when the Sisterhood of Ariadne got wiped out, and Aradia figured out that Aunt Clara was working with the BL, she had found some comms between Clara and a higher up in the BL using the sign-off “JB”- could this all be coming together? The communications were about the mana picture of Dis that Aradia had managed to snap on the moon, so it’s certainly possible that Blake has been keeping an eye on the team’s movements and activities since then. Regardless, Aradia also takes the data drive, along with some of SN’s other runner possessions, and tells him that the team will fake his death and spread the word that he had already passed the data off before dying, so if he skips town for a while, they can hopefully get him clear.

He says that he just learned the vehicle masking spell so that he can take the retro car out of town, free of trackers, and plans to head out ASAP, in disguise. The team takes the rest of the stuff, and arranges with Sully to spread the word around the shadow community of what “happened”, as Aradia uses magic to make Otters look like SN, while Otters does some dangerous stunt driving of his motorcycle before dramatically ramping off into the East River, ditching SN’s bike, commlink, and weapon, before getting scooped up by the sub and losing the illusion. With that done, they take the sub out to sea a bit to safely examine the data, which seems to mostly be an expanded version of the Null Doc, amongst which they find something interesting.

t seems to be an internal MCT plan to use some elaborate financial shenanigans and chicanery to forcibly oust the 4 Oyabun, the secret internal Yakuza head council that helps steer MCT alongside the public board. The team had just learned about this group recently, when asked by Ahma Yoshida of the Nagato Combine during their interview with her and Buttercup- this explains why they came up in the same convo as Double A’s death, and makes it seems like Jonathon Blake is attempting to steer blame straight onto the Null (who certainly may be responsible, given their usual MO for dealing with info leaks, though the team has started wondering if it is more MCT and others who are worried about the info leaks, using the Null merely to detect them). Regardless, this is some valuable data, they think, though they are unsure if the plan has been executed yet or not. For now, they decide to hold onto it and report into Piper.

As they head back to town, though, they get an emergency comm from Piper’s office, though not from the woman herself- it seems to be from her cat, Jinxy! They get a slightly fuzzy view of figures barging in, black-bagging Piper, and then grabbing the yowling Jinxy (seen in first person) before stuffing him in a sack, at which point the comms cut out. Looks like they better get over there and rescue their Johnson!!

Return of the Heat
4/14/2025, 1:03:33 PM
Runners
Heat
Echo
Ruxpin
Bug

Heat calls up the team, having just arrived back in town from his short world tour, and taken a quick nap in the sub, missing all the action. Otters hangs back to keep an eye on their safehouses and make sure none of them got spotted doing the raid on the precinct, and Aradia splits off to go have a chat with the Terminal madame they had spotted in the chaos. The rest of the team plans to track down the BTL dealer, and after conferring with Brinkvale, find out that the dealer is secretly a BTL producer, street name “The Egyptian”, who uses the cover of a dealer/user to keep from getting busted on the larger charges of manufacturing and producing the chips.

Luckily Brinkvale has a contact number, and encourages the team to try to get the guy into some sort of recovery program to help with his addiction, but also makes sure the team doesn’t have specific ill intent towards him. They call up The Egyptian, and make a deal- in exchange for some cash and a promise not to share his real SIN in connection with his street name, he will pass them the footage he got of the jailbreak. He tries to get them to accept a cool BTL version, edited for maximum excitement, but they make clear that speed is of the essence, so he just sends over raw footage.

They see that the assault team, still armored up, stopped out front of a Lower West Side strip club called XXXotica, and dropped off the Ork man they broke out of jail, with him now changed into civilian clothes from his jail jumpsuit. He heads inside as the team speeds off in their personal transport and the stolen smuggler’s vehicle. Heat gets brought up to speed on the rest of the investigation so far, and they speculate about potential/likely Null Sect involvement, and wonder what the NS would want with a medical nano-printer…. They head to the strip club to seek lead on the missing Ork, who they ID’ed as local muscle for hire, street name Cuddles, who also does security, bouncing, and other “heavy” work.

Echo buys the team a few hours in a private room, and pays extra to have a series of dancers sent through, seeing who is near the end of their shift, and spreading money around making clear they are looking for a chat with Cuddles, will pay, and don’t him any harm. They eventually get lucky, when an androgynous Dwarf dancer agrees to pass a message along for them, and shares that Cuddles has gone to ground after someone smoked his former team at their meet to pass along the smuggler’s car. The dancer sends them some news drone footage from across the river in Jersey of the smoking wreckage of the assault team’s vehicle, holed from above by an armor-penetrating missile.

The team gets a little stressed about this, especially when they check other feeds and hear there was a comms and camera blackout in the area (a run down part of town near the docks) during the attack. They pass the message and some earnest money along to Cuddles, and wait. He gets back to them the next day, after they have a nice night in, catching up on Heat’s travels. He reports that he’s trying to leave town and/or lay low for a while, so some additional cash for info sounds nice, and explains what he knows of what happened. He had been working security at XXXotica when he got arrested alongside a few handsy customers for brawling out in the street.

He apparently had worked with the assault team a decent amount of late, and they sprung him from the precinct as a bonus on another job they were on- they offered to cut him in on a small share if he came to the meet but he wanted to make sure everyone at the club was alright from the previous night, so he got them to drop him off. The crew has apparently mostly been working for an MCT Johnson named “Teeg”- he pays well, but Cuddles was bonus hired muscle, so never negotiated or even talked to the guy. But given that his team got wiped at the meet, he doesn’t feel any loyalty, and worries he might be next if Teeg figures he’s still out there. He does offer his assistance if the runner crew is ever gonna go up against Teeg directly, as he feels he owes some revenge.

The team saves his emergency contact, happy to have an optional red shirt if nothing else. They do some digging on Teeg on shadow forums and the like, and find that he seems to be pretty high up in Shibata Consulting, though not listed at the site the team visited- he seems to have travelled back and forth between Denver and NYC during the cleanup from MCT’s disastrous activities in the Mile High Realm/City, so it seems like the team may be closer to having some hard evidence to give to Ghostwalker about who exactly to blame. They also wonder if the Null have actually been behind some of these various missile strikes and activities, or if they are merely providing support for MCT. who may be the true actor. TBD on that, but with no further leads on where the smuggler’s vehicle wound up, or what happened to the other 15 crates that didn’t make it into the impound locker (let alone what was inside them), the team reports into Cat, who seems a bit disappointed but passes along their pay for the unexpected info they did find.

She also says she’ll have further work soon, planning a second run on the MCT arcology to get more intel on their hidden host, Teeg, and anything else they can gather. She asks them for a little time to get everything in place before they head up to Tough Tony’s again for another meet. In the meantime, the team gets a strange call from Eager, who says he’s got a very insistent client wanting to interview the team about some of their activities and knowledge. He seems a little nervous and shares his suspicious that there is something odd about this one, though since the meet is in a high end private club off of Times Square, he doesn’t think it’s a deadly setup, or a staging for a capture. He encourages them to proceed with caution, and ask for more money, but suggests they should probably go, since whoever this is seems to know a surprising amount about the team.

They agree, and put on some of their fancier duds, with Heat springing for nice new slacks for Ruxpin and Bug. They head to the Kickerbocker club, and are ushered in by private security to a floor midway up the 14 story building, where they find a very august gentleman casually awaiting them. Echo is surprised to recognize him as Jonathan Blake, the current mayor of Bellevue, in Seattle, as well as the CEO of Centurion Security Services, and a former spymaster for both Dunkelzahn and Lofwyr (who he apparently successfully hid from for 6 years after the end of his employment at SK). A most dangerous and impressive figure. Blake offers them drinks but makes no move to serve them, and neither do his 6 security personnel, who hang back at the edges of the room.

Heat takes the opportunity to make up a new drink, which is quite tasty, seeing if Blake will respond to his invented name for it, which Blake counters by saying he had always heard it called by another patently invented name. He seems preternaturally comfortable and at ease, and the team finds it difficult to either rattle or read him. He asks a few questions of them. and after seeming to be satisfied that they are telling the truth, he explains that he actually needs them to go to yet another location for the interview, and that it won’t be with him. He needs them to plant two small pieces of false info amidst the interview, telling the truth to the best of their ability the rest of the team, or at least anywhere it could be easily verified.

After some back and forth, they settle on a price, once Blake confirms that the info he seeks to plant won’t harm the team or their rep, but that the rest of their answers are on them to control appropriately. He reveals that the true interview will be with Buttercup, the Free Spirit board member of Evo. the team sees Bug’s personality shift in response to this, into DeBug, with Ruxpin trying to prevent Blake from spotting the change, though he clearly does. After some more roundabout chat, they get the intel they are meant to plant- the team is to suggest that they are the parties responsible for the recent death of a freelance hacker named “Double A”, and that after they looked into their hirer on the job, they got a dead-end at a former NeoNet subsid called Matrix Assets, INC., based in Boston.

With some quick research, Heat confirms a memory- MAI is a fully controlled Null front corp at this point. Worried that Blake may be using them for extra nefarious means, Heat inquires further, and Blake says that while Double A is truly dead, and he does believe the Null were involved if not directly responsible, he bears no affinity for the digital life forms, and explains that via his plan, at least Double A’s death can mean something, and possibly harm the Null, whereas if the team doesn’t do this, it will likely come to nothing. They agree, and head out, getting picked up at the edge of Times Square by a limo with a lead and follow car, the guards in each wearing the insignia of the Green Serpent Guard, the internal high end corpsec for the Nagato Combine. Interesting.

They are brought to the Empire State building, with some on the team recalling that a mysterious buyer apparently closed off and warded the upper half of the structure, with the lower half rented out to local corps that can’t afford office space elsewhere in Midtown. They head up the 71st floor, and find that the mysterious buyer seems to indeed by Buttercup, who has taken this floor as her suite (or at least the suite they see). The GSG’s leave them at the elevator, with Kim Dulsoon of the Nagato Combine guiding them in from there, giving them a slight nod in thanks for their previous assistance to her. The team sees an esoteric collection of odd art- everything from paintings to ancient statuary to collectible cards and comics preserved in lucite.

Dulsoon gestures them to sit on two couches in a recessed den that drops down into the floor a bit. Across from the couches are 3 armchairs, each with a woman seated in it. One is Buttercup, the Free Spirit, instantly recognizable while still being subtly disturbing in some uncanny way. Another is Ahma Yoshida, the MDC rep for the Nagato Combine, and effective public face of that new corp. The third they don’t recognize until Heat runs a Mona Lisa scan- luckily she is also a major personage, as they seem to be in a wireless-free zone, ever since they entered the upper stories of the building. She is Helena Chomsky, a former longtime assistant (though that term seems to undersell her skills and services rendered) to Johnny Spinrad himself. She is currently listed as a corporate troubleshooter for a bespoke private firm called Marsh and Hound, LTD.

Chomsky introduces the gathered parties, and explains to everyone gathered that she is here merely to facilitate the meeting and smooth over any conversational difficulties. Buttercup and Yoshida take turns asking questions, with Yoshida leading but Buttercup interjecting often enough to make clear which way the power balance lies. They seems interested in the team’s work in NYC, especially around memory alteration tech and MCT. Buttercup confirms that her suite is safe from the Null, and the team confirms they aren’t working for MCT (knowingly at least). Heat and Echo let Ruxpin answer a fair amount of questions to confuse baselines and expectations given his direct method of sharing intel. Bug is less helpful as he is still in his “eager to please” corporate persona.

Buttercup and Yoshida seems impressively well-informed, asking after ANIMUS, The Tiding, the Octagon, LAZARINE MENDICANT, Shibata, and MCT’s relations to it all, including their Yakuza shadow board, the Four Oyabun. The team shares what they can, often broad strokes, trying to stick to mostly truth while respecting previous data sharing agreements they’ve made. Echo manages to do some smooth redirecting on occasion, getting Buttercup interested in tales of their astral journeys by sharing some info on Caelum and Warhammearth. Buttercup eventually inquires as to what they know of Double A, with Heat “neither confirming nor denying” but taking credit, and Echo dropping the MAI name (misstating it initially to get Ruxpin to “correct” them as a useful additional cover for the lie), and the team feels they are selling it.

However, Echo notices something interesting as they do- Chomsky, who has seemed very smooth, calm and neutral the whole meeting, is briefly just a little on edge as they answer these specific questions. Remembering that Blake said he would know if they succeeded or failed in their task, Echo surmises that Chomsky may have an additional patron for her work here, and is likely reporting back to Blake. After a quick comms check with the team, they decide not to burn Chomsky right now, and stick with their original Johnson, not sure how Buttercup would respond. Chomsky closes the interview with a question about Monads, which the team answers honestly, and then Heat requests food, so Buttercup has some refreshments brought forth by an Air spirit. She also asks Bug a probing question, seemingly seeking a response and causing DeBug to lost control, but Bug resurfacing.

Buttercup giggles and clap delightedly, with Ruxpin once again trying to stand in the way to prevent anyone else noticing. Bug grabs a few sandwiches as they find themselves quite hungry, and puts back a butter knife the DeBug seems to have tucked up his sleeve. Heat passes Buttercup an invite to his next local show, always a promoter. They exit, with Chomsky walking them out this time, as they see Dulsoon and Yoshida engaged in a near silent but intense convo, and Buttercup lounging and snacking. Chomsky thanks them for their work, and seemingly clears their payment, which comes through, and also offers them another job. A different client of hers, who will remain anonymous, but who seems to be on the Spinrad board, was present at a meeting where the board received a message saying “WE KNOW WHAT REALLY HAPPENED TO JOHNNY. STAY OUT OF OUR WAY.” It was unsigned, but all copies of it were destroyed, with a capture by cybereyes or some other sort of visual augment being the only surviving instance.

So it seems that someone got the message, and understood it. Chomsky’s client wants to know more, and she offers the team money, or other more unusual forms of payment, depending on what they find, saying that based on the high pay rate for this evening’s interview, she believes she is sufficiently vouched for in that regard. The team accepts, especially since they are already interested in digging further into the mystery behind Spinrad’s death. With that, they head out for a night of oysters and drinking, though Ruxpin splits off to head to the nearby Spinrad HQ gym for another workout and hookup with Nazira, and Heat quickly finds a semi-wealthy artsy type to go home with. Echo and Bug chat a bit, getting to know each other better.

The next day, the team wakes late, and is summoned up to Washington Heights by Cat for the promised meet. Arriving, and providing the relevant flatvid password, they once again enter Tough Tony’s and are ushered to a private booth where Cat and SPYder are waiting. They get the lowdown on the mission- the team will need to break back into the MCT arcology in New Harlem, hopefully via the same path as last time if it remains undetected. They will return to the Shibata Consulting floor, and gain access to the hidden Foundation inside their offline host, and find out what’s going on there, as well as seeking further proof/evidence of Teeg and MCT’s Denver cleanup and anything else useful. With a shopping list of trode nets, Hitchhiker chips, and the like, the team plans to spend the next day shopping and go in overnight once more the following evening.

The team also hears that Silver Nail has gone into hiding- he’s unsure whether it was his surveillance of Meiers or another job he was working, but someone is after him, and he needs to lay low. He seems both spooked and a little excited by the prospect. Doing some further digging into Double A’s past, they find that the original Double A “AA” was the Bostonian runner who initially distro’ed the Null Doc, on paper, at legendary baseball game that occurred during the Lockdown. He died in Boston shortly thereafter. The new Double A has been working on various forums, BBS’, etc to keep spreading the word about the danger of the Null, and had apparently recently come to NYC chasing a promising lead for some way to drive a wedge between the Null and their allies, before going dark. Noone has been able to reach him of late, so it seems he might truly be dead.

Aradia also reports back on her chat with the madame in Terminal, who reported that she managed to get both of the working girls who were in jail safely out and back to work, but was also there to discuss some other missing sex workers- after some digging, it seems that once again the common thread is that at least a few of them were Monads, whether or not they were out about that fact.

Finally Some Action
4/7/2025, 5:36:30 PM
Runners
Otters aka Roadkill
Aradia
Echo
Bug

The team, taking on Cat’s mission to dig more into MCT’s Denver activities and cleanup, follow the hired Rat Pack smuggler, Ratman, into the Underground. SPYder joins them, to fulfill the required decker role on the job. After another safe but spooky traversal, the team enters MCT’s New Harlem arcology through a maintenance hatch in a deep sub-basement that the Rat Pack gained access to and bypassed security on. As this is a mixed public/private building, it isn’t one of MCT’s Zero Zones, so the security actually seems viable to avoid. This proves especially true when the team slips into the sub-basement and finds it cavernous and empty. Checking the other 2 sub-basement levels, they find the same: large empty space, where a lot of equipment have been moved out somewhat recently, but no evidence as to what it was.

Aradia reports that there is evidence of astral cleansing as well, and SPYder hacks the few cameras they find once an invisible Bug sneaks up to them to apply data taps. SPYder starts working on an override to gain access to the large freight elevator, which seems like the safest option for ascending to the 29th floor, the only other lead they have- as it is the listed address for Shibata Consulting in NYC. Without any of the basement servers that SPYder was expecting they’ll have to go straight to the source. After gaining access to the freight elevator, they take it rapidly up, with SPYder occasionally slowing their ascent to bypass cameras and sensors on the way. Since the arcology slopes in and twists slightly as it rises, the elevator follows this path, which gives a slightly disturbing feeling to the ride.

They reach the 29th floor and carefully check it out. It’s shut down for the night, with the only security cameras monitoring the elevator banks in the locked lobby area. SPYder gets hooked into some terminals and starts hacking while the team pokes around. Oddly, each desk has a pair of terminals, one a standard modern wireless terminal connected to the building host (still running on the Foundation), while the other is air-gapped and fully hardwired. There is no way to connect the two without cracking them open and rewiring them (except perhaps for TM’s), which seems odd- some kind of data partition. The team starts to worry that this might be either designed to keep the Null Sect in, or out. Of what they don’t know.

They also find offices for the 3 executives, which seem suspiciously generic and impersonal, and a shared secretarial office, where Bug finds a hand-written journal stashed way back in a desk drawer. It seems the executives only arrived in the last few months, after a team-building exercise put on by “ANIMA Construction”, but all believe they have worked here for decades. The secretary is being paid to support them in this belief, but doesn’t seem to know why, and is making notes of some of the little oddities. This suggests that MCT’s Denver cleanup has gone beyond erasing Matrix evidence of their personnel having been on-site, but to erasing or altering those personnel’s memories as well.

SPYder has some reports from the Matrix- the public Foundation Host terminals are the ones he had previously accessed, to prove that their offices were here, and don’t have any useful intel. The offline terminals are more interesting- specific sculpting, but mostly empty, though he did find the 3 exec’s addresses, one floor up, and evidence that all 3 had retired for the night. Even weirder, there is a connection to a hidden, high-rating Foundation, which also looks spooky and empty. SPYder says he would need additional equipment to get the team in there with him and wants to report back to Cat first, so they agree to go check out the exec’s, but this once again feels Null Sect-y.

With Bug thinking about some stuff, he comes up with the idea that since all 3 exec offices seem so similar, and since the secretary reports their weird behavior all seeming like they got some version of the same treatment, they decide to just check one of the exec’s, and only look into another one or 2 if the first one shows up anything unexpected. They carefully sneak past cleaning crews after using Echo’s light pistol to hit emergency stairwell cameras with Looper rounds. Bug breaks into the room where the executive seems to be sleeping, and Otters investigates via snake drone.

Seeing that the guy has drunk himself into a stupor, Aradia enters, Silenced and Invisible, and uses her newest spell, Reduce Willpower, before Mind Probing him. He resists a bit, even unconscious, obviously having had some corp training, but is no match. However, Aradia finds a strange mind- some things she seeks he only has surface responses to, with no subconscious activations- relating to their work onsite, NYC experiences etc. Some other stuff, related to Denver, has no surface thoughts and ONLY subconscious stuff, though even that seems vague and distant. Aradia tries to surface some memories, and also examines what he remembers of his dreams- it does seem that, as with Otters, the erasure is not perfect, so little things surface, but nothing fully provable.

With that, they decide they aren’t likely to get more here, and since they have so far been undetected, they decide to retreat, report to Cat, and leave their entrance and exit available for further intrusions as needed. They get out smoothly the same way they came in, and Ratman guides them back through the tunnels to Tough Tony’s, where they all report in and Cat pays up. She says her and SPYder are going to do some more digging before going back in, but to expect more work soon. The team heads home to rest. Aradia gets a call from Anka that Siedah Legrange at the Freedom Tunnel reported that some plain clothes spook types came looking for the team shortly after they passed through after raiding the possible CIA safehouse, but that everyone there knows better than to talk to government types.

Piper Jinx also calls, telling the team that after she put the word out about looking for intel on Indica Meiers, the CIA agent (or ex-) who ran the safehouse, Silver Nail (the wannabe runner with the anime features magical disguise) reported spotting her heading into the private area of Belvedere Castle. When some of the team miss the significance, Aradia explains that the Castle is controlled by the local Black Lodge, or at least one of their fronts, so it implies a disturbing connection there, though since Meiers is an Ork, they aren’t sure what exactly this all means. It does suggest that the BL was not driven as fully out of DeeCee as people thought, during the shadow conflict there a few years back.

Not knowing how else to proceed with that for now, they decide to just hold onto it and see what else comes up. The BL connection could certainly explain the high-level magical protection that Meiers is rumored to have access to, not explained otherwise given her lack of known magical ability. The team chills for a bit until they get a sudden call from Cat- they are needed again ASAP! Cat was tracking a shipment from some MCT docks in the Lower Westside, which seems to have gotten attacked by Ancients, though NYPD INC interrupted the whole affair and seems to have impounded the vehicle, arrested the driver, and grabbed a few Ancients as well in the mix. Cat wants the vehicle (or at least it’s contents, worried it’s more of the “Denver Devices”) as well as the driver.

Luckily, the NYPD precinct they all got brought to is the border station between North Terminal and the Lower West Side, so the team turns off their SINs, throws on some disguises, grabs all their heavy combat gear, and heads over to the crossing, finding a scene of some chaos. With Morticia overhead, the team gets a good tactical view, and sees that there are escapees fleeing the NYPD lockup, as well as folks from Terminal scaling the impound lot wall to break into cars there, grabbing anything useful and tossing it back over. Since the checkpoint has auto-turrets (that seem on the fritz but are still aiming around wildly) the team decides to follow people over the wall, and using ropes, ladders, and levitation, does so smoothly. They find the smuggler’s vehicle missing, and 3 Ancients gunned down near where it seems to have been parked.

They head into the precinct, all the doors seemingly unlocked, and quickly lose signal to Otters and the RCC in a distressingly high-force jamming field of some sort. Otters gets levitated over the wall as well to help IRL, not her favorite. As they head in, they find the remaining cops inside barricaded on the upper floors and hear some gunfire and shouting from that direction, so give it a pass. Echo and Aradia intimidate anyone they see into leaving them alone as they push for the basement, where they find the impound locker and the holding cells. The couple cops who were done here have been beaten unconscious or maybe dead and stripped of useful items, and it looks like a few prisoners got a beatdown from others before most fled. They find the smuggler unconscious but not additionally injured, and get him back up with a stim patch, interrogating him a bit and starting to help him up the stairs.

Meanwhile Bug is going around collecting any data he can off terminals that were left logged in- they only have whatever they had open, since the noise is cutting their wireless as well. But he finds surveillance footage from the impound lot, a list of stuff impounded, and some useful paydata scattered around. Aradia grabs the couple commlinks the cops seized from the Ancients and the smuggler, along with an odd, heavy crate that apparently was in the smuggler’s vehicle when the cops impounded it. They head out, since Otters checks outside and spots some incoming NYPD Inc. reinforcements via Morticia. They head back over the wall, with Aradia levitating the crate, and the smuggler bummed to see his ride missing. Reporting into Cat, she says she’ll send someone to pick up the smuggler, so they knock him out again for transport, and then Mind Probe him to learn what they can.

He’s another Iron Couriers freelancer, who picked stuff up at an MCT-owned dock, and was supposed to deliver it to an automated facility with unlisted owners, but near the MCT Arcology in New Harlem. The team also arranges to send along the commlinks for SPYder to hack, and after examining the crate with great trepidation and realizing it is merely a high-end medical nano-printer, they send that along as well. Cat pays for the goods, but says the job isn’t done yet as they still need to find the ride and what else was in it, so the team plans to keep working, passing off all the goods for cat to another Ratwoman with a travois, who loads up the sledge and heads Underground. The team ditches their illegal gear and makes a point of having their SINs on elsewhere, to not get caught up in any aftermath of this whole thing.

They call up Piper, who seems interested in the scoop on the breakout as well, and who in exchange for a promise of more exclusive info helps them ID a lot of the people they saw running away. The most promising two are a lawyer and a BTL maker, both of whom were likely recording. SPYder also reports that the Ancient’s comms reveal they were hired by Eager! So the team organizes a friendly sit down after assuring him that they don’t need to be adversarial on this matter. He brings some beer and wine, and they pay him a bit for the deets, which he doesn’t mind spilling since he says the Johnson vanished, and seemed to have given them some bad intel anyway.

They only met online, via avatars in an Atlantis themed game host (this is starting to sound familiar to the team). Eager doesn’t know who they were, but he did a little digging and found out that the payment came through an old NeoNet black ops slush fund- so it could either be the Null Sect, who ended up in control of some of NN’s former Boston assets during and after the Lockdown, or it could be any of the corps who snapped up parts of NN when it was stripped for parts by the Corp Court. With this promising but frightening lead, they insist, against his wishes, on bringing Eager up to speed on the Null. He seems appropriately scared by the Null Doc, and also to recognize that they are a bit above his desired and current pay grade, so he says he will be careful to steer clear, and says his goodbyes, happy to not know more about whatever the team plans next.

They first contact the lawyer, and Echo smoothly shares some drinks and pays for the footage he has. he explains he was at the precinct repping some clients, and handing out business cards to other detainees, when everything popped off. He hoofed it, but did see the BTL maker a ways ahead of him, along with an armored vehicle and the smugglers vehicle speeding off past the BTL maker, but making a stop that he might have a better vantage on. So the team decides to track him down next, as well as looking into a local Madame who runs some of the flesh trade for the Slaughterhouse and was in the precinct asking after some of her missing workers (a few were indeed locked up and made good their escape). They also review the footage from the impound lot that Bug found, and see a heavily armored team dash in, seemingly as the noise started and the doors all unlocked, and then emerge a short while later from the precinct with an ork man in tow.

They gunned down the Ancients who were making another attempt to get the smuggler’s car, and then took it themselves, peeling out off the lot off camera. The lawyers camera picked them up then transferring half their number to the vehicle they parked just off-site and speeding off in both. Hopefully the BTL maker’s recording can tell them the rest of the story, they just have to get there before someone (or something!) else does….

Safe as Houses
3/31/2025, 12:14:55 PM
Runners
Otters aka Roadkill
Aradia
Echo
Ruxpin
Bug

Aradia takes a minute to make some calls, and introduce ChewGum and Midori Koki, the Shiawase rep in Denver, to smooth over CG"s arrival in town to investigate the Beautiful Death planar crossing. Otters also gets the notice of the announcement of the Control race for the latter half of the month, date TBD but titled “Square Times”. With that out of the way, they start looking into the courier who delivered the interview questions and payment to Piper Jinx. He is going by Jake Adams, and working for Iron Courier Services. Otters makes some calls to smuggler contacts and Echo does some matrix research, uncovering that Iron Courier just acts as a matrix booking agent, hiring out their jobs to a list of licensed and pre-approved contractors, and that this is apparently a decently cushy gig for runners who want a steady sideline or people who want a little bit of action but are trying to get out of the life.

After assuring Eduard Cabrera that it won’t blow back on him and sending him a finder’s fee, Cabrera tips the team off to where in town Adams bunks down- a nominal safehouse that seems to have become his primary residence, on the north end of the Southside district. Proximity to the port and to Terminal makes sense for a semi-retired smuggler, and they head over to do some recon. They follow him for a day, seeing him do some basic counter-surveillance, but just out of habit- he doesn’t spot them or seem to be worried about anything in particular. Since he seems to have a neighborhood routine (morning coffee, work during the day, evening meal), they make a plan to get his intel subtly.

Aradia scores some alcohol soluble knockout drugs from Slaughterhouse cornerboys in Terminal, and they follow him another day til he gets to his evening meal. Bug slips into the restaurant, and drops the drugs into one of his drinks just after his meal is delivered. He drinks it and passes out immediately, but another customer alerts staff to Bug acting sneaky, so he slips out of the restaurant and hoofs it, not wanting to attract more attention. Aradia, posted up across the street, quickly Mind Probes the ko’ed Adams, and gets the intel they need- a description of the man who gave him the hardcase with the assorted chips inside to deliver to Piper, and the location they met- out front of a side by side duplex on a corner lot in East Riverside.

Since Adams doesn’t seem to know any more relevant specifics, Aradia drops the spell and walks away, seeing the crowd in the restaurant starting to respond to the unconscious man. Ruxpin makes a pass, sees that they have woken Adams back up safely and that staff are out on the street looking about (maybe for Bug), so also makes an exit. They decide to act fast, and take public transit up to the corner lot in ER. Otters does a pass with Morticia while the rest look from the streets. Both units look a little anonymous, like a well-appointed short term rental property, from what they can through upper level windows. The first floor has the curtains drawn, and the basement/garden level has been walled off entirely. They find a small shared courtyard out back of both units, with no street access.

Aradia does some quick assensing and manifesting to further scout the units, the only living things inside being plants (at least it isn’t shedim then….). She finds that the basement is locked with high grade maglocks on an interior door, and also has a secret, also locked, exit, via a ladder to the couryard. Both units seems set up the same. High security, but lacking personalization. Echo starts to think this is almost surely a government or corp safehouse, and they wonder what they stumbled into here. Deciding to make use of the secret courtyard entrance, Aradia levitates an invisible Ruxpin back there, who carefully pulls up some pavers to access the mechanism on the hidden hatch.

Aradia then parks Ruxpin on top of an adjacent building, where he keeps an eye out for any trouble, and then levitates an invisible Otters over to the same spot, where she manages to carefully bypass an anti-tamper switch and activate the hydraulics, getting the hatch cracked open. Aradia pulls Otters out, who gets a few fly spys up as well, and then sends an invisible Bug back there, who sneaks in, maintaining comms with the help of the drone. He explores a bit, finding a clean but creepy basement, with a small bedroom, bathroom, and living room- tiled, and sloped towards a drain in the center of the floor. This does not seem like a good place.

After sonaring around a bit, Bug finds a hidden space behind one of the shower walls, and searches around a bit, eventually figuring out the switch, causing one wall of the shower to slide open, revealing a small stair with emergency lights leading down. Otters spots an encrypted signal going out as the door opens, and Ruxpin and Morticia start scanning the skies for incoming trouble with Echo and Otters watch the streets. Bug creeps down the stairs, and finds a high end hardened comms terminal bolted to a sturdy desk and hard-wired into the house, with various cables running off of it through the ceiling of the small chamber. Another short stair leads up, presumably to the other unit. There is also what look likes a weapons locker.

Worried about time, Bug focuses on the terminal, trying and failing to yank it free. They then start disconnecting it, with Otters’ instruction. Morticia spots an incoming ARES Dragon style heavy chopper in the “fastpass” lane, which Echo ID’s as a troop carrier. So they warn Bug they are on a clock, just as the TacNet comes under attack from a high-skill decker. Otters manages to get Morticia to safety but the TacNet crashes under the assault, dumpshocking Otters and leaving her a little bereft and stunned, and Bug without comms. He decides to give it one more try, and having loosened enough connections, it finally pulls through, though he struggles to haul it up the ladder, even with his tail and gecko grip.

Ruxpin throws down a rope into the courtyard, and pulls Bug and the case up onto the building, just as Aradia feels her sustained spells start to come under attack as well. Bug’s invisibility drops, luckily Ruxpin has taken the case, as they sneak across the roof and kick their way into the fire escape to head down into the building. A low-light spotlight from the chopper briefly highlights the rooftop door, as the team also sees 4 figures fast-roping down to clear the safehouse. Ruxpin and Bug dash down a floor, and then get worried about tech tracking, so Ruxpin rips open the case and grabs a handful of what look like data storage chips as it explodes in his face. Luckily, he did this in bear form, so along with the exploded case, someone will eventually find his shredded street clothes.

Now naked, he passes the handful of chips to Bug, and they dash to the end of the hallway, leaping through the window there and crashing into the living room of a unit in the next building over. Ruxpin grabs a curtain to wrap around himself for some clothes. The startled couple inside are listening to jazz and drinking wine, and offer a timid thanks when Bug chucks a credstick on the floor on his way out to pay for the damages. The two runners dash to street level, and slip out into the late evening bustle, as the rest of the runners make their exit. Luckily, Echo also has an RCC, lower-level and no TacNet, but still- they manage to find Otters and get it to her, and she gets team comms back up, and gets Morticia safely out of the area and headed back to the safehouse.

Calling in a favor with Anka, Aradia gets a tip to a community organizer in the Freedom Tunnel shanytown nearby, who can help get them underground. The team all slips away, unsure if they’re being followed by drones but hoping not. They meet up with the community organizer, Siedah Legrange, who charges them for transit and then ushers them into one of many tent and tarp structures, where an old manhole cover has been levered aside, revealing a ladder down. Otters punches in another call to Cabrera, requesting that the Rat Pack send a guide to their location, and they head down, and find a small nearby chamber they can keep an eye on while waiting.

Eventually a teen shows up with a collection of trained dire rats and introduces herself as “Ratgirl”, offering them transit assistance for pay, and dropping Cabrera’s name. They get a little more intel about the nature and threats of the Underground from this Ratgirl, and head out after agreeing to her terms. Occasionally hearing unexplained screams both near and far, cracking bones, water flowing over their heads, feelings of something just behind them, etc, and navigating in almost total darkness other than their lights, they are very happy to have the guide, especially given the shifting and unstable nature of the tunnels, alcoves, abandoned train platforms, basements, maintenance accessways and the like that they traverse on their journey.

They eventually emerge in the lower levels of Terminal Station, finding that it is fully the next day, and they are all filthy and exhausted. Also Otters needs to get her SIN loaded on something and repair the main RCC before they can do much else, so they head to the Terminal safehouse for now, parting ways with Ratgirl, now that they are back somewhere they know. Otters spends the next two days patching up the gear, while Echo and Aradia make a deal with The Tiding to hack the chips they got in exchange for sharing the data. TD seem eager, and agree, and the team feels they will honor the terms, though are glad that their social members are good at making carefully worded deals. Ruxpin checks in with Sully, but not tips on Halo yet.

Shortly after Otters gets her gear fixed, The Tiding shares their report- this seems almost definitely to be a CIA or ex-CIA safehouse, based on some tradecraft, defenses, etc. The name of the woman running it is Indica Meiers, but there isn’t much other data about her. However, they have fragments of data about various agents, targets, etc who were either stashed or detained at the site, and tell the team they would pay to have use of it, though the team tells them to hold off for now, wanting to see if it comes in useful somewhere else first. Echo makes contact with Col. Mattison at Black Arrow Brigade HQ, and gets a little briefing on Meiers.

A human-passing Ork woman, she is in her 40’s, career CIA, and a real climber- taking dangerous overseas assignments etc to rise in the ranks and catch the eyes of higher-ups. She ranked up enough that Mattison lost track of her in the last 5 or so years, and has a rep as being both competent and dangerous, with a mix of implants and bound spirit bodyguards that she picked up on assignment somewhere in the Middle East. With all this intel, the team reports into Piper, who tells them she’ll look more into Meiers, but that this is a good lead for now, and they should probably lay a little low since it seems like the CIA, in one form or another, may be very tied into ANIMUS, but may also have tipped Piper to some of it’s goings-on. She wants to find out more before they make next moves.

With that, the team chills for a bit. Aradia briefs the team on the Shiawase job to look in the “Lady In Red” phenomenon on the matrix, and they hire it out to Hotkey to do some research. He reports back that initial digging shows a strange pattern- an Johnson with a specific appearance and stlye, usually with corporate or similar financial backing, will hire a team for a job, and then burn them, and usually their financial backer, at some point or another, but will also die in some dramatic way. Since all of the LIR Johnsons seem to be well-concealed but highly skilled TM’s, the team assumes that they are faking their deaths in some way, since it would be a major resource and skill loss for somewhat minimal gains otherwise.

Their jobs seem to focus on DeLaMar’s transition from Foundation matrix to optical brick stack matrix, and be invested in the Wild Matrix, the state of various used and disused Foundation hosts, and Resonant Realms. The team doesn’t think it’s Null, for once, given the TM angle, but doesn’t have any other great ideas, so tells HK to keep digging, carefully, to which he agrees. With that in progress, the team finally gets back to Cat, who has been growing impatient waiting for them to be ready to do some work, following up on Denver and MCT’s rapid exodus. They head up to Tough Tony’s and again use an old flatvid pass-phrase to gain entry.

They find both Cat and Spyder (smoking, of course) waiting for them in a private booth. They head over and Cat has their preferred drinks delivered, remembering from her bar, except for Bug, who gets an NA bev since Cat seems unsure whether he is actually a child, and doesn’t really know him yet. They get the brief on the job, and negotiate for pay. Basically, this is an escort mission, plus a little further digging. They will once again make use of a Rat Pack smuggler, via the hidden entrance to the Underground at Tough Tony’s, and gaining access to MCT’s Harlem arcology through a dis-used lower level. The team is to protect Spyder and get him into the basement servers in the arcology, from where he will find the location of a few specific execs who were transferred out of Denver, all via “Shibata Consulting”, an AA MCT subsid, that seems to have been in charge of the Denver cleanup.

Wanting to know what these 3 know, and with evidence that records of their time in Denver have been thoroughly scrubbed from the matrix (likely by Null assistance), this seems like the best route. They also get a little update on Denver, with GW having trashed MCT’s Hub office tower, leaving it’s wreckage as a reminder to the other corps of where the limits of his tolerance lie. Cat says getting him some more intel on MCT will help keep the team in his relatively good graces, which is definitely where they all want to be, so it seems good they are getting around to this mission.

Bridge and Tunnel
3/24/2025, 9:36:33 PM
Runners
Otters aka Roadkill
Aradia
Echo
Ruxpin
Bug

The team continues their investigation into Lilian Subramian, the mysteriously implanted stunt-woman who seems to have been a backup for DJ during his big, chaotic day on the town, swapping through mid-level corpo personas. After chatting with her for a bit, Echo and Aradia get her to share what little she can remember- coming to in some sort of ambulance/van while she was under for what she thought was a surgery for the skillwire system she “won in a sweepstakes”. With her permission, as she seems appropriately freaked about the whole situation (as well as mildly sedated courtesy of Rikki’s stash), they arrange to Mind Probe her, and Aradia gets a thorough look into her subconscious.

They find that she was indeed transported by a vehicle kitted out to look like an ambulance on the exterior, but with some kind of magical or tech camo that allows them to change it to look like the local provider for each district they pass through. They go over a bridge eventually, and then transfer Lilian to some sort of Valkyrie Module-like contraption while entering a tunnel. She doesn’t seem to know anything else, but Aradia and the others realize that this van could be the same mysterious “invisible” van that dropped off all the ANIMUS “patients” in Central Park, when they met Piper. So they flag that for review.

The rest of the team, watching the exterior, has noticed 4 individuals all conversing with each other, wearing subtle urban camo and holo-masks. Their comms tech is high end and well-protected, and Ruxpin has to switch to using his visor to even spot them with a TacNet assist. He mean mugs the nearest one a bit, and gets a message in response, which he forwards to Echo, in Heat’s absence. Echo chats with the sender a bit- they seem to know that one of the “Sleepwalkers” is being held in a safehouse in Rikki’s building, and say they would like to conduct an unobserved interview with the Sleepwalker, but can leave her unharmed and in the team’s custody afterwards, if they wish.

After running it by Piper and Rikki, the team agrees, since this opps crew seems like they are likely better armed than the team at the moment, even with Rikki’s assorted drones, and both sides seems to prefer a peaceable solution. Echo negotiates for some sharing of intel, and the opps team agrees to conduct their investigation in view of the team, but under a Silence spell for privacy. Only 2 of them enter, with Ruxpin watching the other 2, who remain outside. The 2 inside seems to conduct a similar interview to the team’s, but maybe focus more on the tech side. After they conclude, they share some intel as promised- the driver of the van is a TM named “Gramius”, and they believe the location that Lilian was taken to is code-named “OCTAGON.”

The team then negotiates further to share some more intel, after confirming that these 2 were able to safely access the hidden implanted data lock (they also disabled the hidden comm and cortex bomb for good measure), and Aradia shares what she saw in her magic vision, confirming she is the more skilled mage, while the opps team shares what they got off the tech. Basically, as the team suspected, the comm would send/receive on a schedule, as was how DJ/Lilian were able to run so many personasofts and skillsofts over the course of a day without stopping over anywhere, actively downloading, installing, and deleting constantly between impersonations.

Agreeing to continue working together to resolve this , the team finally gets a name for these mysterious people- they are The Tiding! One of the forecasting groups that Heat has been investigating for Hype. The team tips them off that Horizon is looking into them, and they say that Heat has in fact reached out, so the team gives some context for Heat/Horizon without blowing up his spot. Apparently the members maintain a strict code of secrecy, and refer to themselves as “Magpies.” They tell the team that they are happy to buy/sell blackmail intel, useful tips, etc, and can compile intel dossiers for hire. With a new connection made, the Tiding members take off, and Ruxpin heads in to start getting Rikki and Lilian ready to move- even though the Tiding seem chill, the safehouse is blown so they are going to relocate. Aradia puts Lilian in touch with Brinkvale to try to further help recover her memories.

Otters had noticed Rikki respond, subtly, when Gramius was brought up by the Magpies, so she mentions it, and Rikki checks in with the team about their feelings on Monads and whatnot. After verifying that they are chill, he reveals that he himself is a Monad, and explains that his comically fit and generically handsome body is a wimp clone he was given by contacts in Evo to live in. He also says he was trapped in Boston during the Lockdown, and that he lost a lot of time, but thinks he might have been smuggled out in Gramius. He says he is surprised that Gramius would be involved in something this shady, since he has been a generally solid guy in the past, but explains they lost touch a while ago, and speculates that either Gramius changed a lot or someone changed him- perhaps he himself has fallen victim to ANIMUS or something similar.

Rikki gives some further background and context for both himself and Gramius. Rikki was nearly killed while seeking the mysterious K-Code in Hong Kong, and thinks he found a site where it was worked on at one point, or maybe trapped? Depending what it actually is. Anyway, a dev suite full of massacred coders, which he barely got out of before the second cleanup crew arrived. Last he heard of Gramius around that time, Gramius was working as an emissary between Evo and the Yakut shapeshifters. Rikki requests that they try not to harm him if they come across him, and says he will also look into what has become of his old friend. They compare notes on the dangers involved, and after making sure they each know about the memory erasure and Null Sect problems, go their separate ways for now, with a promise to follow up.

During all this Evo chat, the team has noticed that Bug is all of a sudden acting quite different. Their posture and face change noticeably, and they seem very agreeable and more corp-y than usual. Their skillset also seems to have changed, and they equip themselves with some knives from the kitchen when Ruxpin asks them to go patrol. The noise, smell, chaos etc of emerging back onto NYC streets seems to snap him back out of it, and Bug plays it off smoothly enough that Ruxpin gets confused, though the rest of the team doesn’t let it go as easily. They insist on heading straight for Brinkvale’s lab while Bug at first dissembles a bit and then tries to explain.

He says that Evo was attempting a sort of corporate programming endeavor, to quickly give new hires workplace skills, etiquette, knowledge, and the like, and allow people who grew up outside the corp an easier time integrating into it. They also seemed to have further plans for promising subjects such as Bug, but they supposedly removed it when he left. He’s a little suspicious the removal didn’t totally take though, since he’s had a few of these weird blackouts and often seems to come back to himself possessing some new knives….

They reach Brinkvale’s, and with Aradia assensing, confirm that Bug doesn’t have implants, nanites, and ANIMUS mark, or anything along those lines. This leads Brinkvale to ask some probing questions and determine that it was likely a nanite-based persona installation that doesn’t require ongoing nanite presence, triggered by certain stresses now that it is latent. He supposes it could also be AIMAD style programming, but that generally doesn’t create another persona, just alters the current one. He confirms that he could provide a therapy chip (not a BTL! he insists) to help override the latent persona from taking over, but suggests it could have side consequences as yet unforseen, especially if used a lot. Otters is very in favor of this plan.

Bug gets a shopping list of what he would need to make this work, but holds off for now, and Brinkvale once again tries to get Otters to pursue some other path, warning her that her chip may someday burn out, which worries her quite a lot indeed. But, as it’s working now, she declines further assistance. Brinkvale tells them that if they come into possession of any of the actual programs/tech/knowledge of how these memory alterations are being done, he thinks he might be able to do something to permanently help Bug, but he would need some advanced tech beyond his current setup or abilities. They agree to circle back if they find anything helpful, and head out, feeling safe enough with Bug for the moment.

Aradia makes a quick trip over to Greenwich to finally make a connection with ArcAnna, the (very) Swedish proprietor of ArcAnna’s Cabana, on Eager’s recommendation, and puts in an order for some biofber as well as picking up a few Quicksilver cameras, to make an astral snoop detector for their safehouses like the one they encountered at Alanna Gale’s fashion design studio. She also notices that ArcAnna seems to be a Dryad, like Avocado, which may explain her Hedge Witch vibes, if she has attuned to her locality as Dryad’s are often wont to do. They next decide to look further into the Merlin Hawk situation, and head up to Central Park, purchasing a large box full of Guinea Pigs on the way.

Aradia, with Otters providing some animal guidance, manages to communicate with the Hawks via a mental link, after establishing a connection first via a summoned Air Spirit- Aradia’s good astral rep likely helped. Although they Hawks communicate more through image and concept than language, they seem to possess complex reasoning, understand counting and numbers and at least basic math, and some others tests Otters proposes. With this in hand, they seem at least pseudo-sapient, which should be enough to interest the Sea Dragon. They are also grateful for the gift of all the Guinea Pigs, which they studiously hunt through the park.

Aradia calls up Rin Hideki, and explains her plan, before dialing Shiawase Daigou into the call, a real power move, which impresses the local rep significantly. Daigou greets Aradia warmly and barely pauses to look up who Rin Hideki is before also greeting him- Aradia has a feeling this is basically an instant promotion for him. Daigou agrees to take charge of smoothing over Aradia’s plan- they will offer the Sea Dragon control over the Central Park reservoir, from where she can oversee conservation and protection of the Merlin Hawks, and Shiawase will further cement their relationship, ensuring they stay in her good graces in Seattle and elsewhere. Daigou shows off some plant clippings, seemingly from the plane of Beautiful Death, and they get off the call.

Rin Hideki seems appropriately enthused, and Aradia also shares the intel about the Black Lodge being behind the Society of Hawks and the ownership of Belvedere Castle. With the magical oddness around Cleopatra’s Needle as well, RH agrees this bears further attention from the corp. He also requests that Aradia take a look into a possibly dangerous matrix entity/phenomena known as a “Lady in Red” on behalf of the corp, and thanks her for her introduction to Shiawase Daigou, a major social coup in the corp. Aradia congratulates herself on a well-played social maneuver, and the team debates what to do next. They talk about looking into the missing Monads that Aradia got tipped to via her PI fake SIN, and call Piper and Rikki to warn them of the potential danger.

Piper says she actually just got a weird job for them specifically, and asks them to swing by her office. They do so, and she explains further- first, she’s also been interested in the missing Monads, and points the team to a number of recent seemingly random/unconnected “extractions” and disappearances, the hidden connection being that a number of the target were Monads (whether or not they were “out”). Worrying. Regardless, she has something else for the team for today- she got a request to interview them, with a specific list of questions. She says this also made her suspicious, so she has a second job on the side- she wants the team to do the interview, and then do some digging and find out who made the request.

She thinks the hirer will be less suspicious if she turns in the interview, so just warns the team not to give TOO much away, but to answer truthfully (where proveable) or not answer as needed. The team, also wanting to know who is behind this, agrees. Piper also shares that she thinks whoever this is could be the same person who tipped her off to the Ardrin’s tech demo, as well as to the escaped ANIMUS “patients” in Central Park, based on some of their phrasing and word choice and such. She also has one other lead- the courier who delivered the message and the credsticks with the pay on them. She runs through a series of questions with the team- lots of stuff about what brought them to the shadows, what might get them out someday, what their roles are, favorite memories and missions etc.

They answer as best they are able, finding their way to some interesting truths while doing so, and learning a bit more about each other as well. Otters, with perhaps the most to hide, is the most reticent, perhaps revealing as much as she conceals in the process. For the final “off the record” section, Piper asks them a few non-recorded questions about any big shadow happening, corp secrets, etc they can share, and the team cleverly uses the opportunity to share some intel they have to make MCT and ARES look bad, specifically. With that concluded, they prepare to head out and start digging into this courier and mysterious hirer, when Otters gets a message she’s been waiting for- her first Control race is finally on!

She heads down to south Manhattan with Echo to the start line, where esoteric bets are being overseen by the Control members present- all wearing large matte black helmets and classy black suits with slim red ties. The other driver are an interesting lot- a mix of brand new top of the line corp racers, runners/riggers, and home-built scrappy garage crews. They take off and do a winding race through Manhattan and the outer boroughs, looping on and off the island via a series of bridges before ending where they started. Otters ends up pulling out a slim victory, badly angering her closest competitor, one of the corp racers, and she starts to worry that winning might put a target on her back…

Luckily. the 3rd place finisher is one of the scrappy garage crews, who seem delighted to see Otters win over the corpo, and some of the other finishers (only about 2/3rds of those who started the race) also give her nods and glances before heading out. She definitely upset some bets, but it seems like people are taking an interest!

The team also gets a message from Heat, suggesting that Hype’s assorted manipulations and additional time in Johnny Silver’s orbit are starting to have some effects. Heat tips the team that Hype is trying to use Heat to get an “inside man” in the Tiding, as well as reminding the team that Hype is seeking ANIMUS and that the team should make sure to get it first. With that, Heat says he still thinks the Horizon connections and rep management are worth it, but it’s more biz than personal feeling these days. He also sends some clips of shows and new tunes/collabs he’s been working on, seems to be having a fun tour!

Identity Hostage
3/17/2025, 10:47:33 AM
Runners
Otters aka Roadkill
Aradia
Echo
Ruxpin
Bug

Aradia links back up with the crew after pursuing her personal investigations for a few days, and acquiring a high lifestyle safehouse for when she needs it. She made contact with a few different groups around town- ShatterWave, the anti-corp structure hitters, plus the local Equity and Cracking the Bones chapters. She also heard of a more local Neo-A collective called the Storm Ravens, but hasn’t yet made the connection. In addition, she did some research into the Merlin Hawks and found some interesting things. They seem to have both a limited spellcasting and limited summoning ability, both of which they primarily use for defense. Otherwise they generally hunt and live as falcons usually do, though there are rumors that people have been able to use air spirits to communicate with them.

Curious if this means they might be sapient, and if so, feeling it would keep them on the Sea Dragon’s good side to make the connection, Aradia continues digging. Hearing rumors of magical oddity in the vicinity of Cleopatra’s Needle and Belvedere Castle in Central Park, she pays Kobold and Hotkey to do some digging online. They eventually find that the Castle is owned by some non-Shiawase private party, and trace the LLC shells back to a local magical order called the Society of Hawks. Initially excited by this development, Aradia sours quite a bit when further investigation with her new CTB friends reveals that the Society is a local front or feeder org for the Black Lodge. CTB also tips Aradia off to the fact that there is another Needle obelisk in London, also stolen from Egypt, and that it is also known for it’s magical oddities. They agree to ask around more on her behalf.

Recognizing that the Society’s Castle is a good place to observe the Needle from, and also that the magical strangeness may be what attracted the Merlin Hawks, she hires Silver Nail (the young wannabe runner with the anime face illusion) to back her up on a recon run. He’s delighted. They scout it out, and Aradia is impressed by Silver Nail’s abilities- he’s green as grass but legit magically talented, which makes up a lot for his lack of street smarts. They surveil the Castle and the comings and goings for a bit, and detect that while there is a front portion open to tourists, the bulk of the structure is closed off, with no obvious way to access it, and they can detect traces of “Shape Materials” spells, so they assume the Society is using spellcraft to create entrances when needed, a good way to keep the mundane out at least.

They back off for now to report into the crew and plan next steps. Everyone on the team is onboard with the prospect of staying in the SD’s good graces, so they plan to follow up on the Merlin Hawks at least, and it’s always good to know where the Black Lodge is, even if they don’t yet know what they’re up to. Meanwhile, Heat has been playing tour shows across the Midwest and NE Great Lakes-adjacent towns, while also beginning some investigations for Hype. He updates the team from time to time as well, as he begins looking into 3 different forecasting groups in the shadows. First, Convergence, a collab between some ex-Brokerage X and ex-Seer’s Guild members, who apparently came together after some shared visions of some sort of future danger, observed through divination and market analysis. Second, the Tiding, seemingly a semi-parallel to Omega Dawn, but not an obvious threat in the same way. They are a cross-corp/faction anonymous project involved in data acquisition and sale, with unclear goals but impressive reach. Last, Orunmila, a magical group named after the Orisha of Wisdom in the Yoruba (and other) faiths. They seem dedicated to explaining magical phenomena and events to the mundane, and providing some safety tips and such.

All interesting groups, and also interesting why Hype is investigating them. Heat plans to continue looking into them while he embarks on a longer tour, supported by Johnny Silver’s contacts as well as his own, checking out some body mod scenes in the Ethiomalian Territories and Japan, especially around Chiba City. For now, the team briefs Aradia on the current gig, and they decide to focus on that first- they need to gain access to the Ardrin twins, and find out what they know about LAZARINE MENDICANT and ANIMUS. They look over the security dossier that Nagato Combine provided through Piper Jinx, and start putting together a plan. They call in some favors from Grey Cell and others to get all the requisite gear, and do some recon to learn the couple facts they need in specific. With careful observation and probing the defenses with spirits, they are able to identify who fills what roles on the twins’ security details. This is useful, as each detail is made up of a surgically modified set of false triplets, comprised of one TM, one mage, and one adept.

With the plan in place, and the gear acquired, they take to the skies in a VTOL loaned to them by GC, with a handful of spoof chips and a SkyGuide override installed. Just before dawn, they drop Bug off onto the roof of the twins’ tower, where Bug reverses the flow of the vent fans to both units, and starts blowing in Neuro-Stun from a keg, also acquired through GC. Otters custom dyed it green, to make it look more super-villain-y and be a little extra confusing. Otters swaps chips after making the stealth drop, and repositions in a holding pattern around the penthouse level. As the security details hustle the twins out onto the wrap around deck and towards the infinity pool overlooking Central Park, Otters slews the VTOL out into the restricted airspace of the park to get the team’s two snipers lined up for a shot.

They see that the two security mages have hung back to cast barriers over the doors onto the balcony, to seal in the gas, giving them clear shots. Echo (using Bug’s rifle, as Bug was more suited to rooftop stealth than they were) and Ruxpin each take aim and drop one mage. As Otters slides back out of restricted space into traffic and swaps spoof chips again, Aradia gets a Mind Probe going on one of the twins as the adepts get on top of them to give some sniper cover, moving at enhanced speeds, and the TM’s search for threatening signals from cover. With the threat of counter-spelling now gone, Aradia calls on her spirit pact, and manages to make a mental connection and start rooting around, searching for answers to the team’s prepared list of questions. They uncover a fair amount, though perhaps not as much as they hoped.

It seems the the twins don’t know a lot more about the tech than what they presented at the fake demo- so the demo truly was just getting the data on the corp reps and running the false flag day with DJ. They also aren’t actually trying to sell it, though they have a number to give to anyone who seems seriously interested. They also have a number to report into if anything else comes up, so Aradia notes those both down. The twins also did some digging on who their mysterious hirer is, and managed to trace their slush fund payments back to a UCAS government black ops fund! Everyone, especially Echo, is a bit shocked to hear this. The twins also seem to be under some sort of pressure from the UCAS government, as this isn’t quite their usual type of gig, given that they aren’t actually selling something and don’t really know what it is.

So the team isn’t sure how much the security detail is protecting vs also maybe detaining the twins. Regardless, they have some good leads for further digging, and the twins’ DocWagon is incoming rapidly- Bug can see the ARO warnings flashing over the rooftop helipad to stay clear. Otters swaps chips again after swinging over the roof and scooping Bug up into the VTOL without stopping, leaving the keg of toxins behind pumping into the units below. Flying through a flew dead zones over Terminal and the Pit, Otters swaps chips a few more times while Aradia magically changes the look of the craft, before they drop if off at the small airfield where they picked it up that morning.

Heading back to various safehouses to stash gear, the team also makes some calls. Aradia gets Kobold to dig into the mysterious numbers, and she traces them back to what are likely to be some UCAS CIA secure drop boxes. She says she can’t verify for sure- it could be someone running a high level false flag, but CIA is likeliest explanation based on tradecraft patterns etc. With that intel, Echo makes a rare call through a series of security protocols, and gets ahold of ex-President Colloton. Briefing her on the situation, she says she has some intel to share but requests that Echo travel to the Black Arrow Brigade HQ in City Center, as it isn’t a convo to have over comms, even highly secure ones, and they have a SCIF as BAB HQ.

Echo agrees, and runs it by the team. They decide to report into Piper and Nagato with what they have currently, and get paid for that part of the job. Piper suggests that they could probably get in good with Nagato if they find more info to share, and that she also has more work for them if they want to continue digging, which they agree to, but say they have a few things to settle first. Planning to meet the next day, Echo preps the team to head to BAB HQ, deciding that Ruxpin shouldn’t come based on his blatant enthusiasm for seeing inside a UCAS base, as a recent member of an adversarial military. After both Aradia and Otters completely bungle their disguises, they’re out too, so Echo just helps Bug get disguised as a teen, and they head over on public transit.

They get thoroughly checked and scanned, with Echo having to verify using some pass-phrases and magic skills. As they go through various security layers, they are eventually ushered into the SCIF, where they find base commander Col. Mattison awaiting them. He brusquely greets them, activates the security features, and makes them promise not to record anything in here, before he nods to a comms officer sitting next to him, who flips open a hardcase that she has handcuffed to her wrist. She flips it towards the team and hits play, with a vid message from Colloton coming up. Colloton explains that LAZARINE MENDICANT was an experimental attack proposed from within the CIA during her last days in office, as a way of seeking revenge against the corps and Corporate Court, who Colloton believes were responsible for the Blackouts that did so much damage to the UCAS.

Colloton says she rejected activating the program, as it seemed to experimental and had too many unknown variables based on the briefing she saw. However, she confirms that while LM was the targeted attack program, it was based on a longer running CIA experimental program called ANIMUS, which she knows has to do with memory alteration but not much else. She suggests that since it seems to be in use, either her successor implemented it (unlikely based on his spinelessness and kowtowing to the corps, she says) or the CIA, or some faction thereof, has gone rogue. It wouldn’t be the first time some bright spark got shot down and took their cool idea somewhere else to seek funding, she says.

With the message concluded with a request for further info sharing as discovered, as well as an operational pause on their plan to hit a Corp Court justice until they see where things land from all this, Mattison answers a few more questions they have, as he apparently received his own briefing. They are all worried about what part the Null Sect may be playing in all of this. As the team preps to leave, they see the comms officer hit a few switches inside the hardcase, closing it as it starts sparking and smoking. They exit the SCIF and are ushered back off-base, and head out on the boat with comms off as Echo fills the team in, also coming clean about their backstory- they didn’t actually fuck up in STL and get burned, they instead publicly took the blame for the disastrous loss of that city, and used that cover story to slip into the shadows and start seeking revenge against some of the UCAS’ enemies, remaining loyal to Colloton the whole time. With the intense surprise of the rest of the info shared, this revelation of Echo’s backstory doesn’t shock as much as it might have previously.

With this in hand, the team plans to keep digging, but not share this intel with Piper and Nagato just yet. They stay the night on the water, heading back in to find Heat waiting, having finally arrived with the sub. He fills them in on the last leg of his trip, and his next plans for shows and international travel and heads out. They dock the sub to the moon door on the boat, and head over to Piper’s office for a meeting. She fills them in on the next job after she and Echo do a little dance about who knows what and what can be shared. However, Echo keeps bringing her food, so is very much in her good graces regardless. Piper tells them that after she ID’ed the backup Sleepwalker woman in the videos of DJ, she sent some contacts out looking for her, and good thing to given what happened to DJ after they all started asking around. One of her contacts got lucky and found the woman, and has her stashed and sedated in a safehouse up in Harlem.

Piper wants the team to go take a look and see what they can learn, and protect the safehouse while they are doing so, in case anyone else comes looking. She puts them in touch with her contact, Rikki Nguyen, and they head to Harlem. They find him waiting in a well drone-defended safehouse, and he offers to share drone control with Otters, which she is delighted by. Rikki himself is a comically fit and generically good-looking Korean dwarf, and seems fairly charming. He introduces them to the slightly drugged woman, and explains he knew both her and DJ a little bit from the entertainment scene around town. This woman, Lilian Subramian, is a wannabe stunt double, who also recently got some high-level skillwire implants to up her game, that seem way outside her price range. They give her a medical and magical scan, and quickly find that she has one of the healed over marks indicative of memory alteration.

They also see that she has super high-rating skillware implants, alongside a hidden system with a high level comm, data locker, and cortex bomb, all hardwired. The comm isn’t currently transmitting, so they wonder if it is on a schedule or laser link or similar. This does explain how DJ was able to run so many persona and skill programs over the course of the day they followed him, if they were being sent, loaded into the secret vault, run, and then deleted. Lacking a hacker at the moment, they decide not to try to access the comms or data locker right now, as they are worried about triggering the cortex bomb. They pause for a moment to consider next steps.

The Deepest Fakes
3/10/2025, 12:53:08 PM
Runners
Otters aka Roadkill
Echo
Ruxpin

Echo volunteers to accompany Ruxpin to his first meeting for friends and families of the Returned and Missing group, but after Otters also decides to go, Echo bows out so they can enjoy another chill solo night on the town, reassured that Ruxpin has someone to watch his back (and provide social assistance as needed). Otters and Ruxpin head over to Heritage House, in the Lower East Side, and find a community/activist hub building, assembled out of a converted old theater. The place is also obviously under NYPD, INC. surveillance, which they mark for future visits. Without having done any prep or recon, and since the building doesn’t seem to be about to get raided, they just attend the meeting with their regular CityPasses and attached SINs.

Ruxpin starts chowing down on the mediocre refreshments provided, but tries to only take a bit more than his fair share. Sully runs the meeting and gets everyone talking about their experiences, who they’re missing, and any reports of the Returned they may have heard. It seems like a lot of III Corps members were from the Tristate area, so not surprising the meeting is pretty well-attended here. Ruxpin shares some of his tale, and describes his missing cohort, including Halo, who he saw a vision of amidst the towers of NYC, under the auspices of Samedi, a Voudoun Loa. Some of the more rabidly pro-UCAS attendees of the meeting get a little bristly when they realize Ruxpin is a veteran from “the other side”, having served with the PCC military effort to reclaim some Native lands during the Blackouts.

However most of the attendees seem to find the shared horror of magically missing loved ones to be the more important detail and Sully keeps the meeting on the rails. At the end, he plays a video message from one of the Returned, Sgt. Wade Touissant, who asks for help in locating his compatriots if and when they appear, and talks a bit about his time on and escape from Dis, mentioning some of the others he got out with, which seem to include PepperJack. He apologizes that he couldn’t attend this meeting or speak to them in person, but the corps have been sniffing around, trying to snatch up any Returned they can get their hands on, so he is remaining in hiding for the time being.

With the, the meeting concludes, and people chat and snack a bit while filtering out, with everyone promising to keep an eye out for each others’ people and share any tips or leads. Otters monitors the meeting for any obvious corp surveillance, but doesn’t find it, not to say that anyone there couldn’t easily have recorded it to report back to handlers. Sully signals the two runners to stay behind, and they converse a bit, with Sully seemingly wanting to feel them out as what was up with PPJ. After Otters explains the team dynamic and their moral quandaries, Sully opens up a bit more, and asks them to share any info on Returned life and memories of Dis that PPJ had told them. Otters punches in a call to Fargus Sol and asks if Sully is trustworthy.

Sol tells Otters that Sully could be a good Grey Cell recruit, and gets on the phone with him, giving him the pitch, which Sully accepts. With that, Ruxpin shows off his challenge coin (Sully’s is en route) and they get into a more thorough debrief. After comparing notes, they are a little clearer: Sully is classifying the more altered Returned as “Chimera”, as opposed to those like Touissant who aren’t as changed. The runners did notice that Touissant was very careful not to show one of his arms on the video he sent, so they assume something must be going on there. However, all of these Returned and Chimeras that Sully has seen have the purple blood- this suggests that whatever the team’s PPJ was, he wasn’t one of the Returned. From there, they get into talking about his skills and why he would have made a good surgeon, with his magical healing and disguise spells, as well as his magic hands, which could have been uniquely suited to removing cyber, which never seems to Return.

Also, the degree of ‘ware an individual has seems to correlate to their degree of Chimeric alteration- a disturbing thought, borne out by the former teammates Ruxpin has so far encountered. After revealing PPJ’s mystery crystal as the source of his abilities, as well as a connection point to some mysterious source of power and Patron, Sully is disturbed and says he needs to follow up further with Sol and look into some things, but that’s he’s worried that PPJ may have been some sort of double agent or infiltrator, conscious or not, and given the multiple dopple’s of him that the team encountered, he’s concerned about what this all might mean. They take the leave for the time being, with him promising to share any intel he gets relevant to Ruxpin’s team mate’s if the team also keeps him up to date.

They head back to the CTRL Salt Delete, and get a late night call from Eager, offering them a matrix meet early in the morning for an unknown Johnson offering solid money for day’s surveillance work. They agree and crash out, rising early to head to the meet (digitally) aside from Ruxpin who sleeps in, not wanting to bother with the computer of it all. Echo and Otters head into the Sunken City host, a popular VR space used for neutral ground and meets as it forces “Dawn of Atlantis” (a popular VR/sim game) avatars onto all users. They find the Johnson dressed up as one of the game’s cultists, and themselves attired as Atlanteans. Discussing the job in a private room, they come to terms, with Echo getting them a pay raise after interrupting Otters’ attempt to negotiate.

They are to tail a single target for 24 hours, not get spotted, and not interfere. They are to get clean video footage, audio is welcome but optional, and report in with an update and associated footage every time the subject does something notable. They clarify what this might mean, and head out, planning to take Otters’ bran new racing car out for the day, stuffed with all the surveillance gear they can quickly slap together (luckily mostly legal items). They find the target, DJ, an aspiring musician and actor of medium talent, exiting his apartment and hopping into a brand new, running, Range Rover parked just outside his building’s front door. They follow as he goes to a dress shop that seems to cater to everything from wedding gowns to drag shows, and observe as he stocks up on a bunch of outfits, wigs, etc, that seem to have been set aside for him, confidently picking out a few additional items to add to the pile.

He heads back to car and cruises to Downtown, emerging dressed to the 9’s in high femme attire. He wanders the streets a bit, attracting a lot of attention, generally positive and occasionally creepy, before flirting aggressively with what seems to be a randomly chosen stranger, passionately kissing him in a rom-com style, and then heading back to the car, leaving the stranger befuddled but pleased in his wake. He then heads to the EastSide, parking outside an Evo office building, and heading into their lobby dressed in a different femme outfit with a fresh wig and a green bodysuit underneath. Echo slips into the lobby after him, and chats amiably with the receptionist while DJ goes into the bathroom. Otters gets a flyspy in and watches as DJ sits blankly in a stall, doing nothing, for about 25 minutes, before exiting. Echo, running low on chatter, makes a grateful exit as well.

They head up to Central Park, with DJ this time emerging in yet another femme getup, this one more of a party/fashion outfit not suited to the cool weather, and proceeds to wander the park for an hour, randomly kicking dogs and then fleeing the enraged owners and startled animals. He then eats a trio of hot dogs from a street vendor, mechanically chewing and swallowing with no apparent enjoyment, before hopping back in the van and heading over to park just outside the New Whitby Hotel, a private establishment. Echo creates a distraction trying to enter the front door as Otters slides a FlySpy in the side door behind DJ, who is again femme’d up, this time a little more “fatale”, with yet another wig. Dj uses a passcode, quickly ascends to the 14th floor, and poses flirtatiously (but with his hat and wig concealing his face) just outside. As a mostly nude man opens the door, DJ dramatically announces that he can’t do this anymore, and is definitely altering his voice in some way while speaking, sounding like he’s doing an impersonation.

The near-naked man, who seems high, becomes angry and comes at DJ with a knife, saying “if I can’t have you, noone can!”, in response to which DJ calmly draws a Tiffani Needler and shoots the near-nude man 3 times, sending him toppling back into the hotel room. DJ draws the door closed and quickly exits, heading back to the car, leaving the team still baffled as to what they are witnessing. However, they continue to report in as requested. Next up, they head to a popular AR arcade, ARcade, where DJ emerges, this time in a masc look with suit and wig, carrying a hard case this time. Ruxpin verifies it could be a weapon, or a guitar, or any of a number of other things. Echo follows on foot with drone’s surveilling, as DJ walks into the arcade and heads straight up to a second floor window, opening up the case and taking out an AK-97.

He bashes out the window with the butt, and empties the clip into a unremarkable building side across the street, chipping away some brick and stone but doing no particular damage. This does cause a panic, as the weapon is quite loud in the canyons between tall buildings, and people in and near the bar flee in various directions. Amidst the chaos, DJ makes his exit and takes the Range Rover to a spot near the Eastside shore, and sits and watches the sunset in a more classic femme getup. He then hops in a sporty convertible, leaving the Range Rover behind. Ruxpin stays on that car, while Otters and Echo follow DJ, and good he did as the RR starts moving shortly after the rest leave, with Ruxpin running the streets of NYC to keep up amid the alternately surging and grid-locked traffic.

The convertible heads toward Times Square, eventually going off GridGuide and racing through a busy intersection full of pedestrians, scattering those who don’t get clear but not seemingly aiming an anyone in particular. Some other cars nearly crash in response as GridGuide struggles to compensate for the chaos, with Otters sending Morticia after the convertible while slowly getting her car clear of the mess. DJ drives into a parking garage, with Ruxpin and the Range Rover entering and parking on a different level. Ruxpin gets a look inside the RR as DJ ditches the convertible (and outfit), quickly donning a chauffeur jacket and cap and getting back up front. The back has two clothing racks hung with dry clean bags, about half are empty with recognizable bits of outfits scattered on the floor. There are also a few more hard equipment cases.

Leaving the parking garage and using GridGuide to route around the nearby chaos, DJ heads towards Terminal, parking outside the gated district and heading down a narrow side street and entering what looks like a disused basement door. Ruxpin sneaks after with a drone, and they enter a dingy, abandoned basement that has been knocked together with a few others and connected to a tunnel to make a smuggling route into Terminal. They observe at a distance as DJ hands over handfuls of credsticks and data chips to a few different gangers and syndicate types who show up within a 15 minute before DJ heads back for the exit. Echo warns the team than an NYPD, INC. foot patrol in in the alley, so Ruxpin hides in one of the connected basements as DJ passes him, with Otters following via drone. Ruxpin hurries down the smuggling tunnel, planning to exit through Terminal and rejoin the team.

Otters and Echo are surprised to see that as the cops stop DJ to question what he is doing creeping about in an area known for smuggling activity, he quickly and smoothly pulls a submachine gun, hoses the cops, dropping them, and then tosses the gun and exits the alley, hopping back into the Range Rover and smoothly rejoining traffic. Ruxpin tells them to leave him and he’ll catch up, but luckily DJ doesn’t travel far this time, stopping at a fast food joint to grab some food, and once again mechanically stuffing himself down near the Southside docks. He wads up his trash and tosses it in a nearby bin, walks about 100m away, and then waits 15 minutes before pulling out a detonator and pressing the button, causing the trash can to explode, hitting some nearby joggers and pedestrians with shrapnel in a cloud of flame. He is once again in masc costume for this, heading quickly back to the vehicle as others rush towards those injured.

He heads to the north edge of Southside, and pulls up around the corner from a Church of the Dragon Reborn that has been opened in an old Catholic church. He is now wearing a shiny, scale-textured suit, still with a masc look, and waits for a short while til a bell faintly rings and the Church’s front doors open, revealing a group of children leaving some kind of night class. He raises his arms and launches a gout of flame at them, which their teacher barely manages to divert with a spell. Having been told by the Johnson that DJ isn’t magical, they analyze the footage, and notice that the children’s teacher first tried to counterspell, failed, and then frantically cast a barrier, seemingly injuring themselves in the process from heavy drain. They also see that DJ’s sleeves are burnt and smoking, so seemingly a one-off flamethrower built into the suit. He races back to his car and heads off again. What are they watching happen here??

Otters starts doing a little research and finds that of the earlier actions, so far only one has been attributed, though many are being reported. Oddly, the “attack” at ARcade is being blamed on Kensai Okama, of Sony Corp, the mid-level corpo rep who filmed the odd tech demo/party, which the team analyzed with Piper Jinx. They continue following DJ as they start comparing the other looks DJ has been wearing to other attendees, and start figuring out that not only has he been dressing like them- he has been walking and talking like them too! Since they don’t know who they’re working for, they keep following, documenting, and reporting for now. But they are debating what to do with their intel, as they see other of the actions start to get blamed on other attendees of that meeting, with video footage edited smoothly to match (including some of the footage they’ve been sending in, it looks like, though not solely).

They recall that the various JoyToys as the corpo tech demo party were all set up with well-concealed simrigs, and figure they may have called it right (alongside the one corpo rep who left, Kim Dulsoon of Nagato Combine)- the reps themselves look to be the demo, alongside DJ, who seems to be placidly doing some impressively callous stuff well outside his known skill range. They watch as he drives back towards Terminal, pulling up near a checkpoint manned by Winter Systems guards. He starts talking them up about a dangerous attack that’s gonna happen soon from gangers in Terminal, getting them suspicious and focused inwards, and then starts one by one killing them with a memory blade he pulls from his belt loops (this time looking like a masc cop). He manages to take two of the 4 down before the other 2 notice, and he pulls his service weapon and shoots the nearer one in the face, before fleeing into the crowd from the return fire from the final guard.

Once again, civilians are diving for cover all around as gunfire breaks out, and noone seems to be rushing to help the downed cops, and indicator of how well-loved Winter Systems is in this part of town. DJ hot foots it around the corner and back into the vehicle, which once again quickly merges into traffic and heads north, this time up towards New Harlem, parking near a jewelry store and emerging in another masc look. DJ heads in, with Morticia getting a laser mic on the window. They hear him inanely chatting up the lone clerk while other customers wait impatiently, in yet another new voice. Out of nowhere, DJ pulls a gun, shoots the clerk, calls out “DON’T BE A HERO” to everyone else (who comply) and starts randomly smashing and grabbing items out of cases, also shooting the sales terminal, a camera, and the door lock on the way out. He then gives a mocking hat tip to a startled passerby before heading back to the Range Rover and heading back down towards Neon City.

With only a short while left on the surveillance clock, the team hopes the chaos is almost over, and calls Sully to get some info on DJ, hearing that he apparently recently acquired some high-end skillwires to help his career, which should be well outside his budget. They wonder who paid for this, and start to get worried it could be Horizon and DJ’s ‘ware setup sounds not dissimilar to Heat’s. He emerges once more in a masc look, and heads into a high-end sex club called Brilliantz! above a jewelry shop, engaging in much debauchery for about 45 minutes. he exits, heads back to the Range Rover, and gets dropped back off at his apartment wearing the clothes he started the day in, looking a bit tired but otherwise not significantly worse for wear.

The team sends their final report and gets paid, and starts trying to figure out what just happened as more and more news stories break, blaming the corp reps for the recent chaos. The one strong response initially comes from Dulsoon and Nagato, who provide evidence of her presence elsewhere, suggesting her involvement has been faked in some way- it seems she took some precautions based on her own suspicions. The rest of the reps aren’t as lucky- though some of them also try the “it wasn’t me!” defense, their corps seemingly recognize the bad PR and generally disavow or at least refuse to defend. An effective demo of the tech’s potential indeed- there’s no way one man could run that many ’soft’s at once, so there must be some element of brain programming involved as well!

They agree to call Piper, and go back and forth a bit on what they know, trying to stay pro while also tipping her off. As she’s already digging into this all, she’s happy to play along, and Echo figures out some clever ways to point her in the right direction- asking for footage submissions etc. The team also spots a woman in a series of disguises at most of the scenes, who also seems to be following either them or DJ. Otters spots that she is the same size and build as DJ, and realizes the would likely have comfortable fit in the various outfits as well- could she have been a backup in case the team or someone else interfered or someone stopped DJ? They tip Piper to her presence as well, and then rest for a while, except Ruxpin, who took Long Haul to stay up for the job, and who checks in with Brinkvale looking for security work before instead going over to have a workout and sex sess with Nazira at the Spinrad HQ building, following up on her invite. He keeps his bear form secret, for now….

They meet up with Piper the next day, and go over the footage- she’s managed to get some unedited footage of DJ submitted, but says it was only from people who hadn’t posted it elsewhere- anyone who uploaded or shared their stuff has been finding it edited, including on their personal devices. Piper hints about the Null Sect potentially being involved, and they have a slant-wise convo, checking in about their various levels of knowledge. After confirming they all know the risks, they all agree to lay low for a bit in case Piper’s digging has attracted any attention, and Piper confirms that the Null would not take kindly to her as a Monad, and mentions some disturbing disappearances recently in that community. The team takes the boat out and turns off comms for a day, sailing nervously around while waiting for trouble.

Luckily nothing happens, and they return to their berth, and make contact with Piper. She also seems fine, and says that she’s been in touch with Kim Dulsoon, who’s offering funding and favors from the Nagato Combine to clear her name. As part of this, Piper has a tip as to where the Ardrin twins, who ran the tech demo, are staying while in town. The team agrees to the job and negotiates for pay, with Piper acting as the middleman, and gets the security details on the building from Nagato. They are to either extract the twins or interrogate them on-site, up to the team, but should expect some serious security. Based on what they can find out, they can figure out next steps, and try to get to the bottom of who’s behind this and what exactly they are up to….

Fashion Mysteries Continue
3/3/2025, 12:35:24 PM
Runners
Otters aka Roadkill
Echo
Ruxpin
Bug

The team races over to Central Park, following up on Eager’s lead. Aradia accompanies them, but tells them she’ll likely split off to continue her investigation of the Merlin Hawks in the Park after they see what’s going on. Heat has already headed out on his mini-tour to retrieve the sub and build up his regional music rep to get better shows in NYC. The team catches a VTOL air cab from the top of Terminal Station, and as they headed out before the morning rush, arrive quickly at a well-maintained landing pad in the park, subtly overseen by Shiawase security drones and sensors. They meet their on the ground contact, a North African/Irish woman named Piper Jinx, who is noticeably slim and is hungrily consuming a large sandwich as they touch down and disembark from the VTOL.

She approaches, introduces herself to them, and says they better hurry- she paid off some joggers who had initially spotted the oddness, after seeing some social media posts and getting over here herself. She takes the team over to the Alice In Wonderland statue/play area, where they find 3 confused individuals in medical gowns seemingly partaking in a mock tea party with the statues. Echo carefully inserts themself into their delusional play, and starts trying to slowly bring them back to reality. Otters observes while doing some medical checks, and they quickly confirm that one of the women in this group is Becky Wu Ping, their missing Mrs. J from the last job. She’s a bit dirty and her hair has been cut close to the scalp but other than the obvious mental issues she seems unharmed.

Otters can tell they are coming up from a common medical-grade sedative, but they also seem to be under some sort of psychoactive effect that she can’t ID, as she didn’t bring proper medial or chemistry gear with her. With Echo corralling these 3, Bug keeps an eye out for trouble, while Ruxpin tracks down a lone Elf man who seems to have a grating inferiority complex, which Ruxpin accommodates, though it puts him into a very uncomfortable leader-like position. Otters heads over to another lone man, an Ork, who seems to be engaging in some puppy play, and uses her animal handling skills to get him to cooperate on an improvised leash made from Bug’s whip. Aradia assenses all the “patients”, and finds that they seem broadly to be in good health, though some have recently had some ’ware ripped out- the inferior elf in particular has lost a lot. Weirdly one of the tea partiers is still stuffed with ’ware, though his comms are missing, and based on a quick matrix scan, someone has thoroughly scrubbed all the ID info from his internals.

Bug spots a 6th lone woman, this time scared Valkyrie, huddling amidst some carved statues in a nearby fountain, seemingly believing there is fire all around her and the spraying water is all that keeps her safe. Aradia manages to use an illusion of a water tunnel to get her to emerge, as Piper guides everyone towards the edge of the park, where she has a contact waiting with a short transport bus to move everyone. Aradia uses her Fashion spell to make disguises for the 6 patients, including a furry costume for the “puppy”, to help distract from them all leaving, as Piper continues bribing people who stumble across them to look the other way. The only sensible tip they’ve gotten from the patients is that they were drugged and transported here in a cargo van before being dumped. Bug finds some traces of the van nearby, but they seem to have covered their tracks surprisingly well, and likely must have either used tech or magical camo to slip past all the Shiawase sensors into this “vehicle-prohibited” area. With the cops finally on the way and Piper running out of bribery funds, they get out of there.

They load the 6 disguised patients onto the bus, and are introduced to the driver, a professorial type named Brinkvale. He chats with them enough to convince them he isn’t a total creep at least, and gets them to help administer some more light sedatives to the patients while he drives to his safehouse/lab, on the Lower East Side. He pulls up to a building straddling the edge of the redevelopment and Z-zones in the district, and the team spots some Sprawl Scouts helping keep watch during their arrival as they load the patients in through a side door to the freight elevator. They’ve agreed to wait to talk further until they get inside. Once in Brinkvale’s multi-unit clinic/lab/safehouse, they get the lowdown- he’s a former NYU biomedical researcher, specialized in using VR environments for therapeutic purposes. He repeatedly corrects them when they call his therapy chips “BTL’s”, but it seems a matter of degrees and not a major distinction except in intent.

He left academia due to feeling there were too many strictures on experimental treatments, and started up his street clinic, where he tries to provide some care for the down-trodden, runners, street workers, etc- people who fall through the cracks of traditional mental health structures. He also sells his therapy chips to fund the operation, and after some internal discord, Otters reveals her “No Regrets” chip after Brinkvale promises not to touch it. He recoils, horrified that someone would run one of the chips for as long as Otters has, and tries to suggest that she seek actual solutions to her problems instead of masking them, which devolves into a convo about her strange relationship with Heat and some team dynamics stuff. For now, Otters insists that she needs the chip, and Brinkvale backs off, with the offer of future assistance.

More disturbingly, their medical analysis has revealed that all 6 patients bear a small mark- a circle inside a square inside a triangle inside a circle- which is the rough size and shape of Otters’ burn mark, as well as the burn marks seen on Peregrine and Niki The Gardener after they lost memories. Otters has a slight panic, and then after confirming their opsec and adding some additional jamming, they share some info on what they know of the ANIMUS project with Piper (who is eating the whole time, and seems frequently ravenous) and Brinkvale. Those two then confer, and reveal that they themselves are looking into missing people and missing memories as well, and that they had gotten a tip-off to something called the LAZARUS Project, which may be affiliated with a mysterious entity called “Anima Construction.” Since the two investigations seem parallel, they agree to work together for now.

Otters runs this by Fargus Sol, who approves it, and requests updates on their progress, and says he will look into the strange marking more as well. The team reiterates the danger, and Piper reveals that she survived the Boston Lockdown and can take of herself- she seems to be seeking another big story break of a similar quality, having been one of the first reporters to escape the Lockdown and get word out about what was happening behind the walls. Brinkvale just seems interested in the science and mystery of it all, but agrees to be cautious, and explains that all his tech is air-gapped and offline for a reason. The team gives him Gu Guanyu’s contact info, to call about Becky Wu Ping, as Brinkvale is reluctant to hand any of the patients over to their corp masters without knowing how to cure them, afraid they will disappear into corp black labs if he does so.

They also make arrangements to contact the family of one of the woman, who works for a non-profit, and Piper says she’ll call in some favors to ID the two people they can’t ID, likely runners. The Valkyrie is a local known to Brinkvale from his outreach work, so he offers to take care of her himself, along with any of the others who don’t have a safe harbor. The team heads out and rests up, with Otters finally receiving an invite to the Control street racing circuit. She spends most of the next day building out a car that fits this seasons “all manual” parameters, and getting ready for the next race. Piper and Brinkvale get in touch, saying that they ID’ed the two runners- the inferior Elf with the ripped tech is a decker named Vernon Gold, an out-of-towner working a contract who vanished on the job. The tea partier with the mostly intact ’ware is Hipscotch, a street sam who freelances around town, without a regular crew.

They also got some intel that they unfortunately missed a tech demo of some sort that may be related to Anima Construction and Project LAZARINE MENDICANT, but Piper says she managed to get some footage from the event, if the team wants to come review it with her. They agree, and head to her office in Neon City, and find her once again eating, and happy to see that Echo brought Taco Temple to share. Echo casually confronts her about her need for food, with Otters using mana drops to confirm she isn’t a bug or other possession/inhabitation spirit. She reveals that she is a Monad without directly saying it, and Echo lets it drop after her assurances that she just has.a high metabolism in a non-threatening way. It occurs to the team based on the team file that anyone with the Boston strain might need to consume a lot of metahuman standard nutrients to maintain both their nanites and their flesh, as they review evidence of Shamblers and Ragers gradually becoming more metallic the longer they survived.

They also confer over some notes about another Project LAZARUS they’ve heard of- this one an Ordo Maximus venture to use cybermancy to achieve effective immortality. It seems likely the two are not connected, though they keep it in the back of their minds. Piper has them review the footage first and then share their thoughts with her, not wanting to bias them with her perceptions of it. They watch as 12 people, who they gradually ID as mid-level MDC corp managers, all arrive at a fancy private party, seemingly midway up the Villiers tower, now a mixed-used building after NeoNET’s collapse. They are attended to by 2 dozen JoyToys of various genders and metatypes, who also provide party favors of every flavor imaginable. Two of the 12 corpos seem to be the ones filming, and the team is eventually able to ID the two filmers from the group, as well as ID-ing the other 10. After a while, 2 obvious twins with heavily urbane Eurozone accents ascend a small central stage.

They give a frustratingly vague pitch about this LAZARINE MENDICANT tech, which they promise can use a BTL-like tech to make perfect sleeper agents, who won’t even remember the actions they take while “skipping”. However, they offer no specs, data, or actual demo, and the guests seems let down and frustrated by this as well, though the fact that the twins are asking for the bidding to start at 1 billion nuyen also suggests they weren’t actually expecting to sell it at this event, since none of the corpos present would have access to that level of funds without approval. So the team assumes either this is meant to just whet their appetites as they report back to their corps, or they are playing some other game with the attendees. The Nagato Combine rep present, Kim Dulsoon, seems to have the same thought, and quickly exits the meeting after the twins leave to some light jeers, telling the assembled guest to enjoy the entertainment and think about their pitch, with the suite reserved for their use overnight.

The team can see that as well as the 2 guests secretly recording, the JoyToys all are wearing mobile SimRig harnesses, to “enhance” whatever fantasies or activities the guests wish to engage in. With what they are able to see on these two feeds, Piper sells some good dirt to Swen Rellik and pays the team out of the return, holding onto a few pieces of footage that might be useful blackmail some day. She tells the team she’ll dig into this further and get back to them with any leads, but they all leave the meeting feeling like they’re still missing some pieces here- something is going on and they don’t yet know what. But it does seem like they are finally on the trail of the mysterious ANIMUS, so Otters is feeling jazzed. They rest for the night, and the next day get called into Spinrad’s local HQ by Hadrian Williams-Lee again.

He tells them that the doctors here are trying to repair Becky Wu Ping’s memories, but haven’t yet had a lot of luck, aside from some brief flashes of recognition around Gu Guanyu when they arrived in town. Hadrian wants the team to help figure out how to bring her memory back, as apparently the designs for the exclusive gown she was working on were on her person/in her head and lost when she was kidnapped. The team can tell that Hadrian cares a lot more about the garment than the woman, but since she will also benefit from this, they agree to go along with it. He first takes them to meet her assistants at the on-site branch of White Clouds, and they get a feel for her design process, her past work, her general vibe and attitude, and the feelings she was going for with the new gown. They also put together that this gown is meant to be worn by CEO Gabrielle Al’Thani Spinrad to the upcoming Met(a) Gala, explaining the urgency of retrieving it, as well as their previous jobs.

They next meet with Gu, who seems quite worried, but after the team shoves Hadrian out into the hall and they reveal that they were the ones who retrieved Becky and are invested in her well-being, Gu pulls it together a bit, especially after the team promises to keep them involved. As a non-Spinrad citizen, they are a bit out of the loop, though everyone has been accommodating enough, and Gu seems to hope to be making the transition to Spinrad soon, whether via full acquisition of their tech design firm, or through a willing extraction, in order to be nearer Becky in the longterm. Gu explains that Becky was quite excited about the garment, but also nervous, and so was sending semi-regular data backups to Gu, after the team promises not to reveal this to Spinrad corpsec.

Gu shares these files (sadly a few days out of date, but still), and also explains that they had helped Becky develop a proprietary smart fabric that can learn and respond to a wearer’s skin, as well as having color-, shape- and light-changing properties. They brought a sample with them, which is just as well, since Becky’s stock of the material went missing alongside her. Gu gives them the sample, and says that they will collate and collect all their memories and notes about the design from their convos with Becky as Echo starts to forumlate a plan to wake her up from her mental stupor. They next head up to the top of the tower, with Hadrian getting visibly nervous for their next task. From Gu’s notes, they know that Becky had a long list of specific measurements she needed from Gabrielle, but she hadn’t updated Gu after taking them, the day before she hired the team and vanished.

So, they head to re-measure the CEO, and they enter her to find her wearing an opaque bodysuit under a loose house-robe, with the recreated machinery to run the algo they stole from the gallery set up in the center of the lounge area. Gabrielle quickly sends Hadrian to man the bar and serve drinks, which he seems thrilled to do, delighted that the CEO even briefly knew his name, though he gets a disapproving glance from Gabrielle’s impressively muscular bodyguard, Nazira, who quickly and efficiently searches and disarms the team. She seems to view this as a failure on Hadrian’s part to have not done this on entry to the building, though Gabrielle seems less concerned. Ruxpin admires Nazira’s musculature and gets a lengthy up-down look in return, seemingly approving. Bug tries to not get noticed while Otters and Echo run the equipment, with Echo mostly engaging in diplomatic patter with Gabrielle to keep her still and focused.

The team is quite impressed by Echo’s smooth handling of this potentially dangerous situation, and Otters gets the thorough scan they need, though she also notices something scary she decides not to bring up out loud. She texts the team- Gabrielle also has a healed burn scar of the same size! They send some frantic messages back and forth- could she be a victim of ANIMUS as well? Could she have done it to herself to make it impossible for anyone to prove her involvement in Johnny’s death? Or is the whole thing some kind of exterior conspiracy? Not wanting to attract suspicion in the moment, they don’t bring it up, with Echo smoothly pattering about data security and industrial sabotage to suggest that all design doc’s be kept firmly offline from now on, which Nazira agrees to as sensible. The team is concerned that since Becky used the smart fabric to “scan” Gabrielle’s skin during the last measuring session, she may have inadvertently gotten a scan of the small healed scar, and that if she posted that on any kind of open channel, and anyone was watching for it, this may have been what lead to her kidnapping and memory erasure…. and they don’t want to meet the same fat. Or, in Otters’ case, meet it again.

With the meeting concluded, they head back down to meet with Gu and Becky’s medical team, and Ruxpin gets an offer to train together later in the Spinrad gym from Nazira, which he accepts. Echo puts their plan into motion, talking to Becky about all they’ve learned, but consistently intentionally making wrong choices about design, fit, intention, etc. This, miraculously, seems to work- they gradually draw Becky into making corrections to the fashion elements first, which seem to awaken other memories in her, and by the time the team leaves, she is back to knowing who she is and recognizing Gu, though still a long way from fully recovered. The doctors refer to this as a remarkable feat of Mnemonic Reintegration, and seem excited about the breakthrough.

Hadrian is also thrilled, and says he looks forward to working with them again, as the team’s successes seem to have been helping him rise through the ranks in a way he was unable to on his own. He tells them he owes them a personal favor and then quickly ushers them out of the building, not seeking friendship it seems. The team head back to the safehouse, pondering what all this means, and erasing all of their data about the mark they found on Gabrielle- they want to make sure that info doesn’t leak, as it will likely prove to be quite valuable and dangerous to know.

Fashion Gigs
2/24/2025, 11:13:13 AM
Runners
Otters aka Roadkill
Heat
Aradia
Echo
Ruxpin
Bug

Echo calls in another Grey Cell favor to keep the team’s shipping container full of illicit equipment moving around the Southside port for a bit longer, while Otters pays a premium through Nichols’ contacts to get a customized mini-yacht “houseboat” delivered quickly. She pilots it over from the shipyard after the team christens it the “CTRL Salt Delete”, and they all meet up in the Southside port and sneak their gear over onto in it’s shipping packaging to prevent anyone getting spooked by a large collection of weapons and armor. They sail back over to the dock in Battery City and moor at the spot that Abyssa assigned to them. With that settled, they head back to Terminal and approach Bar Nowhere, to meet the Johnson for the next job.

On the way, Echo spots some simplified but carefully done butterfly graffiti, and they all wonder if this has any relation to the strange bodyguard they met on the previous job. As they’re on the clock, they move on for now. They head up to the 14th floor rooftop bar and meet a slightly nervous Mrs. J, who tells them she has a 2-part job for them related to the Met(A) Gala, coming up in a few months time. The team gets her talking about fashion a bit, where she seems a lot more comfortable, and ID’s her as Becky Wu Ping, the recently promoted VP and head designer at a Hong Kong-based fashion line called White Clouds, which was acquired by SpinGlobal a short time back.

As part of the pay, she agrees to give them each a short fashion consult, and to prove her bona fides gives some hot tips to Otters on small mods she could make to her dress to bring it up to high fashion standards from merely “nice”. After they sort out the pay (another cheap but quick gig), they get the deets, and head out to start looking into it all. Aradia quickly does the suggested adjustments to Otters’ garments using the Fashion spell, and the team is appropriately impressed by Wu Ping’s suggestions. They get Sully to take them up to the office of another designer they need to spy on, and do some initial recon, mostly via Aradia in astral form.

Luckily, she Masked her aura before entering/manifesting, as the design studio on the Upper West Side seems to have some passive mana security using leech bands and the like to trigger a Quicksilver Camera. She looks around, and gets a few ideas about what Alayna Gale, a trans Troll fashionista, might be working on for her annual Met(a) Gala big reveal, but it seems like she’s keeping proprietary material close to hand, though Aradia does get to see some of her other designs and is appropriately impressed by her vision and talent. They take off before any additional security can arrive, with Aradia once again considering her need to acquire Flexible Signature next time she initiates.

Next, they get Sully to drive them to the Lincoln Center, where a K-Pop concert is just letting out, disgorging a massive crowd of teens to a fenced parking lot where harried parents are trying to collect their chaperoned group to exit through the security checkpoints. Running a quick con, Echo buys some merch from a street vendor, and Bug dresses up as a fan, using their small stature and childlike appearance to act the part. Echo convinces one of the guards to let them slip back inside the fence as “they lost an important item” inside, and then they slip through the crowd to the venue itself. There, Echo distracts one of the guards on the doors who are busily ushering out the final attendees as stage crews start the turnover inside the space. Bug uses the distraction to slip inside, and finds a closed and gate-locked merch booth to hide in for the moment.

With that settled, Echo slips back out, blagging their way past security again, and the team has Sully take them back to the safehouse to sleep. Bug waits til the major stage changes etc are made for the next night’s runway show, and then after the crew goes home, they wander the halls and back areas a bit, getting a feel for the layout and careful to stay off cameras (which seem focused on “critical;” areas and easy enough to avoid), as well as getting a look at the safes in the various dressing rooms. He then hides under the stage, since it’s already been repositioned into the runway configuration. Early in the morning, he wakes to the sound of more crew setting up the smaller elements for the evening, and Otters slips a fly-spy in alongside them.

Scouting out the green room area that Bug found, Otters eventually spots a PA labeling Gale’s door with her name, and the drone and Bug slip inside, with Bug taking a page from Creep’s book to get up in a couch instead of just under it. They wait as the room fills with hair, makeup, outfits, and other assistants. The rest of the team take public transit up to Harlem to visit the Kente Royal Gallery for the other part of the job. They try out the interactive exhibit, which is actually quite cool- it combines scans of users with info from their socials, ancestry databases etc, to present them different historical looks from throughout their ancestry, focused on the African diaspora, but seemingly working on everyone (including Ruxpin). Based on this, it seems like the algorithm behind it is as powerful and unique as advertised and the Gallery also seems to have access to legal SIN databases at a minimum.

They do a little digging, and find that Horizon has put a decent amount of money into this place over the last few years, explaining it’s high end security, but seems to have done so as a cultural initiative/PR move rather than buying it outright. They take thorough scans visually and on the matrix of the complex AR projector and scanner system, but it all seems to be replicate-able tech, so they plan to only steal the device running the algo. To make their plan work, Heat start using Resonance illusions to make the projections less accurate, though not offensively so- just blandly wrong and not very interesting. With people becoming dissatisfied, including Ruxpin on his second use, Heat runs a “man in the middle” hack and intercepts the gallerist’s call to the artist collective that built the thing.

Posing as a member of the Collective, Echo is a bit rude while also promising to get someone out “sometime” to tweak the algo again, managing to play up that it was less ready for it’s debut than previously advertised. With all of this primed, Heat shows up as the repair guy, having coded a program that will do a generic version of the one they are stealing for long enough to make good their escape at least. He lockpicks the server stack case, and swaps out the proprietary algo server for a cheap comm running his program. Slipping the server into his leg smuggling compartment, he heads out, and calls in a favor with Horizon to keep his SIN from getting burnt in relation to this.

The team all leave via public transit, while back the Lincoln Center, Gale and her entourage finally arrive. Bug manages to crawl far enough up into the couch to avoid the security sweep, and Otters sees the code Gale inputs into the safe to secure her small clutch. Once they all leave for the event itself, with one PA left in the room, Bug carefully crawls out, with Otters turning on a trid screen in the opposite corner to distract the PA. Bug gets the safe open, and then quickly scans and copies images from a small notebook filled with sketches and musings. He then lockpicks a data drive, and plugs in a data tap to the end. Heat accesses it, and instantly trips some security failsafes.

As the device starts smoking and glitching, Heat manages to get a little bit of data on a second attempt, but the PA notices the sparking and smoking, and Otters hears the sound of security headed to their position from outside. Yelling “hot potato!” Bug tosses the sparking drive at the startled PA and rushes past them out the door, quickly leaping up the wall and clambering into the drop ceiling in the hallway as Otters zips the drone away, seeing venue and Evo security both converging on the room, and hearing the sounds of them tackling the PA as they try to explain that a small hairy man was in the room….

Bug and Otters both manage to sneak out in the chaos, and Heat does his best to reassemble the file bits he was able to get after recovering from the dumpshock of the device shutting down while he was inside. The team all reconvenes and calls Mrs. J, but confusingly a man answers instead, introducing himself as Hadrian Williams-Lee. They run a quick check, and confirm he’ s a local low-level SpinGlobal fixer, and he doesn’t seem to know anything about why Wu Ping is absent from the job and he is now on it, covering for this by saying it is above the runner’s pay grade.

He seems disappointed that they didn’t fully succeed in the job, since Gale will certainly know that someone got at least a partial look at her design, and thus will surely change it up to some degree. He says he will pull some strings to make it look like the PA was one someone’s payroll to sow some distrust there and offer one possible explanation for who was behind it, salvaging what he can. Regardless, he seems to calculate that he can benefit from treating the team well, while shuffling blame onto the absent Wu Ping for the mild failure, so he gives them full pay and says he’ll be in touch with more work soon. He seems like a bit of a climber, and comes from old NYC money, so they are surprised he’s in as low a position as he is, though his manner leaves something to be desired.

With the job paid, Heat starts making plans to book some shows along the Great Lakes chain and go retrieve the sub, as well as angling for some NYC gigs to invite Abyssa to, though it seems like a hard town to break into, and he’ll need to initially play for exposure a bit. The team also researches Wu Ping, and can’t find any sign of her- she’s still listed on White Clouds etc, but no evidence of either her actual presence or her absence. Heat eventually does track down her fiance, a nonbinary technologist from Hong Kong named Gu Guanyu. Echo initially plans to contact Gu, and starts scheming on how best to do so, possibly utilizing the Rat Queen. However, as Heat digs further, it seems that Gu is having their posts deleted while they seek info on Wu Ping, which seems dangerous, so they hold for the moment, and call Eager.

Eager says he just received the usual “job done” text from the number Wu Ping had used to engage his services, and seems surprised that Wu Ping is missing. He puts them on hold briefly, and then gets back on the line, saying that if they can hustle up to Central Park, he might have a lead- some number of strange individuals were just spotted there before sunrise came up by joggers and the like, and a reporter contact of Eager’s, Piper Jinx, is on scene looking into it, and requested some freelancer assistance. He warns them it probably won’t pay much, but says one of the strange people is a mid-40’s Asian woman, matching Wu Ping’s (very) general physical description as well. The team activates and prepares to race up to Central Park to continue their investigation!

Aradia also puts in an order for a high level Agent and a low level RCC to run it on by calling in a favor with the Nexus, wanting a personal search assistant. Heat stay behind, still healing from dumpshock and excited about his tour prospects.

Screamsheets Schemes and Scams
2/17/2025, 1:33:02 PM
Runners
Otters aka Roadkill
Heat
Aradia
Echo
Ruxpin
Bug

Otters, having checked over and secured the team’s gear in the Southside port for now, decides she needs to make some local skimmer/smuggler connections before figuring out where and how to move it about. She heads up to Washington Heights, to Tough Tony’s. the mafia-run speakeasy that Cat had given them the password to, though that meeting isn’t for a bit still. She dresses up for the occasion, having gotten the vibe that it’s a kind of throwback joint- lots of old flatvid posters up in fancy frames, playing on black and white screens etc. She makes connections with a local skimmer, Nichols, and gets into a dense discussion of gear and techniques, showing off a bit with her recent fanboat adventures in the bayou. She also makes the acquaintance of a human-passing Ghoul, Eduard Cabrera, who seems to likely be affiliated with the Rat Pack- an Underground smuggling group.

After chatting them up for a while, and spreading the word that she wants an invite to the illicit street races run by Control, she calls in a favor with Cat and gets the backroom password as well, heading back there to find that this is where the mafia sells illegal or restricted goods, drugs, weapons, etc. There is also a terminal for the Technicolor Wings smuggling org, for courier drops and pickups, and a very dapper older man playing pool. He makes Otters feels a bit under-dressed, and they banter a bit, after which he passes along his contact info, he is one Paul Jones, a personal touch smuggler who specializes on using his connections to get things in and out of office and corp facilities around the island.

He also gives Otters a tip to a useful info broker who vends out of a food cart in the business districts of town. Otters add her name with a description of her skills to the “available for work” boards in the backroom and heads out. Aradia meanwhile, has headed up to Harlem to scout out a potential additional safehouse for herself, and also get a feel for the neighborhood, and gets some useful intel on the local political radical/anti-corp resistance movements, such as they are. She then meets up with most of the rest of the crew at Club Interrobang, off Central Park, though Heat arrived a bit early. Echo also decided to take themselves out for the night, taking the first steps on an exploration of the wide culinary options of this global metropolis.

When arriving back at the Terminal safehouse, Echo finds Eager in the process of brushing off what looks to be a young, wannabe runner, and introduces themself. The youngster calls themself Silver Nail and seems impressed to be talking to a real runner, and tries to play up his magical skills, but Echo is mostly a bit distracted by his distressingly accurate Mask spell, making him look like a full-on anime character- massive eyes, huge spiky hair, etc. Echo suggests a subtler approach, but Silver Nail says that he’s careful to keep his runner ID separate from his IRL ID, and that this disguise is a part of that, and also easy to drop to lose pursuit. He leaves a number for Echo to call for future work opportunities, and Echo and Eager chat a bit about how he seems harmless but thirsty, and speculate at the likely wealth of his parents.

They share some wine as per Echo’s preference before Eager makes a subtly getaway ahead of the arrival of some local gangers, and Echo calls it a night. Heat, having arrived early at the club, heads in by proving his TM abilities, and looks around for Abyssa. Not seeing her there, he heads over to the more digital area of the club and spends some time socializing there, where his AR-heavy costume plays better than in some other areas. Aradia, having checked out the club’s vibe, uses her magic to make herself, Bug and Ruxpin all look roughly the same- grey outfits with a splash of color to go with the monochromatic look of the club. They head in, with Bug (obviously a Changeling) allowed straight through, Ruxpin let in by a ‘Shifter bouncer who seems to recognize him, and Aradia having to talk her way in, with the bouncer luckily not wanting to break up the group’s cool shared look as well.

Once inside, they find Heat and drink and socialize for a while- Aradia picks up that a syndicate looks to be running the flesh trade here, but can’t figure which one, and Bug spots both some anti-corp graffiti and some pro-corp messaging, especially from his former employers Evo, who are as usual presenting themselves as the “friendly to all the weirdos” corp. Ruxpin is mostly just completely overwhelmed and sticks close to Aradia, though he does try out the new AR game from Spinrad, Portal Shooter, until some of the rest of the team talk him out of it as he seems like he could easily get addicted. After a while, Abyssa swans in to the club through some private entrance with her entourage in tow, and heads immediately to the dance floor, where she turns a lot of heads with her impressive performance.

Heat, wanting to make a major impression dances his way over to her, also impressing the crowd with his lightning speed moves, and they end up in a dance off, with Heat barely squeaking out a victory. Abyssa is furious, however, and storms off, though she does message Heat the address of a mooring slot in Battery City that the team can use for their future safehouseboat. Heat messages back attempting to continue his nascent and perhaps doomed courtship about how they’d look even better dancing together, and Abyssa responds saltily that since she performed the team a service she will expect them to do the same for her upon her request. Heat takes this as a win for now, and the team calls it a night, having made a few connections and gotten tips to different hot clubs around town.

The next day, Eager tips them to another job- a quick datasteal and swap for a mid-range info broker named Swen Rellik who sells a lot to the screamsheets. They meet him up in Central Park, and most of the team is instantly distracted by his laconic, older bodyguard, a human man stuffed with what looks like decades-old ‘ware. He’s carefully sketching the flight paths of a butterfly while also composing poetry about it in a small notebook, and drinking what smells like high-end tea from a dented thermos. Based on his economy of motion and general vibe, the team decides he must be incredibly dangerous and Ruxpin keeps an eye on him.

Rellik gives them the briefing- a celebrity trid star has remarkably, possibly unnaturally, beautiful skin, and Rellik has a tip as to where to find out her beauty regimen, which is in high demand. A local biocorp has an initiative called Project: Renewal, and Swen wants them to access their server, steal all the data, and replace it with some other data he will provide them. They negotiate a fee, and he gives them some security details for the biocorp. As it’s nearby, they walk over and scout it out. No major magical security, with one warded area, single floor of a short shared-use park-facing office building. The heavier physical security is at night (3 patrolling drones) and even they use non-lethal, but checking out the matrix, Heat is pretty confident he can just hack it.

Echo heads into the building lobby and blags their way up to the corp’s receptionist in a small foyer, where they manage to keep a convo going hinting at a rich client who’s interested in their products, while subtly touching a desk terminal, using their new magical matrix abilities to grant Heat access to the system. Heat hacks into the corp node, and finds that this is one of the newer, non-Foundation nested hosts. He hacks into their data host, and finds it patrolled, oddly, by 2 Patrol IC, whose patterns occasionally overlap. Regardless, they don’t respond to him, so he continues, though he warns the team that something might be up. Outside, they also take a look around, and notice that there are around 8 people doing subtle surveillance on the building, though they don’t seem to be watching the team themselves.

With this info, Heat decides to take a look at the data, after Bug suggests this may be worth doing. He takes a quick look through the data they are meant to plant, and find that it suggests that Project Renewal uses a combination of CFD/Monad tech development and wimp cloning to provide constant fresh bodies to it’s clients whenever needed, with full personality transfer included. Having done a little research and found out that this is an AZT subsid, this seems like conspiracy theory stuff that will play well when revealed. He hacks in and grabs the real data, swapping in the fake, and noticing that both packets are exactly the same size.

However, he doesn’t have time to examine the stolen data, as an alarm immediately goes off in the matrix and some combat IC starts launching, with the Patrol IC headed his way. He gets out of there, and warns Echo to do the same. They exit their chat with the receptionist by promising to have their mysterious client get in touch, and hurry out of the building, slipping through a gap that Otters spotted in the surveillance by the 8 assorted people scattered around outside “stretching”, “eating”, “reading” etc. Oddly, Echo feels that they almost purposefully don’t notice them as they slip past. Once Echo is out, Otters (via Morticia) sees the 3 defense drones deploy from the rear of the building as the 8 people who were doing surveillance are entering.

With some quick thinking, Bug figures out to head into Shiawase- controlled Central Park to hopefully make a jurisdictional problem for the pursuing drones, and the team variously sneaks or runs in, with Ruxpin scooping Echo up under his arm and dashing through traffic into the park. The drones fire silenced non-lethal weapons at the fleeing team, but looking at Moriticia’s footage again, it looks like they were intentionally just missing, almost as if in an effort to chase the team off and look like they were attempting to do damage without actually doing any. They return to Swen and Echo confronts him about all the suspicious oddness- he explains he doesn’t know anything about that, but offers to look into it more, and seems to be telling the truth.

Heat takes a look at the stolen data, and sees that it is actually the exact same data as the stuff they planted, adding to the confusion. They pass it over and get paid, and have a brief chat about local wildlife with the bodyguard, Choji, after Aradia has to turn off all her spells to stop being followed by some Awakended Merlin Hawks, which she plans to look more into later as Otters tells her they are quite rare and have not been well-studied. Choji seems very interested in the efficient yet beautiful movement of animals, and impresses the team again with his careful and considered control of his body. Swen, feeling a little bad about the strangeness of it all, tells them he’ll scare them up some more work via his contacts and offers to buy any screamsheet-worthy paydata they come across in future.

The team take their leave and rest up, seeing the story breaking in the screamsheets as they head to bed and all over the place by the next morning. Project Renewal is described in great detail based on the stolen data the team handed over, but AZT provides a denial with proof they were hacked and had false data planted, which they demonstrate is the same info that was “leaked”. This all seems very confusing, until the team talks it through and has a few revelations, supported by Swen calling to make sure they put it all together. AZT has managed somewhat of a PR coup- anyone who wants this service now knows where to seek it, while they can still publicly deny any involvement in creepy clone and CFD manipulation, since they appear to be the likely hirer as well as target for this gig.

Echo has a distressing second thought, that this may be an even deeper cover- the team knows AZT has been making major alchemical breakthroughs, between their research in Carcean, and their tumultuous alliance with Dis, so leaking info about Renewal may also be a great cover for even creepier programs that they REALLY don’t want to get out there, and they’ve muddied the waters so much at this point that it would be hard to prove what was objective truth. The team is a little impressed, and feels that once again they have learned some new things about the “pro” style of running that NYC offers. They get ahold of Aradia’s old Chicago contact Hotkey, and chat mostly with his with Aanka, getting some intel about the state of Queen’s and the outer boroughs.

They also make arrangements to rent a small garage in Astoria, where it should be easy to conceal their comings and goings and occasional strange appearances amidst the large trid production industry in the area. Aanka also seems tuned into the political and anti-corp activity in town, which Bug specifically is interested in, and they share some updates on Shadow Chapters here and elsewhere, with Aanka giving some useful warnings about what to watch out for in Manhattan specifically. They also get the name of the two local chapter leaders, and effective confirmation that Horizon has it’s fingers all the way on this chapter, seemingly along with SK, though to a lesser degree.

With that, they prepare to head out to another meeting Eager has set with them- a potential Johnson was impressed with their fashion at Club Interrobang and want to discuss a job, suggesting they meet that evening at Nowhere, a new up-and-coming fashionista hang spot in Terminal. They agree, and spend the day til then boat shopping, in preparation to make use of their mooring and get the sub moved out from Chicago.

Bright Lights Big City
2/10/2025, 11:37:14 AM
Runners
Heat
Aradia
Echo
Ruxpin
Bug

The team chills in Baton Rouge for a little bit, before deciding to get moving when they notice that rumors of their anti-ARES activities are spreading a bit, after some of the team played them up at the Equity party post-swamp-mission. Aradia makes some calls to Denver contacts, and gets a new Shiawase contact for NYC, along with arranging for Arcane to make contact with Lothan the Wise and other Chicago allies to warn of the strange Fae dancing sickness that the team had encountered deep in the FRFZ mountains. The team discusses goals and tactics for NYC, and reads up on various shadow-board briefings on the city. Aradia makes a case that they should go even more pro/less collateral, feeling somewhat effected by having possibly left a large number of ARES scientists buried in rubble for gators to hunt.

They agree to default to non-lethal unless the mission calls for other options, and to not use explosives unless necessary, as well as generally making an effort to avoid both notice and collateral. realizing that they were behind on their info payments to Horizon to keep their rep managed, they report that ARES is working on new ALPHA merges to Brionna Talbert, and are delighted to see that shortly afterwards, the rumors about their involvement in various anti-ARES activities seem to slow significantly. Worth keeping current, it seems! With Chicago recently on the mind, Heat makes a case for bringing the sub out to NYC from that city, and they do some investigation into how to make that work- it seems a bit more challenging given the well-mapped and surveilled waterways, so their initial plan is to get a safehouse/boat, and park the sub directly under it once they find a secure mooring.

To that end, they call up ChewGum and Dig in Motor City, and give them some intel on the Beautiful Death planar crossing that Aradia discovered in Denver. CG, long-interested, agrees to pass a message along to the Sea Dragon on behalf of the team, and then starts packing to head to Denver himself to investigate further. Dig seems as strange as usual, but still plugging away at cleaning up Detroit’s mana. The team also sees some press releases out of Denver (official and unofficial) about GW seizing MCT properties, and hear there are a lot of jobs in the shadows to explore some of the deeper (trapped) recesses of some of the seized facilities. GW has also sent AZT and MCT packing from the Mile High Realm hyper-planes, and the team is heartened to hear that the MCT exec’s party dome in the Shattered Lands has been destroyed.

GW seems also to have given tacit approval to the ASPS/Veil/ Hearts of Zebulon effort to establish a spirit sanctuary there, and they announce it as a safe haven to any spirits fleeing persecution and/or unwilling service. With that, they decide to start calling up some of the NYC contacts they had been given, and strike gold on the first one, with an enthusiastic elf named Eager, a tall Black man with a rainbow-dyed Afro. He tells them he’s got the perfect gig lined up- his Mr. J is looking for an out of towner team to do a quick turn-around surveillance gig, in exchange for pay and limited CityPasses. Lacking any other way to get legit Passes at the moment, the team agrees to hear more about this, and flies into Hitomi Int’l, the former JFK. Taking public transit from there into Brooklyn, they meet Mr. J at a popular 24-hour donut spot.

Echo, playing up some boorishness to keep him off guard, is able to spot that this Johnson is dressing down for the meet, and though confident in general, is unused to hiring runners. Aradia can tell that his clothes are a high end take on leisure-wear, and Heat manages to Mona Lisa him, ID-ing him as the scion of the wealthy Sutton family, who have been heavily invested in the ongoing fight with redevelopers to keep Harlem Harlem. They can tell this job feels personal to him, but aren’t able to put much else together. With that intel, Heat manages to negotiate to a full upgrade to White CityPasses, allowing them unfettered access, but linked to a specific SIN, so they will have to be a little careful not to burn those ones. MJ Sutton still gives them a little upfront money for job costs, but they forego other pay in exchange for the upgraded passes.

With those in hand, they take the modernized maglev SK-built trains up to Manhattan, seeing that the Passes are thoroughly enforced, initially through passive scans and drones patrols, followed quickly by physical intervention where required. The scanners all seem to be high rating devices, so they are just as glad they appear legit. They make arrangements with Eager, and get off the train in Neon City, meeting him just outside the fortified and guarded entrance into the Terminal district. He proves just as charming in person, and ushers them into Terminal, explaining that as with many Z-Zones, it;s easy to enter and hard to leave. Also, parts of it are under rapid redevelopment, mostly under the aegis of the AGS-based heavy industries corp ZetaImp-Chem. They seems to be plowing through swathes of the neighborhood while under guard from the trigger-happy Winter Systems guards who have the security contract.

The two transit stations are also heavily-policed, in the upper levels, for commuters passing through, but the lower levels tend to be more free-flowing (and dangerous). Eager specifically warns about organlegging and ’ware-jacking, telling them team members not to get caught out alone in the wrong place and find themselves stripped for parts. With that, he shows them to their safehouse (at least for now), a converted 2-bedroom in the Railspur building, which seems to be in a medium rough area under control of the Slaughterhouse gang, but with predominantly working-class tenants. Eager gives them a bit more of a lay of the land and answers some questions, and after confirming their status with various syndicates, makes arrangements for them to acquire mission gear at a few different spots since all their team equipment is still en route via Maersk overland shipping.

Otters heads down to the Southside docks to await the arrival of their shipping container, and the rest of the team head to the local Yak-run pawn shop to stock up. Getting access to the exclusive back room, they luckily find a laser mic, a couple surveillance pens, some gel round light pistols for Heat and Echo and a bullwhip for Bug. Ruxpin decides to go unarmed and rely on bare(bear) strength, and the team also pays the Yak for some forged licenses to get added onto their CityPasses, for weapons and/or magic, as well as a PI license for Aradia for the surveillance gear. They call up the cabbie Sully, whose number Eager passed along for getting around, and who Ruxpin wanted to talk to anyway, and arrange to use his services for the next few days for the duration of the job.

They also get a call back from Abyssa, one of the Sea Dragons brood, who presents as a surly Nocturna teen woman. She seems annoyed to have had helping the team foisted off onto her, but agrees to look into houseboat mooring for them, and reluctantly gives them some tips about hot local nightlife spots, though she also seems to think Aradia is already past the age of cool, at all of 26. Heat tries to play up his “fellow teen” credentials to mixed effect. After the call everyone jokes around about how Otters and the Sea Dragon actually have a lot in common, due to a shared past of kidnapping other people’s/dragon’s children. Aradia also gets ahold of another contact who collects footage of runners as a kink, and makes arrangements to pass some along in future.

They get picked up by Sully and head to Greenwich for the first part of the mission, with the team sussing him out as he lays down a steady stream of banter, and seems to glean some intel from them as well. Heat sees what he’s doing and counter fast-talks as a distraction, which mostly works. Sully admits that he recognizes most of the team from some IOND footage he saw of PPJ’s memorial service, and says that he has something of an interest in the Returned. Ruxpin explains his situation, and his search for his remaining missing squaddies, and Sully offers to ask around a bit, and also invites Ruxpin to a Returned friends/family support group, which Ruxpin plans to attend, though the team is a little mixed on whether or not this a good idea.

They get out of the large armored cab near the private club they are to surveil, and check it out in the astral, matrix, and IRL, making a plan as they do. Aradia levitates Bug around back, and they find a good vantage to surveil from there, with a 6th floor conference room window facing out onto a fully enclosed rear courtyard. They head back to the safehouse and rest, coming back the next day a little ahead of the mission to execute their plan. First, Aradia sets Bug up out back, levitating invisibly while masking her spells to keep the patrolling Watcher Spirit from noticing. Bug observes the conference room as it is set up and swept for bugs ahead of the meeting. Ruxpin keeps an eye out for trouble, still somewhat unnerved by the crowds and overall level of sensory input in the massive city. Heat and Echo set up a little ambush in the nearby parking garage used by the private club, with Aradia dashing over to cast a Silence spell on them as the KO the valet and stuff him in a trunk, with Heat valiantly catching him as he falls to keep him from hurting himself further.

Aradia magically masks Echo to look like the valet, and they rush back to the club, doing their best performance of the teen employee’s enthusiasm. With the footage Bug has already gotten, they ID the two groups participating in the meeting as Omnistar and Horizon, and Echo waits til the OS reps arrive to try to place the bug pen on one of them while taking their keys. Unfortunately, they slightly bungle the bump pass, and the pen falls to the ground, Thinking quickly, Echo apologizes for making them drop their pen, and hands it back to the confused rep, who pockets it unthinkingly. They head in, and the team is glad they got the interior bug in place as a white noise generator is fouling much of the audio from Bug’s position outside, though the video feed is good from there.

It seems the two corps are colluding on some joint venture against a smaller local rival in exchange for some support against ARES in upcoming security contract bidding. This backroom dealing helps explain Horizon’s VERY present “ARES is not your friend!” PR/ad campaign that the team has seen around town a few times already. With the footage recorded, they all slip away, and load back up in Sully’s cab, riding up to Neon City and then entering Times Square on foot. They spot the ticketing booth that has the maintenance access door they need to get to, so Echo distracts the employees, while an invisible Heat sneaks behind them and picks the lock, slipping through the door with noone else the wiser. Ruxpin, Bug and Aradia all keep an eye on the heavy physical and astral security in the district.

Heat slips down some stairs, following the dense bundle of cables powering and running signals to and from the huge array of billboards around Times Square, and after some tense minutes of exploring the subterranean maintenance catacombs, finds the disuses emergency broadcast override room, just as MJ Sutton had described- it seems like his tip was good! Heat picks his way in again, manually splices some cables, and starts broadcasting the footage from the corp meeting on the emergency override channel over all 47 of the main billboards in the Square. With the team aboveground seeing some plain-clothes Horizon corpsec quickly moving to respond, Heat hustles out of the basement as the footage continues to play.

He slips out just ahead of some of the corpsec heading towards the maintenance door, and the team watches the bustling district for a bit, seeing various locals and tourists recording and commenting on the unusual broadcast. Satisfied that this will meet Sutton’s requirements, they head out before anyone starts asking questions, and return to Neon City, saying goodbye to Sully for the night as they can easily walk the short distance to Terminal. They head to their safehouse, and are just about to call it a night, when they get a call from Cat- she has a job nearing ready to go, which should get them started on the local branch of their ongoing investigation into MCT. She gives them a time, location, and password for the meet, the next week- up north in Washington Heights, at a mafia-affiliated speakeasy.

The team rests up, happy to have their first NYC job under their belts, and with Otters reporting that their gear has arrived, they can start making plans to smuggle it to various places around town as needed. Echo also gets some useful contacts for UCAS biz locally, including a military connection if they find themselves in desperate need of heavier equipment, and a UCAS Marshal for passing bounties along to. With Cat’s job a little ways off, they plan to seek out other work in the meantime, as well as getting settled into the new city.

Meetings Memorials and Extractions
2/3/2025, 1:28:16 PM
Runners
Otters aka Roadkill
Heat
Aradia
Echo
Ruxpin
Bug
and the return of: Ratched

Otters slips away immediately upon the team’s exit, with the help of Le Masque, having agreed to help smuggle him out of town ahead of whatever punishment may be coming his way from various sources. She uses her legendary rep to get access to a VTOL route up to Seattle, and brings Le Masque up that way before they part ways. Everyone back in Denver see that the local physical damage was non-existent, magical damage was hyper-localized, but matrix damage was heavy duty and widespread. The rest of the team is detained by Hototo and the ZDF and brought before Ghostwalker, were they find a very anxious Cat waiting. She tries to signal them to be chill but also not to lie, and luckily they had just enough time to prepare for this on the way over.

Aradia had 2 Laes cigs, which Bug and Ruxpin both smoke to forget the details of the mission as they are bad at lying, and Echo, Aradia and Heat concoct a quick but effective obfuscating though also true version of the story of what happened. Then Echo uses their adept abilities to displace those memories for a few days, and hears the story they concocted back from Heat and Aradia, now able to present it as the whole truth as they don’t know what they don’t know. Basically, the team wants to make sure to leave out their knowledge of Zebulon and the effects that their final decision in the MCT facility will likely have on his efforts to revive her.

Echo also got an after-action report back from the ex-UCAS mil deckers they had hired through Colloton, who report that similarly to the team, their only conclusion is that the Null was pulling their punches to quietly assist the team without seeming to do so. Very confusing. They also retreated right ahead of the device shutting down, but only after the UCAS deckers had taken out the hidden MCT spider who was monitoring everything, after the Null “accidentally” tipped them off to where he was. So perhaps the Null are not a single monolith and their are multiple agendas and factions? Or perhaps they are a singular entity and their goals have changed? Regardless, a problem for another day.

GW slithers forward out of the darkness in his lair, in full dragonform, and Heat and Ruxpin both instantly cower before his wrath as he uses Mindspeech to telepathically interrogate them. Luckily Echo holds strong and presents themselves as the leader, and makes a convincing case that they did the best they could to prevent even worse damage to the Hub and other places in GW’s domain. Luckily, the team also has a ton of data on MCT, Null, and Disian activities (as well as some intel on AZT), which they package up and pass over to GW. In return, he has Cat share with them the initial PR statements MCT has put out to try to control the spin.

Shortly thereafter, Cat also shares a much more panicky message from the same MCT PR rep, who seems to have received personal communication from GW expressing his displeasure after a cursory review of the team’s evidence. Echo, correctly reading the situation as GW returns, understands that GW is deeply angry, but not specifically at them, so manages to hold the team together and with Cat’s assistance, agree to continue tracking down more intel on MCT and seeking revenge on those responsible, which seems good enough for now. They hear that the Iron Horse Nation has indeed been completely destroyed, and the Zephyr train tracks that were tying the Mile High Realm together are also gone- the astral train is freely roaming the astral sea again, but the hyper-planes are drifting apart, likely halting GW in his attempt to return Zebulon forever, at least via these means.

As they finally get a chance to rest and patch up though, they get the good news- it seems like allowing the hyper-planes to separate has ended the dangerous Rifts that were occurring throughout Denver of late. Also, MCT seems to have cut bait and fled town, just ahead of GW ordering the seizure of all their properties and assets. They seem to have hurriedly moved out everyone of value, and executed a large number of low level employees they left behind, as well as leaving a lot of trashed infrastructure and traps. MCT of course blames the ZDF for the casualties, and plays up his violation of their extra-territorial rights. Given how this has all played out, and how cautious MCT was about leaving specific evidence behind, it looks like they will escape Corp Court censure for what happened here, at least for now, especially given the other corps’ ambivalence towards GW and his unilateral draconic rule.

Cat reports that the only leads they got all point back to an MCT subside called Shibata Consulting, based in NYC, which Aradia has also heard of from Kobold’s research before she went dark. With Otters’ vision as well, looks like they’re bound for NYC! And soon! Cat agrees with their decision to leave town quickly after saying their goodbyes, saying they can likely make sure to stay on GW’s good side by being far away, doing some work that will benefit him, or at least maybe get him more answers. Aradia gets a couple good contacts to reach out to for a potential Order of the Garter branch in NYC, Heat hears that Hype is headed that way after his failure in Denver to secure the Shadow Chapters (and also generating more concerns about Otters’ Tarot vision coming true), and Ruxpin gets a lead on a cabbie named Sully who might know more about The Returned, as he continues to seek his missing squad-mates.

Heat heads to Seattle in the matrix to finally do his show with the (undercover) Idol forms of Jetblack and Marli Bremerton, performing under his own name, deciding the further commit to the Johnny Silver path of the outlaw runner/rocker instead of splitting the two parts of his life. The show goes well, with the openers being an up-and-coming Baby Metal group from Chiba City named Terra Inferno, who are obsessed with body-modding, and using their rising fame to seek deltaware. Heat performs in front of a video of recent shadow exploits, including the terrifying meeting with GW. Heat gets some additional career hype from this, and also further aligns himself with the Silversound, away from Horizon.

Once their payment for the final job trickles in from the various people who threw into the pot, Ruxpin also takes advantage of his nearness to the PCC and gets one last round of major implant upgrade work, figuring he can pay Otters back later on his loan. Everyone else restocks on necessary gear, closes up their safehouses, and says their goodbyes to various friends and contacts as needed. They all attend PPJ and Creep’s memorial service, where they are delighted to see some Bostonians and Seattleites in attendance with fond memories of PPJ, and 9 Tails speaking well of both. 9T offers to take Creep’s ashes (such as they are) back to Seattle to scatter in some of his favorite hiding spots, and they agree.

Darien Black does a good, if aloof, job of leading the service, and Tilda Aurand also speaks fondly of Creep via a remote-in on a holo-drone. The team says some various nice things as well, and Heat clumsily continues to try to understand Ruxpin’s lack of introspection about life and death. With Otters still absent on a smuggling run, they take Echo’s contacts up on a work offer: in exchange for two road jobs on the way, Grey Cell will use their connections in Maersk to smuggle all the team’s illicit equipment overland to Manhattan, getting it into the Terminal district. On the way, they will bring the gear to two location in the CAS, where the team will do a few extraction jobs, one for GC, one for Colloton’s people.

They pack everything up, with Echo making a brief diversion to embark upon the Analytical Path via Ersatz’ instruction. They can hack now! Just a little bit, but via magic, and enough to back Heat up in the matrix, which will be handy. With GC fronting the biz class tix again, they all fly to Durham, South Carolina, and meet up with the Johnson, who Echo recognizes as a military lifer, John Kelly, recently retired to “contracting”, doing DIA and JSOC black books stuff for better pay. A tall, fit Black Ork, only really showing his age in his face and hands, he first casually socially checks them out over a nice meal and some pie, before activating counter-surveillance and getting down to biz.

He also introduces them to another members of their team for this job- a combat medic and solid utility player named Ratched, who the team knows used to know PPJ from his previous Denver and Boston days. Kelly explains that they will be doing a hostile extraction in Charleston, a University town that ARES has bought into, hard. They apparently got one of their hotshot researchers out of Detroit right before it locked down and set him up with a secretive lab on campus, and the team is to retrieve him, undamaged, and also inject a specimen that he has with a syringe full of an unidentified compound that Kelly provides. Ratched and Aradia both attempt to analyze it, but all they can really tell is that it isn’t magical and is some sort of mixture.

Post-extraction, the team is to get the researcher to a coyote in Durham, who will take over. Then they will head to New Orleans for a day or two while the researcher is interrogated, to get intel on their second target, which is somewhere deep in the Bayou. Kelly provides a clean van for the job, with morph plates, a smuggling compartment, and some spoof chips, and Ratched agrees to drive until Otters is able to meet them. They head towards Charleston to recon, and figure out it will be easy to use spoof ID’s (Heat gets a couple student ones at a party) to gain entrance to the lab building, but that ARES has locked down access to the sub-basement levels, and also warded them thoroughly. Spotting a cleaning crew for an ARES subsid working at night, they decide on a plan.

They call up Chet, their coyote contact from Nashville, and arrange to meet halfway to buy a biofiber body bag, a false janitorial drone with a smuggling compartment, and a bunch of cleaners uniforms. They also stock up on gas masks and rebreathers to conceal their identities. They surveil the real cleaner’s route a bit, and Heat hacks their dispatch schedule to they will head to the lab building last instead of second. The team then paints and magically disguises the van to match the cleaners, and pulls into the back parking lot. Heat loops the camera so Aradia can drop the van spell, and they head in the back door using their spoofed ID’s just before the building closes.

They have some funny interactions with awkward students and the ARES rent-a-cop security guard, who though not a threat himself can call down serious backup from ARES’ dense drone net and patrolling security in the town. Heat loops some more cameras and bypasses some locks, and Aradia starts slipping people down the stairs a few at a time, through the Alarm Ward there. They send the cleaning/smuggling drone down alone in the elevator and meet it. Spotting a patrolling spirit, they carefully pretend to clean while sneaking their way to the researcher’s office. They stack up and Heat pops the door as they race in. They just barely manage to take down the ceiling turret, the researcher (Burke), his ally spirit/assistant (which looks like a younger, fitter version of him), and his 3 other spirit assistants before any of them can trigger an alarm.

Heat trips a jammer, which Echo supports, using their new matrix abilities, while Ratched doses Burke with Slab and stuffs him in the biofiber body bag, and then into the cleaning drone, with Heat looping hall cameras, and Aradia watching for the patrolling spirit. Echo stays behind with the target in the drone, pretending to clean while maintaining the jam, and making sure no-one else finds the wrecked lab before they leave. The rest of the team heads down another flight of stairs, with Heat hacking while Aradia brings them through yet another ward (this place is a layer cake of them), and they start searching for the sample. Bug has the bright idea to check the same room number as Burke’s lab upstairs, and they find an airlock entrance, which looks serious.

Heat gets the first door open with some careful hacking, and then Bug barely stops Ruxpin from triggering a pressure plate trap just inside, noticing a keycard reader to the side of the interior of the door. Ratched and Heat bypass that and the trap, and Aradia uses a Silence spell to keep the team from tripping the various sound sensors in the airlock hall. They head to the far side, forced to close the door behind them to open the one ahead. They head in and search for the specific sample, eventually finding a troll-sized Valkyire module with no cover window. Unable to see inside, and not wanting to plug in to find out what’s going on here via the dataport, Ratched gets the go-ahead and injects the serum they were given, just getting out of the way quick enough as an enraged ALPHA Bug merge punches the lid off from the inside.

Luckily; it’s still hooked to a bunch of cables in the module, and between that and the initial effects of the serum, it’s moving a little slow. Unluckily, the opening of the chamber has triggered an alarm (which Heat squelches) and also started filling the room with knockout gas. Worse yet, Burke (or someone) has implanted the ALPHA with a crystal spine and another crystal just at the base of the brainstem! The team tries to retreat, but the ALPHA reaches out with magically extended tongue and arms to try to pull them towards it. They frantically fight it off, but team members also start dropping from the gas, and Ruxpin has to shred his armor and go into bear form to manage to haul them free. They finally manage to get the door shut in the airlock so they can cycle it and open the other one to escape, as they hear the writhing of the ALPHA on the other side of the door, hopefully in it’s death throes.

Unfortunately, the patrolling spirit spots them as they emerge, so Aradia quickly banishes it. They race back out into the hall and back up the stairs, getting through just as Aradia senses a security mage responding to the spirit’s disappearance. They all hurriedly pretend to clean a mage force-ghost manifests and observes them for a moment, before moving on, seemingly satisfied. Retrieving Echo and the target, they head back upstairs and out to the van, hurrying away as the alarms in the building finally start going off for real as their looper rounds and hacks wear off. They get seen by some security patrols racing the scene, but Aradia has magically reskinned the van again so it looks different and they aren’t stopped. Ratched carefully drives to the interstate and starts towards Durham, pausing at an abandoned rest stop to change van ID, appearance, and plates again, as well as ditching the smuggling drone and cleaner uniforms, piling them inside it and throwing in a thermite bar.

They stuff Burke in the van’s smuggling compartment with as much of their mission gear as will fit, and head to Durham. They get stopped once on the way by highway patrol, and Heat and Ratched quick swap who’s in the driver seat, with Heat managing to talk their way out of it, and explain away the amount of people and odd gear in the building as being ARES tech contractors helping to set up more new infrastructure. They get back under way, and call up their coyote for this job, Wiley, while pulling into town. They get directions to a mostly disused industrial district, and head there, finding Wiley waiting, and a little nervous. He’s kinda skeezy looking with a long wispy mustache and silver mohawk, but seems to be more nervous about the team ripping him off than anything, so they make the swap, stuffing the still-Slabbed Burke into the capacious trunk of Wiley’s coupe.

He pays up, and they get an extra favor each from Grey Cell, with Bug getting his challenge coin as well. They head to the airport and pick up Otters, who finally rejoins them post-smuggling. She takes over driving and they get a motel for the night, before driving to NOLA the next day, where they have an evening meeting in the French Quarter with their Johnson for the next gig- The Chromed Accountant, who they last worked with on the Seattle extraction that Ruxpin and Echo did early in their tenure on the team. He seems happy to work with them again, and buys them dinner and drinks in the secure upstairs room of a pirate-themed bar/venue while a brass band plays below.

The job, based on some quick intel gleaned from Burke, is to locate an ARES lab deep in the Bayou, destroy the facility, and recover a specific awakened plant sample along with any research data on it. Based on the intel they have, they calculate how much explosives to buy, and TCA says he can source that stuff for them overnight so the team can rest and party, and just takes the cost out of their upfront payment. They have a good time out on the town, and grab the gear from TCA the next morning a little bleary but not noticeably worse for wear. They head down to Houma, the town nearest the section of Bayou Burke pointed them towards, doing some research on the way.

With Ratched and Bug’s anti-corp contacts and knowledge, they put together that a loosely Voodou-affiliated mutual aid group called Cracking the Bones is probably going to be their best bet for on-the-ground intel and natural allies, and finds a crab shack that they seem to hold occasional meetings at. They manage to make a good impression on a ghillie-suited poacher named Selja Troff out front by gamely eating some of his mystery meat, and get some gumbo inside from a practitioner who seems affiliated with Baron Samedi, based on his skull face tat and other accoutrements. He seems to see something in Ruxpin, and the team is impressed to see this man, Lafitte, get “ridden” by the Loa of Samedi, who gives Ruxpin a vision of his remaining missing team-mate, hinting that he may find Halo on the run somewhere in NYC! The other two he only sees in combat, but can tell some core part of themselves is there- and thus, perhaps salvageable?

Ruxpin finally has some introspection, as Heat desired, wondering if he could have perhaps also saved the other two team-mates, having instead mercy-killed them. Regardless, they once again seem to have made a good impression, as Lafitte comes back to himself, and Selja agrees to guide them out in the Bayou on his fanboat, though he says he won’t fight or get hurt on their behalf. They arrange to come back the next day, and search in daylight hours, as Otters can tell from an initial survey with Morticia that the dense canopy will prevent any useful searching from above, and that the Bayou will likely come alive with dangers at night. They prepare as best they can for the threats they can anticipate, and rest for the night at another motel before heading in.

Selja is a skilled pilot and guide, but agrees to let Otters get a feel for the craft in case she needs it, and gives Ratched some tips on navigating the bayou in case she needs to guide them out. Echo has to use their drill sergeant voice to get Ruxpin not to dive off the boat after a Will-o-the-Wisp, but they otherwise avoid trouble on their long search, steering well clear of the massive behemoth gators, who are very territorial. They eventually realize they’ve crossed an invisible security perimeter, and do some careful drone scouting ahead, spotting a mostly-buried, bunker-like structure with 2 entrances on opposite sides from each other, and most of the building covered with a low island of vegetation and scrub. There are 6 camouflaged patrol drones, 6 camo’ed tree drones (3 large, 3 small) with the 3 large acting as support bases and comms relays for two drones each. There are also 6 patrolling Afanc awakened gators, who seem to likely be trained or enticed in some way.

They make a plan, and Aradia levitates Heat invisibly forward to one of the large trees, where Heat hacks in, and adds the team to the “white list” for drone targeting. Selja hops out and scamper up a cypress tree, telling them to pick him up on their way out as he wants no part of the fight. Otters carefully drives the boat further in towards the entrance with a dock, while the team watches for Afancs, who seem quite interested. Getting to the entrance, Heat loops some cameras while Ratched disables some traps again, and Otters takes the boat around the outside of the structure, carefully placing explosives to detonate on their way out. Heat is keeping any outbound comms from happening as long as he can, but eventually has to drop out to avoid tripping internal defenses further.

They crack the door at the dock, and Otters sends in a drone, which is blown apart almost instantly, though not before it sees 6 guards set up at a defensive post with guns trained, along with a shotgun auto-turret just inside, and a plant spirit observing- the spirit is likely what spotted them as Aradia has been having a hard time making stuff out in this dense, lively environment. The team is also getting a bit fatigued from the humidity as they are all in chem-sealed full armor. Lacking other options, and with some explosives left over, Ratched and Otters rig up a satchel charge, and Ruxpin rips the door open and chucks it in, with Echo luckily providing some guidance, as he almost misses on the throw.

The charge lands a little short, but blows big, destroying the door, the lobby turret, the guards and guard post, disrupting the spirit, and taking down the ward with it’s localized corruption of mana space. The guards also returned fire at the same moment, dropping Ruxpin. Unfortunately, the explosive also catches the team and the boat, which is almost sunk. The team also comes under attack from Afanc gators, who they manage to fend off, though they almost take Bug with them using their elemental water control. The explosive also set off a gas trap in the lobby, which knocks Ruxpin out again after Ratched and Aradia briefly heal him. Echo and Ratched start frantically patching the sinking boat, while Bug and Otters (via Mule Drone) head into the facility. Heat covers them as best he can from the entrance.

They slip through a maze of halls and labs and such, finding that it is almost totally locked down, seemingly as a security response, so they don’t encounter anyone. Reaching the chamber they seek, Otters uses the Mule to thermite through the door, and they quickly search and find the sample, as well as a case to safely and stably transport it. Meanwhile, Heat has hacked into the Host again and dump-shocked the onsite Spider, as well as getting the research data they needed, but not before the host was able to send out a one-time alarm to some off-site receiver. Bug., being ex-corpsec himself, knows they are on a tight clock to escape, so he and Otters’ Mule hustle back to the front, coming under fire from the remaining guards as they do.

The drone is destroyed, and Bug badly injured, but just managing to make it with the sample. They roll the KO’ed Ruxpin into the boat, and race away, picking up Selja on the way and trying to get some distance as they blow the charges and see the lab collapse into the swamp behind them. After they make some distance, they cut the engine and start paddling, hearing some VTOL engines searching for them above the canopy. Aradia makes an illusion of their boat making a run for it in a nearby clearing, and has an illusory explosion result when it gets lit up with mini-gin fire from the VTOL. Ratched hopes the VTOL’s are able to pull some survivors from the gator-infested waters of the ruined labs, feeling bad for leaving so many scientists there to die otherwise….

But the illusion seems to work as the VTOL switches to hover mode from patrol to investigate the site, so they slip away into the bayou, losing their pursuers. Selja helps them sneak their gear back to their van from the swamp’s edge, and they say their goodbyes, and head straight for Baton Rogue, with Ratched tending to injured team-mates as best she can in the back of the van. They drop the sample off with The Chromed Accountant, eat some more good food, get paid, and then rest a day. The next night, some of the team heads to a party thrown by a local Equity chapter, where Ratched has an in, and Bug has a fun time talking shit on the corps, while the team overall can’t help but take a little credit for anti-corp activities in the swamp, without admitting anything outright.

Ruxpin misunderstands some social cues after Heat tells him to make friends, but has a nice sexual encounter with a Bi- Marxist who takes a different meaning from Ruxpin telling him he is a bear. Ruxpin gets his number, and decides that making friends isn’t so bad after all. With all their gear dropped off for shipment to NYC, they plan to chill for a few days in the area then fly to NYC and get going on their extensive task list there. Ratched says her goodbyes for now, but also says she’s hoping to work with them again, but wants to stay and work on her anti-corp activism in the area for a while yet first. Echo also gets a call from Colloton’s people- they have one final job for them for now, hitting a Corp Court justice, who they previous extractions and some additional detail suggest new of the plan for the Blackouts before it happened. She’s on Earth, a rare occasion, and thus somewhat vulnerable, and since the team is already going to be in NYC, they agree to take a look, though they don’t commit yet, as this is a hard target…..

The Price of Hubris
1/27/2025, 10:18:04 PM
Runners
Otters aka Roadkill
Heat
Aradia
Echo
Ruxpin
Bug

The team keeps fighting their way deeper into the astral bank vault in the City of Steel. Heat compiles a Sprite using the nascent Noosphere present there, and with it’s aid gets into the MCT goons’ network, and spots that the MCT rigger has called all of the building’s drones down to the lobby to assault the team. They prepare to repel the assault, and make short work of the roto drones that arrive shortly thereafter. Unfortunately, this prevents them from paying close attention to the staircase, where another squad of goons supported by a rigger-controlled Steel Lynx have carefully ascended through the lube. They manage to fight their way through, though injured and damaged, with Otters losing her own Lynx in the process and suffering some dumpshock in her dumpster hiding place.

Heat is disturbed to see his Sprite casually disassembled in front of him- and not in the way of normal decompiling. Bug races down the lube stairs to the basement with Ruxpin close behind as Otters physically enters the building to restrain the one goon that they managed to incapacitate while Aradia maintains Foreboding to keep him terrified. Otters also starts gathering up grenades from the downed goons to try to restock a bit. Aradia levitates herself, Heat and Echo down the stairs as well to avoid the lube. They find themselves in a long hallway, facing a defensive post at the far end, and quickly come under fire, as well as Aradia having another of her spells fall apart with no obvious explanation.

They see the two awkward, heavily armored figures at the defensive post, and decide these must by an Akyromancer and a Tech-Akyromancer, the new specialists that the Null-allied Freedom Network have been training in magical and Resonance nullification. They start taking some shots at them, but notice that some of the goons are body-guarding for the Akyromancers, so they focus their fire to try to cause distraction, while Heat and Ruxpin charge forward down the hallway under the cover of smoke grenades, taking heavy fire on the way and with no cover. Otters also warns them against using explosives down there as the walls seem lined with demo charges to collapse the hallway as a defense.

The Akyromancers flee through a vault door, and start closing it behind them, with Aradia barely catching it with a high force levitation and Ruxpin rushing forward and yanking it open. Both Ruxpin and Bug get dropped by return fire after taking out a few goons, with Heat,, Echo and Aradia following shortly after, also having taken down a few goons. They Akyromancers appear to have escaped through another arch, after Heat crashes their TacNet and flatlines their decker, driving the rigger out of HotSim as well. Otters, last teammate standing manages to take one more guard down with a snake dart, but in desperation hucks her bag of grenades down the tunnel and detonates it, collapsing the end of the area on top of the arch and device that the team had seen there through the vault door.

The Roseanne drone gradually gets people woken back up, starting with Aradia, who starts magically healing as well, and eventually the team is resucitated and stabilized. A few of them take advantage of the dark powers of the Sunstone, with Aradia becoming just a little addicted to Blood Magic from it’s use. With them back on their feet, they quickly do some excavation, and find that the arch and device (seemingly an Adjuster type) were destroyed in the collapse. They also recognize some of the odd glyphs that had been seen around Denver, connected to the e-ghost known as The Seer, early in their time there. So it seems she was onto something after all….

Aradia puts together that this device was collecting all the energy generated by the Disruptors that they shut down on the other planes, and sending it via the arch to some other location, though she isn’t sure where. However, she can tell that their means of destroying this one has caused some dangerous instability, so she hopes it isn’t anywhere they care about. They then Mind Probe the loan captured guard, and find out that the other side of the arch leads to a secret MCT facility concealed inside and under a Shinto temple in the Hub in Denver- bad news! They get some security details on the facility and a little intel on the project, but it seems like this corp soldier was kept well away from the secrets, so they don’t gain much higher level knowledge.

They kill him, and prepare to take the train back, to get home and see what has happened. While checking that they all have their tickers, they also find that they have a copy of the Chariot Tarot card from the mysterious 3rd deck, which corresponds to the Ride card from the 6WT, and they know can summon a fancy car, which might be useful as they are lacking a van at the moment. They spend a few hours on the Zephyr train resting, healing, and patching armor with help from Iva, who seems to enjoy the focused task. Entering the cavern at the end of the line in the forest, they emerge back through Arcane’s portal and find the site of the shadow meeting a smoking ruin.

It looks like it was heavily attacked while they were gone, and they see Arcane collapse from drain as they emerge- he seems to have stayed behind to keep the portal open. Aradia manages to stabilize him but can’t wake him up. Goldsmoke, Magnum, and a number of the other guards lie dead around the top of the mesa, though it looks like most of their allies have escaped successfully, based on the VTOL’s and drones chasing off into the distance in various directions. Le Masque appears via manifestation, and tells them that he volunteered to stay behind to tell them what happened, since he was physically off-site, and offers them a significant payday for finishing off this mission, gesturing towards the mana storm gathering over the Hub to the north.

He tells them most of their allies from the meeting are running or in hiding, and that suspicions were high as to who, if anyone, betrayed the meet. Given that, he thinks they will likely be uncontactable, as it also seems that MCT and the Null launched multiple simultaneous attacks against larger targets this time, not just shadow contacts and runners. They agree, and accept Le Masque’s offer of assistance IRL, so he tells them he will quickly return to town and meet them at the MCT facility in a few hours once they’ve geared up. Not wanting to wait around for enemy drones and missiles to return, they use the Chariot card, and a strange extended sports car pulls up. It seems to have just enough room for the team plus Arcane, and they load in, with Otters delighted that the onboard AI lets her take over and drive. It handles well for all it’s odd length, and they race back to the core of town, swinging into the Warrens to gear up before they job.

Most of them offload their damaged armor at Rattler’s shop for a discount on new sets, and transfer their mods over with help from Dracula. Heat is summoned by StepMAMA to a mysterious matrix mission- apparently The Seer has finally awoken from her coma! And has relevant info. StepMAMA warns that she was able to uncover evidence in Caelum’s libraries of other planes whose mana has been drastically altered and/or siphoned off, and that it doesn’t end well. She and Heat leave, and Heat accompanies her on a journey to the Wild Matrix city of Garmonbozia, an AI nation and sanctuary. They meet Ersatz there, who seems fascinated by the whole thing, and asks to travel back with Heat later to discuss some things. They also find the Seer, sitting in a forcedly quiet, and quite relaxing, courtyard amidst a huge collections of libraries, archives and the like, all vaulted but open to the sky.

StepMAMA tells Heat to try to make a good impression as this place is important to her, and might have good opportunities for him as well. Heat converses with The Seer, and gains some knowledge of the Glyphs, as well as what they were intended to accomplish. He also does seem to make a good impression, and gets permission to establish a test connection to the Nexus, for the purposes of the sharing of information. Heat also hears about some different conflicts and intrigues in GB, and plans to return when he has more time to investigate in the future and isn’t mid-mission. StepMAMA says she will remain there for now to share more of what she learned on Caelum with Mimir, The Seer, and the other denizens. Heat and Erstaz take off, with Ersatz guiding and sharing a bit more knowledge about themselves.

They explain that they are a member of one of the many species of non-Disians who have made Dis their home of the aeons, as it seems to be a “deep” metaplanar crossroads, not dissimilar to Earth, perhaps. Ersatz’ species is a sort of Disian client species that has been trained to specialize in a magical manipulation of Noosphere energies, an activity the Disians seems to view as beneath them as they have some amount of a cultural technophobia. Ersatz explains that they were doing scouting on different planes, monitoring mana and Noosphere levels, amongst other things, when they finally put together that the Disians are siphoning mana from other planes, sometimes doing incredible damage in the process. Knowing this, and having found that they, and other members of their species, actually like many of the other planes, they fled, while on a mission in Zecorporatum. They also explain some of the various corps’ history’s with Dis, AZT and ARES in particular- AZT’s blood magic expertise was critical to helping Disian manatech work on Earth, while ARES was mostly interested in making deals with Disians for their own purposes- portal weapons and the like, and it seems like Damien Knight likely was personally behind these deals.

With their particular affinity to Earth, they headed here, and had quite the adventure! Kidnapped by the Black Lodge, rescued by Grey Cell, befriended by ‘shifter mercs in Yakut, and then saved by the team when Denver Black Lodge got a lead on their location. They explain that as opposed to Earth, Dis does not have it’s own manasphere that self-generates and sustains, and that they instead must gather and store mana via various means. Heat wonders if Dis was hit by the Horrors in the past, and were just sufficiently magically advanced to survive it…. a question for another day! Regardless, this all seems bad and the team needs to shut down the experiment/test that the Disians and MCT are running in Denver. With that, Ersatz leads into their second topic. They explain that certain entities, including Deus, likely Ghostwalker, some Great Spirits, and the like have the ability to either grant sapience or cause TM’s to emerge. In dragons and spirits, this is known as “Mindspeech”, and with GW possessing at least one Silver Book, it seems he can possibly do both, making his cult’s claims about him perhaps accurate.

Part of what inspired them to flee Disian control was an encounter with a strange matrix entity called Psyche, or maybe Wraith, or maybe Kokopelli, in the Noosphere of ZeCorp, and Ersatz can sense that Heat has also encountered this being. They discuss their various encounters and what this mystery could mean, and Ersatz adds Heat to a Jackpoint forum on the topic, containing some heavy hitters, including Hestaby, the great dragon. The forum also seems to be looking into the K-Code and other matrix mysteries as well. With that, Ersatz says their goodbyes, but also offers to teach magical team-mates of Heat’s a few of their specific techniques for accessing the matrix, what they call “the Analytical Path.” Heat returns alone a while later, with the team also having stocked up on explosives and grenades in his absence. He reports that The Seer was able to explain the glyphs a little more, and exchange info based on what he saw in the City of Steel, and confirm that it seems like the MCT devices and manatech ritual, now that it’s destabilized, has the potential to do massive magical damage to part, or maybe all, of Denver.

Based on what Heat learned, what was in the manual, and what they can suss out, as well as on Le Masque’s input, they figure out that currently, if it just destabilizes and blows, the main MCT device will badly damage the Hub and surrounding areas, with much of the damage dumping into the Aurora Warrens and the Englewood Barrens. It seems part of what MCT has been up to over time has been subtly reshaping Leylines and other local mana phenomena to effectively use the Warrens/Barrens as a massive power sink in a pinch, with what are sure to be devastating effects to those present in those areas. Aradia, not wanting to start a panic, spreads the word amongst the Paradise Lost mall crew to get anyone they can out of the district or underground, and they get moving.

Echo gets team approval to share Discidium intel with Colloton and her people, as she had requested, and does so. In exchange, she says she will provide some ex-mil decker support for the team on the upcoming mission. They will fight to endangerment but not death on the team’s behalf, and should provide some critical assistance on getting through layer 2 of the expected security on-site, especially since the team is a bit under-resourced on the matrix. The Null are a huge threat to Sprites, and the team’s local allies are all busy fending off attacks of their own, so this seems like the best support they can get on short notice, and since they don’t have a Discidium copy themselves, the danger of sharing the intel seems low. Echo leaves out the fact that The Collector has a second copy, only mentioning Prot0’s.

Lacking better options, Heat Resonance channels over to Prophetess again, and in exchange for Echo insisting on a meeting with GW afterwards to explain everything, she agrees to get them access through ZDF security to the MCT site in the Hub, and since they share more info upfront this time, even offers some ZDF resources to help them punch through the first layer of security- patrolling spirits around the temple itself. They arrive onsite, and the team insists Otters come in IRL even though she wants to stay in the car. Le Masque sidles up them in disguise, and joins up. They signal the ZDF on-scene that they are ready, and see some mages and spirits launch the assault, punching a hole through the defending spirits, as the team races in.

They spot Otters’ old anthro-drone waving a white flag, and Heat opens a Resonance channel as everyone else goes matrix off, fearing the Null. The drone tries to make a deal with Heat, seemingly wanting some skilled astral travellers to investigate Dis on the Null’s behalf in exchange for help getting through the facility, but Heat unilaterally rejects this offer by blowing the drone body apart. The team enters the second security layer expecting assault by deadly drones and traps. Le Masque hangs back to keep the spirits off their ass while they head deeper. Weirdly, all the drones and cameras seem to always be just about to spot them and then swing the other way, and all the traps trigger just before or after they pass. Even given the skill of their supporting UCAS deckers, this seems improbable.

As they reach the end of the maze-like digital layer, Echo and Ruxpin spot a camera light flashing in Morse code at them, and read it as “A Gesture of Good Faith.” Did the Null help them even though Heat clearly rejected their offer? The door leading down to the basement facility clicks open, and they don’t have time to waste, so they dash forward and descent another set of stairs, finding another similar hallway to the astral bank vault, lined with explosives, no cover, with a defensive post at the far end. They again assault and start getting dropped, but manage to fight their way into the final chamber, taking out all the guards and sending Akyormancers fleeing injured through yet another arch.

With copious use of Tarot cards and the Sunstone, they manage to stay on their feet this time at least, and Heat hurriedly calls forth a Sprite, as Aradia pushes into the field around this vibrating, destabilizing Adjuster. Otters manages to crack open the panel cover safely once Bug spots it, and Heat slips in and touchlinks, barely gaining access to the well-defended system, which once again seems sort of intelligent or part alive in and of itself. Also, incredibly oddly, the physical, mana, and matrix appearances of this arch and device all appear exactly the same, with perfect overlays when viewed multiply. Heat has to use both remaining chips, but gets the spoofed owner level access, and with Echo’s helps and knowledge from The Seer, manages to interpret the glyph controls to some degree.

Now, with only minutes to spare, they have a horrible choice to make: if they simply shut the device down, the damage will be near total in the Warrens, and Barrens, both densely populated and under-resourced. If they destroy it, the damage will be chaotic throughout Denver, but will hit the Hub especially hard, also super densely populated. Or, they can retarget the damage, but can only aim it one of Denver’s districts of one of the Mile High Realms, and whichever they target will be completely destroyed. After an agonizing but brief debate, they settle on targeting it on the Iron Horse Nation, the sort of Mad Max/Post-apoc hyper-plane, aware also that this will permanently halt GW’s efforts to reunite the planes and bring Zebulon back, but that this will spare the other planes and Denver itself both from magic damage cascade and from further rifts from GW’s experiments.

Heat inputs the commands, and sensing danger, dismisses his Sprite and logs off, telling Aradia to get out of the astral as well. The countdown reaches zero, and the machine stops vibrating, and quietly breaks apart and crumbles, the strange mix of unfamiliar metal and and stone crumbling away from the concrete and alloys they were placed amongst. It is almost anti-climactic in the physical realm, until a horribly injured Le Masque stumbles in, saying that he held the spirits off but something just tore them all apart. They offer him the Sunstone, which he eagerly uses to replenish himself, before he starts cutting on some of the MCT guards who weren’t quite fully dead, in order to recharge his Athames after a hard-won fight. They head back out of the facility, and find a scene of chaos outside.

It seems like destructive energies tore through the nearby matrix, and they see ZDF medics trying to stabilize various deckers and riggers who crashed out from the wave. There was also a more chaotic and local magical effect field, which seems to have successfully shunted off-plane. They notice that Le Masque has quietly slipped off after paying them as promised, but are unable to escape themselves, as the watchful and distrustful ZDF commander Javier Hototo has spotted them, and kindly offers to escort them to their promised meeting with GW, where they will have some explaining to do. Echo starts brainstorming strategies with the team, franctically trying to put together a plan on how to spin this….

On the Rails to Ruin
1/20/2025, 5:23:59 PM
Runners
Otters aka Roadkill
Heat
Aradia
Echo
Ruxpin
and introducing: Bug

Before the big shadow meeting, the team gets some news: Darien Black says that it does look like the Black Lodge killed PPJ as revenge, and extracted his crystals, but his sources suggest that MCT or others in the “evil alliance” may have been involved in helping the BL find and trap PPJ. Black suggests a memorial service at an appropriate time after the crisis is resolved, and the team agrees, adding Creep to the planned service as well. They also hear from Ellis, thanking them for the data packet from Carter, but warning that many corps are now trying to establish their own relationships with Free Insect Spirits in order to gain their own accessways to Vhortas, seeking rumored treasures and strange resources there and trying to break ARES’ stranglehold. However, more portals = more Whispers = more Insect Shamans, just when Earth was becoming harder for Vhortas to access.

they stock up on gear, drones, armor, etc, do their necessary repairs and head to the shadow meeting. There they receive their briefing, and meet a new runner named Bug, which Echo finds upsetting but seems like a nickname applied by others, much like how Ruxpin came by his name. Bug is from the Indian Union and used to work in CorpSec for Evo, seems skilled and to have nice gear, but is new to running. He volunteers to join on the mission and with Mr. K,, Goldsmoke and Magnum all vouching for him, the team agrees to bring him along, glad of the additional combat support. Bug is also a sniper/melee fighter so he and Ruxpin bond over that as well as feeling like somewhat misunderstood odd men out in certain circumstances, as Bug is Hanuman Changeling, with some fairly noticeable SURGE effects.

Arcane whips up a portal, not bothering to hide his nature at this point, and the team enters the Zephyr train, clutching their tickets tight. The Conductor comes along and checks them all but seems immune to conversation, though they do find Iva Linus Hathaway here again, once more vending her services aboard the train on which she now resides. It seems GW’s “astral repair” teams have been having some success, as the train initially seems nicer, more stable, and more in use that on their last visit, and seems to still be the thing tying the MHR hyper-planes together. However, shortly after they enter, finding themselves emerging from the familiar cave mouth into the Black Canyon, they feel the train jerk and shift, and look behind them to see the tracks being slowly pulled apart.

As the train was also meant to be their way home, they are a little concerned, so they get off at the first stop, and do some recon. Morticia has a hard time getting good sightlines with the dense foliage, so they work their way back along the track, avoiding it as it lifts off the bed and start coming apart at about 1 meter per minute. They also move carefully to avoid some of the various threatening creatures they see stalking them from the woods, who luckily seem creeped out by whatever magic effect is occurring, and stay back from the ruined tracks. They ascend the mountain, with Bug and Ruxpin easily scampering up, Echo managing, Aradia levitating, and Heat and Otters needing some assistance (while Otters smoothly pilots her fucked up Lynx drone with no trouble).

They get partway up to the source of the disturbance, and find two squat, vibrating pillars, set with a hexagonal pattern of the strange onyx metal they recall from Detroit. Examining Arcane and Ersatz’ manuals, they figure out that this is likely a Planar Disrupter and get some ideas on how to approach shutting it off. With Heat testing the Aetheric Tuning Forks provided, they figure out how best to use them, and plan to tap one on the train tracks below and one on each pillar up on the mountain in order to stabilize them before approaching. Bug scamper back down while Ruxpin covers, and they all carefully time the tap to harmonize. It works, and the pillars stop vibrating, allowing Aradia and Otters (via the Metaplanar Occulus) to examine the device for the access port, with Otters beginning to learn Assensing via some tips from Aradia.

They find it, and Aradia pushes through the protective ward to allow Otters to access, with her carefully opening it without setting off the anti-tamper trips. She swaps out with Heat, who slides in and touches the internal panel, finally gaining access to the controls. He burns one of Perri’s chips on a failed attempt, and has to use a second to gain access, but then manages to set the device to repair the damage it had done, and then self destruct with some destabilizing harmonies on a reboot. Oddly, the device seemed to have an ARES style matrix system, though heavily modded and altered. With this done, they work their way down the mountain, with Bug proving his worth by scaring off some upsetting shadowy spirits with some well-placed shots. They catch the train at the stop again, and head to the Shattered Lands, planning to cleae the planes in order.

They see the track starting to repair itself behind them as they go, and are delighted they will be able to leave again when needed. Here, they carefully avoid the drone patrols emanating from the cursed MCT dome where Creep was taken, and find some angry elemental spirits, mostly wind and earth, circled around another slowly expanding magical effect field. Remembering what they learned from dealing with Vishala, they offer some gifts and explain their plan to some of the more powerful spirits present, who agree to allow their passage in for some reagent gifts, and perhaps also allow their passage out IF they do what they claim. They sneak in, again dodging drone oversight, and Ruxpin finds a 10 meter poured concrete disc, which seems to cover more poured concrete on the sides as he excavates a bit. Aradia covers the area with a masked illusion to keep the drones from spotting their work.

She then also adds a Silence bubble, as their best plan is to blast through. Heat gives up all his grenades, and Otters breaches in, finding another Disruptor vibrating badly. This one seems to be pushing the Shattered Lands further apart, fracturing the realm. Bug spots a nearby rusted well pump. and goes to tap on that with another Aetheric Fork while Heat hits the Disruptor again. From there the process plays out as before, with Heat once again setting it to reverse some of it’s harm and then self-destruct. This device looks like an AZT matrix sculpting, though also modded somewhat. They pass back out through the spirits, who seem surprised to find mortals who honor their bargains, and give them some gestures of respect. They hop back onto the train, dodging the edges of the final drone patrol as they do. They head next to the Iron Horse Nation, and find it even more combative and dangerous than before.

As opposed to fun combat games and struggles of towns vs wastelands, it’s full on post-apoc combat between factions. They join up with one, the Rusty Halberds, at random, and make a deal to get a vehicle in exchange for claiming the old ruined graveyard on top of the mesa at the plane’s center for that faction. Moritica has quickly spotted that the plane is slowly constricting and pushing the mesa higher, so this seems like the obvious site of the issue. The team approaches, with Otters’ skilled driving avoiding any unnecessary entanglements on the way. Morticia flies up to scout but almost gets taken out by a Disian Gargoyle, who detect her via smell. Worried after their last encounter with these adversaries, the team sets a trap.

Aradia levitates Ruxpin and Big up a distance back from the mesa to pull the Gargs out, while the rest of the team plan to fire up at them once they leave cover. This mostly works, except that Aradia’s spells are somehow unravelled just as they cross the LOS barrier, leaving the team with two tumbling snipers, who luckily Aradia manages to quickly catch with a skilled dual-cast of fresh levitation spells, and who gets off some shots while falling. Between them and the ground team, they make short work of the Gargs, though their attacks remain quite deadly, with Heat taking a bad hit. They ascend the mesa, with Ruxpin and Bug getting their first and spotting two armored but somewhat awkward figures exiting through some sort of arched gateway that seems to be a portal.

When they get atop the mesa, they investigate a bit, and find that they get blown back with great force when they try to enter or throw/pass anything through. They end up using more Aetheric Forks to stabilize, one on the arch and one on a nearby wrought iron grave marker. The process once again goes fairly well from there, though there is some kind of additional matrix protection (it seems like the device itself is almost sentient?) which nearly takes Heat out before he manages to succeed in his programming and commands and get out. With the plane slowly expanding and the mesa descending until the device auto-destructs again, they head out, and “steal” the RH’s war rig rather than go back for the train this time. They arrive at the City of Steel and find it also extra chaotic, though not destabilizing as actively.

Those who were here recently find that their wristbands still work, and enter, although they are allowed to bring all their weapons this time- odd. Ruxpin agrees to play the part of Heat’s “pet bear”, and Heat is told he is responsible for any damage the bear causes. Bug and Echo both manage to interview for third level acces. Entering the Mish Mosh market and reviewing the team file. they decide to avoid the Sun Sector due to it’s AZT ties and that corp’s uncertain loyalties at the moment, and instead head for The Fallen district, with Ruxpin hoping his NAN background will help him there. To his surprise, he finds the district is mostly composed of Ute Nation ex-pats from the Material Plane, and is delighted to speak in one of his native languages to the locals.

As he is making a good impression, and it seems English is frowned on here, the team lets Ruxpin do the talking, which he awkwardly and earnestly does. They get a briefing at a large community lodge, and meet with some elders, who upgrade the team’s badges to get them the access they need to the Brokenville sector, where some MCT goons have set up a secure site and some strange magical energies have been gathering. The Ute elders say they are unable to help supply equipment, as The Authority still keeps a close watch on such things, but wish them luck and safe travels, and give the team a chance to briefly rest and recover. They head to Brokenville, and recon the building, a closed bank They decide to hit the 6 guards in the lobby with a chuck and charge pincer, having heard there are likely 14 more guards in the basement vault, where the final device should be located.

Bug and Echo enter via levitation in some upper levels and work their way down, sneaking past drone patrols, while Otters hides her body in a dumpster with Heat maintaining a Resonance Channel to her Lynx, and Ruxpin and Heat preparing to breach from the front. Aradia gets two Silence bubbles in place as the team enters the lobby from two sides at once, and makes quick work of the surprised guards there, who deal some damage in return but not enough to take anyone out. The team chucks some lube down the basement stairs to delay any response, and prepares to figure out how to get down there and shut down whatever device is waiting there. Based on the manual, they expect to find an Aetheric Adjuster, collecting and re-routing the energy generated by the disruption occurring on the other hyper-planes.

Triple Threat
1/13/2025, 10:37:02 AM
Runners
Otters aka Roadkill
Heat
Aradia
Echo
Ruxpin

Wanting to find out what happened to PepperJack, the team stashes their mission gear at the safehouse, and heads into the Hub to Arcane’s office, after confirming with Arcane that it as least isn’t a super-obvious trap. They also check over the immediate area and the corpse, and don’t find anything trap-like either. They do figure out some CSI details, along with mourning their friend. It looks like PPJ was dead before he was dissected and drained of blood, but the draining was thorough enough that they can’t confirm if it was “their” PPJ for sure. Both of his crystals were removed, but he has the correct number of arms (4), and the interior structure to support them, as far as they can tell.

They also find two more Tarot cards from the mysterious deck they’ve encountered a few times- the Ten and King of Blades. While debating what this could mean and what they should do with his body, they get a frantic call from Stiletto, who seems to have been ambushed, and warns them to watch out for…. unknown, as the call cuts off at that point. Heat manages to get the location- near the Lowry border with the Warrens, and Otters sends the VTOL over to scout, prioritizing speed over stealth, while the team heads over in the van to see what they can do, leaving PPJ’s bod in Arcane’s care for now.

The VTOL arrives on-scene too late to see the end of the encounter, but is able to spot some clues- Stiletto’s SUV is crashed into a light pole and pretty shot up, and there are some blood trails leading away from it. There are armored boot prints, alongside animal prints in the blood, but no other obvious sign of where she was taken, aside from what looks like some prop wash areas where another similar-size VTOL drone likely landed and.or took off. While the van continues towards the area, hoping to question some nearby civilians who are starting to reemerge from hiding, Otters’ VTOL comes under attack from the Null Sect.

Otters takes some heavy firewall damage, but manages to get the drone set on auto-pilot and headed to Dracula’s garage nearby before turning it’s matrix connectivity off. Heat jumps into the matrix and lands a single blow before fleeing, as more Null Greys arrive on scene, with an Overseer observing. The team goes matrix off as Heat detonates some fuzzy grenades in the van to cut their signal, and Otters sneak drives back to their nearby safehouse. They start gearing up to return to the scene prepared for a fight, when they suddenly come under attack from 5 manifested spirits inside their safehouse!

There is one each of the core elemental types, along with a plant spirit, and each targets one of the runners. Aradia busts out her new banishing skills to great effect, and can tell that although the spirits are quite powerful and owe a large number of services, they don’t seem invested in their task at all, and are doing kind of the minimal effort allowed in the combat, not using any powers etc. After Otters takes a blow, she manages to get into her drone and start laying down some heavy fire, and Ruxpin finds that his new power fist actually makes a pretty decent anti-spirit weapon. They manage to finish them off, with the ones Aradia banishes fully giving her a small nod of respect.

Freaked out and not feeling very safe at their safehouse, the team gathers as much gear as they can, leaving behind only incidentals and Otters’ minimally useful Proletariat repair assistant drone. They stuff the van as full as possible and are debating where to go next when Heat makes a Resonance channel connection to the Nexus and hears from Perri that other runners and allies have also come under attack, and that Cat’s bar, the One-Up Arcade, is on fire! The team decides to head there, with Heat also channeling to Prophetess to get tacit permission from GW to operate openly in the Hub for a short time. They are allowed through the ZDF checkpoints as promised, and race to the scene, finding the front of the bar pouring out oily black smoke.

Ruxpin is a little over-whelmed by the strong smells and can’t get too much detail, but can detect that an accelerant was used, so this isn’t a coincidence or accident. The rest of the team gets a bad feeling as Otters keeps driving forward, and it’s only by a slim bit of luck that she avoids taking full damage on the van as they come under assault from a grenade and gunfire. The team members all split out of the van and take cover in nearby shops (telling employees and civilians to get back to avoid collateral, as they promised Prophetess). Otters gets all the drones clear of the van but stays in the rigger cocoon, since it’s her best armor option. Aradia gets tagged by some suppressive fire into the van from more ambushers and goes down.

Heat yells a command to Creep’s Roseanne drone to heal Aradia, and it trundles back in to do so, while Aradia’s auto-injector goes off to stabilize her. The rest of the team manages to spot 5 attackers and return fire. These seem likely to be MCT-affiliated goons, based on their high level of skill mixed with off the shelf standardized gear, which seems like something of a pattern for them locally. The team manages to hold out long enough, and return enough targeted fire, that the other team finally retreats, under the cover of thermal smoke grenades, and with a final launched explosive nearly taking Otters out and wrecking the rigger cocoon.

Otters and Ruxpin start frantically stripping all the salvageable components off the van and strapping them to drones as Otters also calls Mile High taxis and hires a party bus to come pick them up. The ZDF arrive on scene in force after a few minutes, and find Heat helping a singed Cat and other One-Uppers put out the fires, while Echo buys sandwiches from some traumatized shopkeepers nearby, and Ruxpin demonstrates that although the jewelers he took shelter in got wrecked, he was careful not have done any damage himself. Aradia, back to consciousness via drone and further repaired with her own spellcraft, joins Echo and Heat in talking to the ZDF while Ruxpin and Otters keep scrapping the van as best they can.

The ZDF commander on-scene, Javier Hototo, seems annoyed at having to let them leave, but it seems like instructions came from above, so he does so. Echo manages to keep things moving when Hototo and Heat almost get into it, both affronted by the other’s behavior. The team realizes as the party bus pull away that the ZDF may have been happy to let them go in first and take the hit, clearing the way for their fire crews to safely approach. Heat tries to get Prophetess to give them some money, which she seems uninterested in, but Cat is very grateful for their assistance, and tells them she owes them one. The bar is badly damaged, and there are a decent number of injuries but no deaths, which she attributes at least partially to the team’s quick arrival on scene.

They think about this, and realize that all of this seems like a series of traps for them. It also makes them wonder if it was indeed the Black Lodge behind PPJ’s death, or if that was merely a false flag to draw them out of cover to a known location from which they could be tracked. Or their enemies might have picked up their trail at the site of Stiletto’s kidnapping- she is still unreachable. They head to Otters’ safehouse in the Hub, as the party bus can’t leave the district. The rest of the team hasn’t been here before, as this has been Otters’ “clean” spot, and is amused to see a crawler drone with a commlink mounted on it driving around randomly with Otter’s best fake SIN broadcasting, to give her a data trail at the home.

The unload all their gear, including a bunch of salvaged van parts, and crash out for the night. In the morning, they decide they should pass PPJ’s body along to Darien Black, and Echo delivers the news. He, as per usual, conceals his feelings well, but says he will give PPJ a further examination and also an appropriate burial. The team surmises that regardless of who exactly killed him, they have come under attack from the NS/Dis/MCT alliance that they have been investigating and working against. Black gets back to them a bit later and tells them he has found a message PPJ left for the team, and sends it along. They notice he also looks to be healing from recent wounds, and wonder if he came under attack as well.

Aradia calls up Trinket to check on the Paradise Lost mall, and finds they came under attack from some of the disturbing flesh scrap chimeras the team had seen out in Co Springs. Even worse, the attackers had some kind of strange ability to nullify both TM’s and mages, with some of the defenders still unconscious from the effects. However, they managed to hold the line, and Otters’ VTOL also survived (the thing she was most concerned with there). The team worries that this is either Vishala’s weapons in use or some of the new Akyromancy they’ve heard of being developed by the NS allies, the Freedom Network. They check some other news sites, and find that what is being labelled publicly as a day of “heavy crime activity” seems to have been a system of attacks on runners and allies all over town.

Unfortunately, GW seems to have turned this quickly to his advantage, using civilian fears to justify further ZDF recruitment and expansion, and sending out one of his irregular broadcasts that his is the path to safety and prosperity. Enough people are afraid enough that this seems to be working. However, he was good to his word to let the team in and out of the scene/Hub freely, so tbd on how exactly they all feel about him. Regardless, it seems like the enemy alliance made a major move, which only failed to the extent that it did due to a lack of coordination amongst their opponents- they assume the under-inspired spirits may have been an AZT contribution, doing their part without over-committing based on their somewhat tenuous current position, while the NS and MCT’s parts were more obvious, and it seems like the Chimeras were mostly kept to low-surveillance areas (Warrens etc).

They finally watch PPJ’s video, which is an “in case of my death…” testimonial about his recent activities. He has been working against the enemy alliance on the Mile High Realm hyper-planes, as well as continuing to build up the local alliance against them. He tells the team that he was working to set up a big “shadow meeting”, having read of their importance in the team file from Chicago and Detroit, and gives them a number to call to get updated details if they want to participate, which he hopes they will. He also sends them a good chunk of change, as partial payment to encourage them to “do the right thing.” They all agree, and call the number, getting Louis Belaran from the ASPS on the other end, who also gives them a small token payment to come to the meeting and act as additional security, and contribute what they can.

They meet at the DocWagon hospital where they know there is a secret street clinic, and take a larger Osprey VTOL from the pad on the roof. As well as Belaran, they are surprised to see Ersatz, the Refugee, accompanying them as well. They are deeply folded into their hoodie again, but nod and wave to those they recognize on the team, and the team sees the tracker/blocker cuffs have been removed, though some healed scars are still visible on Ersatz’ wrists. They fly southwest of the Hub and drop off on top of a smallish, barren-looking mesa, where they are ushered into a magically, thermally, and optically concealed large hide tent.

Inside they find it is set up as a near-complete Faraday, with a massive magical barrier (along with the illusions) maintained by a trio of Shoshone shamans in concert with some allied spirits. They find a pretty remarkable cast of characters- it seems like PPJ’s organizing, along with yesterday’s attacks, have gotten everyone to take this seriously. Perri is there with some other Nexus TM’s (though the team detects an absence of anyone from the pro-Prot0 faction), and with some Sprites, are maintaining Resonance comms with the outside world. They also brought some holo-projectors for attendees who couldn’t make it in person, including Le Masque, who seems happy to see that the team made it, but won’t confirm his current location.

Kangee Ohanzee is there, along with The Collector and Silk. Reps for The Veil and the Hearts of Zebulon are present, with Hypnalia and Belarand repping the ASPS. Darien Black makes a late entry, perhaps having received a message of his own from PPJ. Mr. K is there for Grey Cell (with Stiletto still missing), and Alexis Glimmerscale for the Draco Foundation/COTD. Arcane is present along with his former team-mate Cat, still recovering from her burns and smoke inhalation but looking angry. Last but not least, the team’s runner friends Magnum and Goldsmoke are also there, seeming to have hired on as additional security as well. With everyone arrived, or at least a good enough selection of everyone, they get down to biz.

The Collector mostly leads the meeting, though with frequent interjections from others, as he skillfully defers to those with more knowledge and expertise when appropriate while keeping everything moving.The team gains a little new info- apparently the enemy alliance has been setting up some strange devices on the MHR, which is one of the things PPJ was looking into when he vanished- some here are distressed to be hearing of his death for the first time, as he seems known to most if not all of them, if not always liked well due to his occasionally strident nature. Most of the info shared is either from jobs the team worked for various Johnsons present, along with info Stiletto passed along to her GC contacts before she also disappeared.

The meeting mostly consists of getting everyone up to speed on what everyone else knows, with many disturbed and horrified at the scale of the revelations. The team gets the feeling that PPJ spent a lot of effort and social capital/favors etc getting everyone to attend, but now that they’re here everyone is contributing, as some are realizing for the first time just how dire the threat could be, especially given Stiletto and the team’s info around the Auditor’s body smuggling activities, and announcement of a forthcoming “test”. As the briefing is wrapping up, Perri alerts everyone that their enemies are on the move, so they need to get going, and the gathered group makes a proposal- they need some runner volunteers to head to the MHR and try to deal with the enemy’s “devices”.

Heat clarifies that these will be paid volunteers, and then the team eagerly joins in, alongside another runner present at the meeting. They are given a series of valuable tools and artifacts by those present to help them on their quest. Cat gives each a magical ticket to the “Denver Railway”, and instructs them to make sure not the lose them, as they will allow safe-ish astral train travel between the hyper-planes of the MHR. Arcane gives them his best attempt at a diagram of the enemy “devices” that he thinks should help in disarming them, based on his studies and the descriptions he has heard. He tells them they will require a combo of tech, magic, and matrix manipulation to safely disable, so he thinks the team is uniquely suited to the task.

Mr. K gives them 7 tuning forks made of an unfamiliar alloy, which he says should help with aetheric realignment and stabilization while shutting down the devices. Le Masque calls them over, and in hushed tones offers them a Sunstone, a powerful (“positive”) blood magic artifact that has miraculous healing powers in the moment, as the cost of one’s longevity in the longterm. He explains it’s use, and confirms that involuntarily given blood cannot activate it. The team knows PPJ would have hated this, but recognizes it’s extreme utility, and takes it. Ersatz hands over a Metaplanar Oculus, which they explain will allow for various modes of perception. Otters is barely able to contain her excitement, and takes it carefully instead of snatching it from Ersatz’ hands, peering through it and delighted to see strange shapes, colors and vibes that seem to be visualizations of various auras, though she can’t yet make sense of them.

Lastly, Perri supplies 6 custom built data chips, containing a program partially devised from Vishala’s research, though without the Sprite torture, that should help the team gain control of the devices when they find them. With this, they are as equipped and prepared as those gathered can make them, and they negotiate for a hefty payday, including some optional bonuses, with Heat really knocking it out of the park on this one, with the rest of the team assisting. They prepare to depart, not. having much further prep to do beyond grabbing their gear and heading back to Arcane’s for the initial transit.

Aradia also hears from Kobold that she is having to go into hiding for a while as well, as she tipped something off while doing some digging for Aradia. She managed to get clear for now but is worried she was followed. Her lead is that MCT seems to be doing a lot of local operations through a holding company called “Shibata Consulting”. Aradia makes note for later. Otters also checks in on the Proletariat drone, and finds it’s been taken over by the Null. It sends them disturbing videos of itself making their beds, checking itself out in mirrors, etc at the former safehouse before Otters blocks the number.

RIPPJ
1/6/2025, 4:57:48 PM
Runners
Otters aka Roadkill
Heat
Aradia
Echo
Ruxpin

The team gets to work acquiring gear and doing the recon to raid the secret MCT-funded lab that is continuing Vishala’s work. They do some drone, matrix and astral surveillance of the decommissioned sewage treatment plant that Le Masque gave them the address to, and find that it fits the bill – evidence of toxic magic corruption and some Dissonance energy, though well-concealed, as the bulk of the facility is underground. Aradia manages to find an alternate entrance via a nasty sewage drainage pipe into a large nearby lake, which is also slowly being corrupted by the (now untreated) outflow. They spot some guards in defensive positions near the main entrance, though they look like local hires rather than corpsec, so plan to sneak in the back.

Aradia and Echo do some local social intel gathering and find out the guards are probably some ex-UCAS military National Guard who got left behind during the “Great Reclamation” and do freelance corpsec as a unit since. They also get some good rumors of the condition of the former treatment plant, stability of the sewers, and potential threats they might encounter in there. Heat does some matrix scouring and finds some urban exploration videos where people have explored the plant a bit, but none within the last few weeks and it looks like a few prominent posters went dark around then as well- so someone seems to be onsite and taking security seriously.

They either upgrade their weapons or get new gear to deal with the chemical hazards they expect to encounter, and Otters stocks up on some explosives at Sapper Daddy, using her chemistry knowledge and Heat’s research to make a plan to use sewage and chemicals stored onsite to maximize the damage to the facility. They head in, with Heat looping the lone camera covering the sewer pipe entrance. With all their research, they avoid some pitfalls and stay away from sketchy areas as they navigate in, with Otters setting a charge on the way to blow the tunnel after they escape (hopefully) and keep the lake from getting more polluted.

They reach the plant and find it dilapidated and dangerous, with leaking storage tanks all around the massive underground facility. Luckily, the activity is concentrated on the far end nearer the main entrance, and Heat is easily able to bypass the sensors nearer them. As Otters sends some drones forward to scout more, Aradia also projects up and gets a good look at the number of guards and the facility they’ve set up. Between the two of them and Ruxpin, who hops up on a nearby tank for a sniper post, they get a good idea of what’s going on, It looks like the guards are all keeping an eye on one of the larger tanks, which looks to have been converted to a two-chamber lab, each half manufacturing one of the terrible spirit/sprite torture devices.

They already have some stashed in sealed cases, and lots more cases to make more. However, they also have some stacked body-bags, 3 of them filled, so the effort has not been without cost. Two adepts patrol outside the tank along with the hired guards, and two decker/riggers also keep an eye on things through a hard port from an exterior couch and deck. The mana around the tank is so bad that noone is assensing though, so Aradia feels safe to take a thorough look (through the bad background count) and thinks she can make good use of her spells, at least until people get close. They can’t find any definitive/obvious proof that this is MCT, which reminds them of the money cow and blimp set-ups also. MCT seems good at keeping hard proof of their involvement away from people seeking it.

Aradia returns and makes Otters and Echo invisible, allowing them to plant a first charge near where they are on an explosive tank, and another one halfway across the room. Ruxpin covers their advance while Heat keeps sensors from noticing. Otters also positions her stealthed Lynx on the ceiling to cover as well. Echo hangs back at the halfway point as Otters sneaks forward, offering some words of encouragement as her invisibility fades due to the heavy background count. She manages to get the last charge planted just as Le Guide launches his planned distraction attack with missiles at the front entrance. Ruxpin and Echo start blasting some drones and one of the riggers who respond and almost catch Otters, and get in a hazardous gunfight with the guards that didn’t rush to the front, fleeing amidst explosive tanks as Otters also makes her retreat.

Echo gets hit pretty bad a few times, but manages to haul Otters along so she can go hot into the Lynx and lay down some punishing suppressing fire towards the guards with the HMG. They all fall back, and clear the sewer pipe just before their timed charges go off, and it blows big- they can see fire plumes over in the developed part of Brighton, which they didn’t figure out how to disconnect from the old sewer system. They head to Horse Trot Ranch, using back roads to avoid any responders from local MCT facilities they researched ahead of time, and lay low off-grid for the night.

In the morning, they find that there were a fair amount of injuries and infrastructure damage in Brighton, but not a total disaster, so Aradia throws some money in to recovery funds and they report into Le Masque, who pays up and slides them all fresh SINs as a bonus, as he says he has to skip town for a while since he imagines his corporate bosses will not be thrilled with his vengeful course of action here. He tells them to look him up if they find themselves in France someday, and they part ways. They also hear that Prot0 apparently has already used the Discidium weapon at least once, triggering some kind of cascading Foundation host failure in a corp manufacturing district in the Canton Confederation.

This has sparked an aggressive flame war on the Nexus, with Perri, Cloudmaster and some other “institutionalists” worried about the repercussions in a variety of senses, while other more “insurrectionary” types are excited at Prot0 and his allies striking a blow against those who would/have harmed TM’s. Heat tries to makes peace but seems to make noone happy in the moment. Heat also hears that GW has finished construction of the Temple of the Ancient Way, and gets a final peace offering from Prophetess to help clear his name with GOD in exchange for continuing to help repair the GW/Nexus relationship. He finally agrees, and passes along all the intel the team has on Leanna Octave and the Metal Maniacs/Chrome Domes/Ex-Machina.

They do some local digging with contacts- smugglers, runners, safehouse masters etc, and eventually make a deal with the Underground fixer Doublewide to trade some rare food or drink for intel. Echo grabs their bottle of bartered ZeCorp “wine” and they head down. They are brought to his chamber by a large, seemingly intelligent, rat, which the team assumes is the Rat King emissary that PPJ brought back from ZeCorp some time ago. They find Doublewide still ensconsed at his large table in a too-small chamber, eating excitedly from a massive spread.

Echo approaches and politely presents the odd vintage, and Doublewide shares shots with the team, including the rat for a taste of it’s home. He seems to appreciate Echo’s social skills, and they bond a bit, with Echo offering future culinary oddities for info trade. Doublewide passes along the intel they seek- he did hide Octave and her gear, for a time, but she has long since decamped for the EhtioMalian terrotories, interested in the advanced cyber-clinics that are common there. They thank him, exit, and pass along this intel as well, and Heat’s name is finally cleared.

Prophetess also shares him with (as a recruiting enticement for him or others) that GW possesses a Sliver Book (which the team has heard) that can cause TM’s to Emerge (which is mind-blowing new info). She says that the last entity that was known to have this power was Deus, the mad AI, so they want to keep it on the DL a bit, but she trusts Heat to only tell worthy applicants. They say their goodbyes for now, and Heat gets another call, from a somewhat stressed Richie Macey, asking for help deciding between Horizon and Silversound records- he has to make a choice ASAP!

Heat, almost without pause, sends him to Silversound, which seems to surprise and impress Johnny, and causes a bit of a music scene news kerfluffle, based on the rarity of Horizon losing out on deals. The team then hears from Arcane, who is distressed to report that someone has delivered a box containing Pepperjack’s dissected remains to his office. PPJ’s bod is in pieces, and the blood has been drained, but there are four arms, so they think it is “their” version. Also, disturbingly, both his Crystal implants are missing. The team begins to speculate as to who could be after them, while Arcane warns them to watch their backs……

Like A Dagger or a Shoe
12/30/2024, 9:12:18 PM
Runners
Otters aka Roadkill
Heat
Aradia
Echo
Ruxpin

As the team is still processing the distressing news about the capabilities of the Discidium weapon, and The Collector and Kangee Ohanzee are debating next steps to try to keep Prot0 from using it, Ruxpin interrupts to inquire with them about what’s going on with all his missing team-mates returning as Chimera. This gets their attention (briefly) diverted, and they share some intel, and promise to keep an eye out for more of his team popping up, and Ruxpin says he’ll do the same, with both sides agreeing to share intel if/when. With that, TC and KO both take their leave to deal with this new issue, and Arcane also says his goodbyes for the time being.

Otters drives the van down remotely to pick them up again, while they talk through some of what they just experienced on the metaplanes. They also bemoan StepMAMA’s absence, and promote the completely unemotional, all biz Paris (Echo’s Agent program) to her former role keeping an eye on the TacNet and their WAN. Perri updates them with some of her write-ups of the UnITy data they helped develop and prove, and puts Heat’s name in the research credit area as requested. She says that Celedyr has gotten onboard with the theory and will be promoting it alongside her launching it on various shadow forums. They also hear about some kind of massive AZT corporate breach- apparently McClure delivered on his promise of some backdoors and access, but AZT has been coming down hard on shadow forums, mods, hackers and the like since.

Perri also tells them that the Nexus has been funding runs to try to backtrace the Null to their homeworld after their recent attack on the Nexus, but that these runs have proven to be very dangerous and often lethal for TM’s and AI/EI’s, so they’ve turned to mostly using standard deckers, who the Null seem to view more like odd curiosities that major threats, if they don’t aggro the Null. Aradia gets the word out through Dean Costello of high-paying, high-risk missions for interested deckers, to help recruit additional help. Perri says she and Arcane have also been wanting to try to figure out how to get to Dis as well as wherever the Null come from, but that this will likely take longer to set up, but that they hope the team will be interested in the job when it’s ready.

Heat finally gets to do a write-up to get on Jackpoint, with T3chK1d (who seems a little world-wearier than his youthful appearance would suggest) providing the necessary reference. Heat focuses on the team’s time in Caelum (leaving out the weapon details and how exactly they arrived), alongside their transit to The Grey Lands and details on that place, partially to warn anyone else who finds themselves in Caelum. He gets his provisional membership, and a lot of interested inquiries, though he’s careful not to double sell any intel or mention Vhortas. They all load in the van once it finally arrives, and head back the safehouse to rest.

The next morning, they get a message from Stiletto, requesting a meet in the Aurora Warrens. This one seems NOT to be a trap, so they go, and meet her near to the Paradise Lost mall/zone. She tells them she got some critical intel that The Auditor is hosting a meeting with some corpo head honchos, involving some kind of tech demo. She knows the location and time, but not who will be there or what will be discussed or demonstrated, and wants to find out. So she wants to hire the team to get her in and help surveil the thing. They agree, and gear up at the mall shops nearby to get ready.

Otters flies Morticia down to get an initial overview, and sees that Stiletto’s intel looks good- there’s definitely some activity on the long-abandoned USAF academy campus, with a lot of movement centered on one of the more intact buildings. There are 4 sniper teams with good LOS covering the interior of the campus as well as all the obvious approaches, and a mini-drone aerial perimeter. The ground has also been made more hostile by releasing a large amount of Ethereal Centipedes, which as part of their toxins force their victims to Assense, making them very magically visible. The centipedes are kept from the busy area by some chemicals circling the structure.

Without being able to get a good visual inside the main structure, they plan to infiltrate on foot as well. Ruxpin and Echo will take out one sniper team and pose as them, with Heat looping or faking their comms and sensors as needed. Then, Heat, Aradia, and Stiletto will infiltrate the main building, with support from Otters via micro-drone, and attempt to figure out what’s going on. Aradia spends some time magically and physically disguising Ruxpin and Echo to match the sniper team they’ll be replacing, and Ruxpin sneaks in on foot with a masked invisibility spell on, while Echo gets dropped down via VTOL by Otters.

Echo blasts the spotter, dropping them in a single shot, as Ruxpin punches the sniper. Unfortunately, he is in human form and his blow doesn’t hit as hard as hoped, but he manages to get a shot off and finish off the sniper before he can call for aid. Echo quickly data-taps the spotter, with Heat diving in to swap in Echo and Ruxpin’s bio-monitor signals and monitor for any suspicion. Ruxpin and Echo hide the bodies and take up the positions, keeping an eye on things. They get a better view of the main building as well, and spot some guard patrols in the upper levels, helping Otters time VTOL drop-offs to get the other team in place without getting spotted.

That team sneaks down a few flights with the sniper team spotting for them, and Heat masking all their comms traffic. Heat uses his newest SkillSoft to pick a newly upgraded lock with Aradia’s aid, and they loose the drones into the main level. Otters spots some good hiding spots for the 3 inside team members in a nearby loading bay, so they stage there while the drones advance. They watch the feed, horrified to see a large collection of the stasis pods that they’ve seen before, almost all full and labelled as to the “quality” of the contents- mages, TM’s, SURGEd individuals, ghouls, vamps, etc- a wide sampling of different types of person, mostly with some special ability or other, though not all.

in an adjacent room, some techs are setting up some devices and running hardwire cables to and fro. No sign of the corpos or the Auditor yet, but Otters almost loses signal when a jammer is switched on. She tries to drive closer to get better feed, but almost gets spotted by snipers and abandons the approach, focusing on what additional noise reduction she can do. The inside team see the Auditor lead the group of a dozen corpos out, all of whom are wearing digitizing disguise masks, though Heat is focusing on their gait, clothes etc- other tells that can give them away in future once analyzed. The Auditor and the lead tech talk the corpos through their wide selection of subjects, telling them “the devices are almost ready, and they expect a near 93% success rate” whatever ominous news that means.

However, the Auditor interrupts the proceedings to say that AZT hasn’t held up their end of the bargain in terms of their security of information, and that an example must be made. After a subtle gesture, guards seize 3 of the corpos, one of who the team recognizes by his pretentious magic robe as Cehaulli, their AZT contact from Detroit. The three seized AZT reps, screaming their protests, are forced into stasis tubes and forcibly sedated, leaving them with horrifying rictus expression as the lids are lowered back over. With that done, the Auditor turns back the crowd, but this seems to have been enough for Stiletto, as she starts conjuring a fireball in her hands before Heat can stop her.

The Auditor looks up in their direction, seemingly detecting magic, and Otters and the snipers decide it’s distraction time. Otters watches on the drone feed as the Auditor calls for a fresh security sweep, and then promptly fries the drones with some kind of massive spell. Otters also suppressive fires one of the sniper nests, while Ruxpin starts picking off some of the others, with Echo on the comms posing as the spotter trying to sow chaos by claiming the other sniper’s that they are shooting at are imposters. This works for a moment, allowing Otters to VTOL two of the inside team back out, but then the other guards start verifying with code-phrases that Echo doesn’t know.

At this point they decide to bail, as Otters races the van around to grab them and flies the VTOL back in for one last pickup. Ruxpin and Echo replace the dead sniper team, hoping that will add a little more chaos, and dive into the van, as Otters cuts through the overgrown campus. They watch via Morticia’s overhead feed as a bunch of horrifying stitched-together Chimera are unleashed on the campus from some underground holding area, and start spreading. Picking up the 2 inside team members, they race away, with Morticia and the VTOL overhead, carrying the last member out- Heat, who insisted that “Creep” get out first, when he meant Aradia.

They make good their escape, and debrief with Stiletto, passing over the surveillance files. She apologizes for almost blowing it, but seemed to really want to take out some of those people when she could. She agrees getting the data out was the better move. She also confirms that the AZT data breach revealed some intel about their dealings with Dis, implying there’s an internal corp struggle going on. They assume that what they saw was a response or part of that then, but wonder what these devices are, and why they seem to run on metahuman batteries. Stiletto takes her leave and splits, saying she’ll be in touch when she has more for them, but not before arranging to ship a new prototype Grey Cell weapon to Ruxpin- a power first that can enhance his punches.

The team heads back to the safehouse, where Aradia gets a worried call from Kobold, who says she got a weird emergency message from Simonetta Chandra, and passes it along. It’s a video feed of Chandra racing down some kind of corp facility hallway while yelling at Aradia asking her “what has she brought them”, while occasional glimpses over her shoulder show what they thought was a child, the lone survivor or the missing AZT town, punching through CorpSec guards and gaining on Chandra until the feed cuts off in a splash of viscera. The kid definitely looks like the one they passed along to her, and Kobold confirms that the message looks to have been recorded around the same time the Auditor seized the other reps- so it looks like one faction may be cleaning out the other within AZT. Aradia calls Juan Xiuhuitl in Chicago to warn him to keep his head down, but loyal corp soldier that he is, he says if there are purges he is sure they are necessary, though he seems to appreciate the warning, and offers Aradia more work should she ever find herself back in the Windy City.

They rest, fitfully, and awaken to a visibly distraught and perhaps drunk, definitely crying Le Masque, who says that he wishes to hire them for some revenge. After some inquiries, the team uncovers that he appears to have been Cehualli’s lover, and somehow got news of his demise, and now wants to go after the best target he has for those responsible- a factory MCT set up to make more of Vishala’s horrifying Spirit/Sprite torture weapons. He has the location and says he’ll give the team the day to scout it out and make a plan before it’s time to go in. Heat isn’t happy with his negotiation on this one, but they all agree, and agree that these dangerous weapons must be stopped. Echo orders some heavier armor in preparation, and the rest of them check their weapons and ammo and get ready to go surveilling.

Place of Clouds to Zecorporatum to Denver
12/23/2024, 12:39:48 PM
Runners
Otters aka Roadkill
Heat
Aradia
Echo
Ruxpin

The team heads to Wuxing’s facility, and Aradia is delighted to encounter her old friend from the Battle of Chicago, Lu Wendao. He takes them to a private meeting room, where they make a deal to receive lodging, food and use of Wuxing’s portal to send the data packet they received from Aubrey Carter to Ellis, along with a short explanation Aradia writes up. Wendao tells them that Wuxing isn’t yet able to transit large quantities of people and materiel, but is very interested in learning from the Great Portal to expand their abilities in that realm. Echo tries to plant the idea that having a big, open, stable portal anywhere on Earth is a deadly invasion risk, but Wendao is not yet dissuaded.

In exchange, the team hands over one of the samples of strange rock that Heat and Otters collected from the ziggurat, as well as their mapping data and intel from Vhortas, with no info about how they came to be there. Wendao is delighted at the trade, and hosts them to a lovely Cantonese- style dinner with some astral ingredient substitutes. They sleep well, and the next day head to Horizon’s hotel/office, a combo of local and imported materials made to impress. After baldly describing their purpose to an overly friendly receptionist, they are quickly ushered back to the office of one Mx. Maud, seemingly another Dawkins Group operative.

They seem to know of Heat and Hype’s relationship, and perhaps viewing Heat as an ally of a rival is fairly dismissive of him. However, Echo and Aradia smooth things over and the team makes a deal to get access to a customized airship through Horizon to use for their job, in exchange for doing a celebrity escort mission to Horizon Resort Island on the way. Otters excitedly presents her plans to Mx. Maud, who says they will need about a day to mod one of their ships to suit. The team kills time around the Spire, with many watching the airship modification at the docks, a fascinating process. Their new ship, freshly christened the “No Strings Attached”, seems to be of the classic livewood airship stlye, rather than some of the manta ray/turtle, or other forms they see.

Hopping aboard once it’s ready, Otters straps into the “captain’s coffin”, the closest the dock carpenters could get to a rigger cocoon on short notice, and gets a feel for the rigging. It seems to operate on a combination of the principles of air and sea travel, which she it luckily well versed in. Heat loads up the barbed harpoon in the ballista, and they take aboard their VIP- a celebrity runner named Starstike, whose popular streaming channel Otters is mildly familiar with. Heat knows that Horizon is trying to recruit SS and others like him, and assumes this is kind of a co-production PR event to try to get him to sign on.

They all quickly find him pretty annoying, and Ruxpin ducks below deck and swaps back to human form, with SS disappointed that the bear he saw seems to have been dock crew and not ship crew. Echo gets some masks and costumes for the team at the Horizon tourist shop, along with a captain’s tricorn and epaulets for Otters to wear in the coffin. SS has a support crew along with- a rigger running cam drones, who the team tries to avoid, though SS assures them dismissively that any identifying details will be edited out. There is also a woman running hair and makeup, doing quick touchups between shots, a lawyer/manager type in a slick suit, and a subtle bodyguard who smoothly blends into the background and also avoids the camdrones.

The manager tries to get the team to sign some stuff, but when they refuse until it it reviewed by their lawyer he notarizes it anyway and says asking was a formality since they are aboard corporate property of their own free will. They get under way, not especially happy about who they’re carrying. Ruxpin mostly stays below and out of sight, and the trip goes smoothly. They arrive at Horizon Resort Island to find that the promo images at the hotel are more aspirational than realistic in terms of the current state of construction. SS seems delighted at the opportunity to rough it for a while, while most of the rest of his crew seems distressed at the unexpectedly non-indoors condition of much of the visible space. That said, it’s a beautiful island, and SS eagerly strikes out, avoiding the marked paths and head straight into dense jungle to make his way overland to the reverse waterfall he’s heard tell of.

With the rest of his crew following somewhat morosely, the team shouts that they’ll be back in a day or two for pickup, and heads out. They begin flying a perimeter while keeping an eye out, looking for the style of mining vessel they were told to expect, hoping to spot and intercept them before they get into the protected space near to the Spire. They do eventually see the ship after a while searching, it seems to be skirting the edge of the Great Storm. As the approach, with Aradia magically camouflaging their vessel to appear like an unarmed trading ship, they see that the crew of 7 looks a bit stressed and seems to be trying to hurry the ship along with some magical wind.

As they begin to approach, hoping their cover will hold long enough to start a conversation, they see one of the Dis Seeker ships emerge from the storm, seemingly ignoring the heavy winds and moving solely under magical power. One of the massive dino/drake Chimera leaps aboard the former MCT mining ship and tears the mage filling the sails in two, tossing the chunks overboard. Another Chimera, this one looking like some sort of human/bird hybrid, also flaps over, and bites one of the toughs on the mining ship, inflicting some kind of deadly poison. As Ruxpin scopes in on the targets, and Otters races the ship forward to get in range, Ruxpin sees that this second Chimera is another missing member of his squad!!

He takes the shot after Heat tells him to, and badly injures his altered former friend. The Dis ship takes a shot with some kind of keel-mounted beam weapon that Otters barely avoids, and Otters returns fire with the cannon, missing the Dis ship and badly damaging the miner’s vessel. She also manages to damage the larger chimera in another explosion, though the mining vessel is further damaged as well. Heat gets the barbed bolt lodged into the mining vessel as well, and some rat/child Chimera leap over from the Dis ship and start racing up the rope towards the NSA.

As the defenders on the mining ship are obviously out-matched, Ruxpin snipes the larger chimera, damaging it further, but also sees his old squad-mate poison another tough, as the big Chimera tosses another overboard. The 2nd mage on the ship also shrivels and dies- there is likely at least one mage on the Disian vessel. Heat, desperate to get something from this encounter, touchlinks to the mining vessel through the metal lined harpoon cable, and tells the rigger to flee to the NSA for safety and giver over control of their ship. The rigger briefly tries to negotiate before seeing how badly the tides have turned and calling the abandon ship.

He starts fleeing up the harpoon line as well, with Echo blasting the two rat/child chimera off with his shotgun. Otters fails to dodge the next shot from the Disians and takes some massive damage, with a hold clean through the hull. Aradia provides some leadership to all involved, and levitates the rigger to help, while the rigger leaves most of his drones behind to cover his escape. Unfortunately, the last tough is also left behind, unable to break free. Otters finally gets a hit on the Disian ship, but the explosion destroys the miner’s vessel, which starts coming apart in the sky and slowly dropping bits and cargo. Ruxpin yanks the harpoon free as the rigger hangs on desperately, assisted by levitation, and Heat and Ruxpin start hauling him in.

Seeing that the Disian ship is retreating into the clouds of the Great Storm again, and seemingly magically pulling the spilled cargo towards them, Otters decides to run for it, and books it, using some nearby islands as cover as Aradia magically changes the ship’s appearance again. The rigger, Artur Carolina, urges them to set down and helps Otters do some repairs on the badly damaged vessel, getting it functionally restored, though still without armor. Meanwhile, the rest of the team pulls a sneaky con, with Heat editing the footage of the battle to insert Starstrike into all the heroic moments, and putting together a data packet to send to Mx. Maud to hopefully get the team off the hook for damage to the ship. Echo and Aradia focus on tailoring the message to MM based on their interactions and observations, and they feel like they have a pretty good package by the time the ship is patched.

They head back to Horizon Island, and pick up the VIP and crew. SS seems delighted by his adventures and sight-seeing, while the crew looks half-feral from their day and night in the jungle, and very relieved to see the ship return, aside from the bodyguard, who looks smooth and unblemished and slips aboard without comment. Otters does some fine flying, giving the cam drones something to look at, while SS poses in front of various stunning vistas. Meanwhile, Ruxpin and Artur stay below and out of sight, with Artur using his last few micro-drones to keep an eye above-decks.

As they approach the Spire, they see a damaged Dis Seeker docked, which looks like it could be the one they encountered. Artur suggests they send their conned data from here, pass pilot controls to SS’ rigger, and get out of here via his backup plan exit. The team agrees, and Aradia gets an offer to work as a producer for Horizon based on how well she sells the reel they send. The surprised cam drone rigger takes control of the ship as the team all head belowdecks, with SS bidding them farewell and seemingly thrilled to see where his tour of the metaplanes takes him next. Artur pulls out a strange Tarot card- it seems like one of the alt decks version of the World, aka The Awakened World in the 6WT.

Having seen this used before, the team is able to gently help Artur activate it correctly without revealing how much they know about Tarot, and they choose to make a door back to Prime Software in Zecorp, wanting to finish their biz there and see if Heat’s moto is intact. They step through and find themselves back in the lab there, amidst some very surprised scientists and guards. They insist on a meeting with Salazar, who quickly arrives. They get the feeling he may have been planning to ambush them on their return but gave up when they were gone much longer than expected- it seems they wouldn’t be the first team lost to Caelum.

They pass over the shittier digital weapons that Scriniarii gave them, which Salazar seems a little non-plussed by, but he signals to the guards to let them go, since without an ambush this would be too messy. They head outside and Heat finds his bike both stripped of parts and fully shifted to the local paradigm. Not wanting to deal with it further and a little sad, he tosses the key fob to a surprised Salazar, who delegates some of his minions to haul it inside, seemingly a little disgusted. The team heads back to Barkins’ office, and finds Kenda de Santos awaiting them there. She takes possession of Artur, promising him safety from corp/Dis retribution in exchange for his info. She also tells the team they have earned more favor with Grey Cell, and they will have further work soon.

They exit, and the team is surprised as Prot0 enters. He asks for his copy of the Discidium, which after some suspicion and back and forth, they agree to provide so long as stays with them until they meet with The Collector and pass his copy along. Prot0 and Heat tagteam decrypting it, which turns out to be good as it was quite difficult. Prot0 gets his copy and seems content, but in a hurry to return to the material plane. Heat first pays Barkins to stay on retainer for future lawyerly needs, and they all turn over the documents that Starstike’s lawyer wanted them to sign, which seem like common indemnity waivers, and Barkins tells them not to worry.

They head out into the street, where Prot0 hops into his stealthed spider tank drone, and they get Arcane’s plant cat to blip over and get him to open the portal. He does so, and they exit into some abandoned building in the southern/rural FRFZ. Prot0 quickly takes off as they get their bearings, finding Arcane there along with The Collector, and a colleague he introduces as Kangee Ohanzee, who is delighted to see that his contact Ruxpin is working out well with the team. Ruxpin makes introductions and vouches for Ohanzee, with TC eagerly examining the Discidium. He reports back and confirms some of Heat’s worries- while this is a matrix weapon that could likely effect the Null, it might be too powerful, and could possibly destroy Foundation Hosts or sever them from the Foundation, and the effect might not be contained and could even be contagious.

Given that, it requires further study and may be too dangerous to use, with the risk of collateral damage. The team interjects here, telling TC that they also gave a copy to Prot0, which he isn’t happy about, but he says it’s done and they’ll have to deal with it. He pays up, and congratulates them on a strange and hard mission, as he heads out to do some crisis management. Ruxpin catches him and Ohanzee before they all take off though, as he wants to discuss what it means that his team seems to have been turned into Chimera….

Caelum to the Grey Lands to Vhortas to the Place of Clouds
12/16/2024, 2:12:03 PM
Runners
Otters aka Roadkill
Heat
Aradia
Echo
Ruxpin

With the Discidium (as well as the lesser distraction weapons for Prime Software) in hand, the team prepares to head out for Zecorporatum. Scriniarii seems interested in their offer of ongoing information exchanges, and StepMAMA announces that she is going to remain behind, embodied, for a while, in order to continue learning and researching, as well as experimenting with having a physical body. After some thorough questioning by Heat and Echo confirms that she seems to be making the choice of her own free will and isn’t being delusional about potential risks, they say their goodbyes for now, with her promising to return before long, as she has both the team and her other matrix friends and allies to consider.

The team leaves her behind once Echo retrieves Paris, finding them a little more powerful of an Agent than before, but not having experienced an Emergence. StepMAMA goes back over the Spark/Ei/etc as a refresher, and the team returns to Legatum to get “teleported” back to Zecorp. They strap into the chairs, and as the machine fires up and they are overwhelmed by the lights flashing on them, they hear Legatum apologizing, but saying that it cannot allow this weapon to be distributed. Apparently all of the disapproval they encountered in their search for it has some consequences after all! As they flash back into some other reality, they find themselves in a shoddier, crumbling dome, which seems to have further cracked and fallen apart with the shock of their arrival.

Unstrapping, they do a quick recce. Aradia finds that this world is magically dead, again, but more like a mana void than like Caelum’s strange absence of all biologicals. She checks and confirms with Echo and Ruxpin that their magic is also offline still. Heat manages to spot some distant electronic communications, and feels like he gains access to some TM abilities as he begins to almost understand them- they seem to share some familiarity with Earth tech, but have evolved along some kind of branching path from a common ancestor. Otters is unable to connect to it, so once again the Noosphere seems proven. They don’t seem to be in Zecorp, for sure, and Ruxpin spots the glow of lights of two different cities, one a little larger than the other.

Aradia also finds some expended canisters of some sort hardwired into the dome’s exterior. A bunch of the circuits and tech look jury-rigged and now thoroughly fried, and the canisters all look empty. Confirming with the team that these seem not dissimilar in function/intent of use to the manavoltaic rods they encountered in Denver, they assume that one or more of these rods provided the magical charge to the device that allowed them to travel here from the non-magical land of Caelum, but that either just through use or possibly because of the mana void, this has permanently damaged the machine and drained all the energy, so even if they knew how to work it, they have no way to power it to try to get home (or at least to Zecorp).

As they walk, Aradia and Ruxpin spot some dug up areas, and with some further investigation, they identify these as open pit mines that seem to have extracted Fovaeum, aka Void Rock. This is the strange anti-magic substance that they first encountered on the Mile High Realm, as a threat delivered by Disian agents to local law enforcement, such as it is. Apparently this is the (or one of the) places it comes from, implying there is at least some way to get to and from here occasionally, and hopefully in addition to the path via which they arrived. As they continue, they see that the mining seems to be clustered around grid points, as if the Void Rock has some kind of oddly even distribution, which could explain the dangerous mana void vibes in the astral.

The whole place seems grey, washed out, and despondent. The team all notices their ShadowCloaks getting a little more ragged, and Echo’s is gone entirely- uh-oh! The drones are also looking worse than ever- flesh embedded with smooth metal and plastic bits, turning a sickly grey. They embark towards the smaller city, with Echo deciding they’ll be likelier to be able to find useful intel/access to good contacts there. Heat starts to decipher some comms, and figures out that the 2 cities seem to be on the brink of a military engagement that neither side wants but also neither will back down from. Seeing a refugee column fleeing the rear of the city towards some nearby hills, they redirect towards that, not wanting to get caught in shelling in an unfamiliar city.

They also see an impressive array of surveillance and artillery devices, though once the tech seems kinda off- as if the material plane had split off around the time of the Awakening and developed further tech but without magic, nano, etc, in a state of constant war. Reaching the column, they find the expected civilians, but also patrols of camouflaged soldiers splitting off to set up pickets guarding the backline, and Commissars overseeing the whole effort, who they are quickly warned to avoid after talking to some of the people here. Oddly, everyone appears to be human- no metatypes, no obvious spirits, and Aradia is fairly sure spirits wouldn’t be able to survive here.

Ruxpin reluctantly allows Heat to ride him, with Otters already riding the Mule, to try to somewhat conceal the oddness of their party by posing as traveling entertainers caught up in the war against their will. Some of the old-timers and children are friendly enough but they get a lot of suspicious looks, but they do hear rumors that the caves they are headed to for shelter have some unsafe and mysterious deeper levels, which sounds promising as a potential planar transition points. Their only other lead is trying to find a crossing in the clouds to the Place of Clouds, but even with the looming grey sky weighing heavily on them, they can’t find any vertical elements of the terrain within sight to get them high enough. So they head underground.

In the rush for beds, chambers etc in the crudely carved hillside shelter system, they slip past the refugees and Commissars, and head deeper into the caves. Hearing some cries of dismay from behind them, Heat and Aradia decide to turn back to try to see what happened, but are quickly spotted, denounced as spies, and forced to flee back into the deeper tunnels, where it seems the people of this realm are unwilling to go. Aradia does feel some distant, sporadic shaking though, so it seems the shelling may have begun. Using Ruxpin’s nose and Heat’s knowledge of mazes, hard-learned at the Seelie Court, they navigate deeper, with Aradia finding that the magical suppression becomes less oppressive as they go.

Unfortunately as they navigate deeper in the pitch black cave system, Aradia’s nose ring starts to glow- bugs are about! Checking the walls more carefully, they find that they have gone from human-expanded cave, through natural cave, to bug-dug cave. Lacking other options, and feeling their magic return, even though it has a sickening twist to it, they continue on. This is especially necessary as Echo was starting to be effected by the despondency of the Grey Lands without their Cloak to protect them. The team is also getting dangerously low on supplies and needs to rest soon so they push on. They emerge into a large grotto, surrounded with tunnels inhabited by different species of bugs, their styles of nests and hives visible, all just barely expanding into the grotto but not filling it, oddly, given that bugs generally tend to swarm and expand as much as possible.

The magical members of the team hear some disturbing Whispers in their heads calling them to the tunnels, but it seems like all the different species overlapping creates enough cacophony that they are able to fend them off for now, but they are worried. Otters sends the fly spies ahead to scout, wanting to check out the odd structure in the center of the grotto- a massive tumbled stone temple, floating in a lake of ichor. The whole place has a sickly yellow/green tint, and the smell is appalling, a constant mix of death/rot/birth that nearly overwhelms Ruxpin, with his sensitive nose.

Otters spots signs of an ancient battle, using weaponry that looks like a historical version of the armaments they had seen aboveground, also back from around the time of the Awakening. There are also long rotted and desiccated insect corpses, which the team is surprised to see haven’t been consumed by the Hive. The team starts to speculate that perhaps the people aboveground were subject to an bug invasion (Invae-sion?) early in their magical cycle, and used such terrible weaponry in repelling it that they killed their world’s mana before it could get a firm hold, explaining why it seems to be so bleak and dying there. Whatever was used here could also explain why the bugs haven’t reused the space. Regardless, the temple seems enterable through some cracks in it’s upper tier, though it is upsettingly non-Euclidean- it has square corners, but the drones can only capture 3 faces of it on feeds.

Aradia levitates them team over in two groups, given the bad background count and not wanting to risk contacting the ichor, especially as Otters’ drones have reported both radiological spikes and a combo of poisonous and unknown chemicals and gasses emanating from various of the tunnels off the chamber. They enter, and find what seems to be a well-kept stash and resupply spot. Otters ID’s the gear as ARES spec, probably for an armor suit weapon system or an ALPHA, so not stuff they can use (including the unfamiliar MRE’s), but there’s a large padded bedroll, and whatever stone this temple is made of seems to block the Whispers to some degree, so they feel safe resting here. Aradia does psychometry on the bedroll to try to figure out who they may be dealing with and when they may return, while Echo uses their adept power to try to decipher the strange glyphs covering the interior walls.

Heat wants to explore the rest of the temple, but with Ruxpin unable to fit in bear form and Otters unwilling, gives up on it for now. Aradia snaps out of her magic trance and reports that this is the bed of none other than Aubrey Carter- Ellis’ lover who she had met while closing the Deadelus Station portal in space! With this, she leaves a sign outside in case he shows up so they don’t surprise him, and the team beds down with Echo telling the disturbing bedtime story of what the walls seem to show. It looks like the temple marks the arrival of magic, the coming of the bugs, a desperate fight to contain them, and the use of some terrible weapon to send them off, and the dwindling of magic as a result. It seems this may be a 2nd or 4th World equivalent relic for the Grey Lands, and could be both the source of the ichor lake and part of the explanation for why the Awakening never happened fully in that world.

They awake, somewhat rested, but hungry and thirsty since Echo has got them on a tight rations schedule, to find Aubrey Carter sitting in his flesh-melded spacesuit, with a weapon ready but not trained on them. he recognizes Aradia, and seems to put together who Heat and Otters are from some level of contact from Ellis. They converse a bit, and he confirms that they aren’t corrupted yet, and the temple keeps them safe. He explains that he and other scouts here call these bug-less artifact areas “xenosites” and speculates that they are sort of like pearls in Vhortas (the team is horrified to have confirmed that they are in the Hive, proper, and not merely some bug incursion on another place). Carter explains that there is some speculation that once bugs are able to convert enough of the biomass of a plane to their control, they are able to fully absorb it, expanding the Hive to encompass it, but that small poison areas such as this may end up contained and empty, making them “safe” for other explorers to rest and restock, though he warns them against assorted dangers they were unaware of and encourages them to stay in the top chamber only.

In exchange for smuggling out some research data to Ellis, he offers to get them some loaner Encounter Suits, which he says should give them at least ok odds of making it off the plane with his assistance, and tells them to stay put for a day while he goes to make arrangements. They do so, spooked by his warnings, though Heat’s nose for paydays gets him to get Ruxpin to start chipping some stone flakes off to bring back, until Otters and Aradia warn against the unknown dangers of doing so. the compromise ends up being that Otters takes some careful samples and seals them well with her new chemistry kit, and Aradia carries them in her biofiber smuggling pocket. Heat makes a note to get a cyber-upgrade version of that, also partially in memory of Creep.

After what seems like around a day, Carter returns with light Encounter Suits in tow, though he explains that Ruxpin will have to shift back to human form to fit, and the Mule drone gets laden with everyone’s heavier armor.Echo is also increasingly worried about their lack of ShadowCloak, as though they are experiencing relative time in concert with the others, their internal chronometer is drifting further and further off. Suited up, and with an explanation of the protective systems and the DESPERATE need not to get any punctures, the team heads out, with Carter leading them in a sneaky-peaky. They get past some worker drones up a few tunnels, cutting through an area where two different species are repairing opposite sides of some battle damage between them, reminding them of the feeling of endless war they trudged through in the Grey Lands the day before.

Unfortunately, they get spotted trying to bypass some more alert Wasp warriors, and switch to a Bounding Overwatch, laying down grenades and suppressive fire behind them as they flee, dodging stingers left and right and trying to avoid getting cornered or stuck in a direct fight. They emerge onto what seems like a surface of sorts, though it is still a sickly green/yellow light over everything. They see some horrid clouds surrounding the upper ties of some massive termite towers, and race towards those, with Carter carrying Aradia over his beefy shoulder as she struggles to keep up, and Otters having to slow her roll riding the Mule so she doesn’t get too far out ahead. The drones are looking even worse, with their flesh twisted and dripping, taking on some of the characteristics of the more hideous flesh forms.

Reaching the base of the tower, the Wasps break off pursuit as they come under fire from termite shamans in the tower, who seem to be reshaping and using the very materials of the Hive to attack with. Aradia quickly overcasts a massive levitation spell and gets them airborne, zipping them up past the termites and weaving wildly to avoid incoming fire as they lay down suppressive fire with help from Carter at ground level. Ruxpin, with his excellent nose, smells cleaner air somewhere ahead, and directs Aradia towards it, with Aradia also seeing the terrible background count abating a bit in that direction. Finding a tiny strip of floating land in the disgusting clouds, leading to what looks like a cave mouth floating in nothing, they strip off their suits and drop them back down to Carter as promised and dash through.

Although they all enter together, they are disturbed when Echo doesn’t emerge with them. They find themselves facing a large air-shipped, manned by spirits, with a large number of flamethrowers pointed at the charred sky island they have found themselves upon. Explaining quickly that they are peaceful travellers and not bugs or cultists, they agree to submit to testing and to travel under guard to the Spire where they will be required to receive a “letter of Marque” in order to freely travel with their degree or weaponry around this place. After about 20 minutes, Echo snaps in next to them, seemingly caught up from their time dilation, and helps close out the negotiation after catching up on the current situation at hand.

The team is brought on the ship one at a time and carefully assensed under guard for any trace of bug corruption, but it seems like the strange temple and the Encounter Suits worked, and none is detected- a massive relief. After confirming that the bear (Ruxpin quickly shifted back when out of Suit) is sapient but the drones are not, the captain of the vessel, an Air spirit, takes some reagent payment for their transport, and some further bribes for some intel. They have indeed reached the Place of Clouds! So they can follow up on their mission to Arleesh, and based on the number of material plane corps and orgs represented here, they think should have an easy enough time getting home. The Captain fills them in on some local geography and threats, including sky pirates and the Great Storm, and confirms some of the other rumors they were warned of by Kendra de Santos on Zecorp.

Pulling into the Spire, they see a massive floating city set into a huge cumulonimbus cloud bank, with airship docks extending up to a kilometer out in various direction, allowing for a lot of trade and transit. They Guardian vessel that brought them in drops them off but doesn’t escort them further, as they need to get back to their post, guarding against bug intrusions. Heat and Otters are both delighted to find a functional, familiar matrix, emanating from the material plane embassy district. It seems many planes are represented with embassies here, as it is a major trade and transit hub, including Faerie, Beasts, and all the Elemental types. They head straight for “their” area, and decide to first check in with the ASPS, finding a helpful spirit whose names seems fairly unpronounceable, and agrees to go by “Ai”.

Ai proves quite helpful, though it seems like the ASPS presence here is mostly informational without a ton of resources. However, they do accept nuyen! So Echo pays for a resupply, and they arrange to get a Letter of Marque through the ASPS to shut down some of the dangerous resource extraction happening here, which lines up nicely with their job for Arleesh. They also get intel on what all of the Big Ten corps are up to here- all present to various degrees, but with vastly different MO’s and ares of operation. They eventually decide to go through Horizon to secure an airship, planning to perhaps call in favors and/or do some work for them in exchange, as well as possibly seeking out other side jobs while they’re here. Ai provides a helpful catalogue of airships, and they start shopping, but are disturbed to hear that the Disians have a presence here as well.

With Ai also restocking their travel supplies, and assorted kiosks, food stands, restaurants, and lodging around, they prepare to rest a bit and then get back to work.

Zecorp to Caelum
12/9/2024, 11:42:03 AM
Runners
Otters aka Roadkill
Heat
Aradia
Echo
Ruxpin

The team continues their meeting with Barkins. He passes Aradia a wrapped bundle, saying it was sent at her request, and she explains to the team that it is her weapon focus, a special artifact blade from Seattle. Everyone thinks this is cool, with Aradia explaining that due to it’s ability to compel spirits, she didn’t think it would be safe or appropriate to carry in Denver. Heat gets distracted, noticing some biomechanical go-gangers checking out his parked bike out front. He and Ruxpin step outside to see if it’s going to be trouble, passing Kendra de Santos (Arleesh’s Voice), as she enters.

Out front, Heat confirms that he rides the bike and not the bear, but successfully lies his way out of participating in a race. He does this in a mildly embarrassing way though, and the go-gangers all spew exhaust out of their pipes and bio-ports and sphincters as they exit, and he and Ruxpin see Heat’s bike de-rez a bit and get actively “less cool” in response. Inside, Aradia and Echo converse with de Santos, while Otters observes it all. KDS wants them to take on another job for Arleesh/Grey Cell while they are on the metaplanes, if they can fit it in.

Apparently an MCT extraction crew has gone rogue and offered up their latest haul to the highest bidder, which is how GC got wind of it. The team is to head to the Place of Clouds (a hyperplane of the Plane of Air), and intercept this shipment, as well as fending off any other buyers. This will allow GC to analyze what MCT has been up to in their metaplanar extraction efforts, as well as who they might be selling to. She also shares the dossier they have on the Place of Clouds, giving the team a solid briefing on what to look (and look out) for there. They agree, and negotiate for more GC favors as pay, and KDs agrees, giving them two of the strange alt Tarot that seem associated with Zecorp “for luck.”

With Heat and Ruxpin reentering, the team recognizes the two cards from the team file and decides to activate one of them, the Wheel of Fortune, immediately. They each feel themselves infused with some extra luck as the card separates into 6 fragments and they each consume their slice, with one spare stashed for later. KDS bids them farewell for now, but arranges to meet with them again via Barkins on their return, or make contact at The Spire, the lone city in the Place of Clouds. The team head out towards PortHub, the hacker bar, where they hope to get intel on how to connect with Corpworld, the Resonance Realm that Perri wants them to try to contact.

Heat is a little embarrassed to be walking his bike, so Otters hops on his bike and starts rigging it, doing a slow motion wheelie alongside the walking team while Heat clings on to both bike and Otters’ VR-locked body. The passers-by don’t seem impressed, and maybe a little annoyed, but noone fucks with them, possibly due to the armored bear with a melee-hardened sniper rifle. They reach the bar and all enter, with everyone (except Ruxpin, who just walks in) successfully striking a cool pose as they are stylishly backlit on entry. Looking around, they see various styles of hacker, with a heavy emphasis on the retro and the biomechanical again.

Echo heads to the bar and is initially disgusted and rebuffed by the bartender, who seems to be most of the behind the bar equipment, sliding a torso along a long sinuous body tied into the various taps and terminals. The bartender lures Echo back with an offer of Celephais Dreamwine, which Echo accepts, and Otters also requests upon hearing this exchange. They both have a strange trance-like dream that lasts much longer for them than for their team-mates, with their ShadowCloaks degrading somewhat but protecting them from the worst of the time dilation. They do both gain some level of insight, though Echo’s is more full-fledged, as Otters’ chosen emotional limitations prevent full engagement.

Aradia and Heat chat up some hackers, with Heat impressing them with his relatively advanced skills and tricks, as well as his TM abilities, which seem rare here, though not unheard of. They get some more intel on the MCT TRU-13 teams with the captive TM’s, who seem to be seeking crossings between the metaplanes and Resonance as well. They also hear tell of some strange “techno-magicians” who accompany teams of “baldies” when they are seen on the plane- based on the descriptions of one of these techno-magicians who ran away and shifted form a few times in doing so, they think this may be where Ersatz/The Refugee escaped from- and that he was indeed working for/with Disians prior to his escape. The timeline checks out, so they plan to follow up on this upon their return.

They also hear some rumors about hackers, deep in corpo mainframes, finding strange and dangerous passageways to unfamiliar realms, as well as a lot of hackers who’ve gone missing of late. This certainly sounds like this could be either a nascent Foundation or a Reso Realm connection, so the team decides to investigate further. Based on the team file, they know ZCorp corpo’s will often trade for info on what their Earth compatriots have been up to, as potential hints to their future fortune. They decide to make an approach to an ARES/MARS exec, based on all they know about Detroit etc.

Echo tries to trade the bartender for more Dreamwine before they leave, but it is too precious, so they trade one of their bottles of gift wine for some kind of rich, diesel and blood-y spirit made locally. The team head’s to the MARS office nearest them, and talk their way in, with Echo ultimately presenting another gift bottle, and sharing a fancy liquor toast from a bottle from yet another plane known as “The Land Beneath the Sea”, that the exec bought from sandship trader. Echo secures Heat (monitored) access to the MARS mainframe host, and they head down to the sub-basement, disturbed to see that the local spiders seem to be melded into the machine.

One of the Spiders accompanies Heat and Ruxpin, who volunteers to wear a trade net and go along. He quickly has to leave as he is completely unable to navigate or make sense of the matrix. Aradia swaps in, and they explore the old-school node-based Host, with Heat eventually finding a strange anachronistic door back by their data stores. With the Spider confirming it isn’t one of theirs, Aradia distracts the Spider with seduction while Heat opens the door. The team outside sees one of the meat faces melded into the framework Host blushing from the seduction. Heat is overcome with a strange, rich, but unfamiliar Resonance connection.

This seems like the promised proof, and indeed Heat has a connection request waiting from T3chK1d, who seems equally astonished and enthused to have helped prove Perri’s UnITy theory correct. T3chK1d says perhaps they should be called “dataplanes” instead of Resonance Realms, and offers to help Heat get on Jackpoint based on this, plus is excited to work with Heat on the “Rate My Johnson” board update alongside SPYDer and others. With that, Heat closes the door, and previously seduced/distracted Spider starts taping it off til the corp can figure out what’s going on, as all Heat will say is that it isn’t a threat. They exit the matrix, and Heat finds another alt Tarot card in his pocket- the Sun, aka The Eclipse.

Heat initially wants to save this one to sell, as they review the team file and find that is has prophetic powers. The rest of the team votes to use it, with Otters especially eager to get a glimpse of the future. Given her self-centeredness, when activated, the card’s future vision focuses on Project:ANIMUS stuff, based on Otters’ interest. She luckily has become quite skilled at arcana, and interprets the dream vision fairly accurately, she thinks. It shows her two potential paths forward. In one, Horizon comes to control the ANIMUS technology, and Otters sees it’s use expanding deeper and deeper into the shadows, as Horizon uses it to further their own aims and quiet control.

In the other, Otters sees her, and various of the team in different potentialities, in NYC sometime a few months in the future, engaged in a variety of forms of intrigue and shadow biz, seemingly getting to make some choices that could effect the future of ANIMUS. When she snaps back from the vision, she very transparently refuses to tell the team everything and asks Aradia to go the ladies room with her. They find a gender-neutral bathroom to share, and Otters fills Aradia in a bit. Aradia is on-board for future NYC jobs, as the vision showed Gabrielle al-Thani as being there. They return to the team and tell them they have some fancy an exciting jobs in NYC in their future, though Otters decides not to trust/warn Heat with the Hype and Horizon intel.

They head out, and head next to the Prime Software listed address they can find online- Heat is able to remotely access stuff in the growing Noosphere in ways that Otters and the others can’t even detect. They once again talk their way in, this time asking for a software demo. The mid-level sales exec they speak with gives them access to a closed system to test it, and Heat sneakily touches it to gain broader access while also plugging in his commlink, as a cover. Echo and Aradia distract the exec with sales negotiations while Heat hacks in. He sees that their security software is indeed quite high-quality, and a bit unfamiliar, and could indeed potentially have originated off-plane.

He gets some files copied related to the creation of the software and related matters, and jacks out, since he has no idea how or what Grid Overwatch would be like here. The team get’s Prime’s CEO’s contact after conning the sales rep a bit further about the potential for a big cross-planar sale, and head out. Examining the files, they find that the devs on the software are all listed as Caelum natives, and that all their pay is sent to a single unlisted address on Zcorp- maybe where the gateway is? They head there, sending Morticia ahead to scout, and noticing that with no day/night cycle they will have to pay a bit of attention to when they will need rest- in this case, soon.

They spot a decent number of guards and cameras, and only one way in or out. They also see a CEO-style car in the fenced lot, with a fused in chauffeur face in the extended front end grille. Ruxpin gives a tactical breakdown of hitting it, and they decide to first try a peaceful approach. Heat calls up the CEO’s contact they have, and they get a slicked back hair guy in a fancy suit. After he almost gives them the brushoff, the team changes their approach and gets down to business with what they actually want, as well as what they know. The CEO seems intrigued, and tells them to come meet up at their private lab, and seems amused when they arrive about two seconds later, since they were just around the corner.

He ushers them in and Otters and Aradia notice that he seems to be a material plane denizen, posing as a ZCorp corpo. Wondering how he ended up here, Aradia briefly converses about his in-corp connections, and confirms he is a relative of Armando Salazar, though is perhaps a little out of favor or views himself as such, given this assignment. He seems to view the team as a potential tool to advancement, and though the team doesn’t feel they can trust him, exactly, they feel they can trust his avarice. He shows them the machine, which he claims is a full-on sci-fi teleporter.

The team is glad they didn’t storm the place, as it looks to take a team of 15 scientists to run and calibrate it all. Otters, Heat and Aradia all examine it and can’t quite tell if it is magitech posing as sci-fi or if this is something entirely new. Regardless, they agree to the deal- transport to Caelum and the item they seek, in exchange for other weapons they will acquire for Prime. The CEO doesn’t want to lose this deal, so pressures them into going immediately instead of resting, which they eventually do. They find themselves strapped into chairs inside a concrete sphere, with high-tech wires, tubes, circuits, lights and the like running all around.

Lasers start to play across them as they find themselves staring down an infinite light tunnel. Most of them manage alright, though Ruxpin is a bit overwhelmed. They snap forward in an instant, or maybe forever, and find themselves strapped into similar chair, but in a wholly different room, all made of perfectly smooth metal and shiny white plastic. A four-legged, four-armed figure is patiently waiting as they gather themselves, with Otters also noticing that her drones have transformed again to match the paradigm, now truly looking horrific as their odd ZeCorp forms seem to have been seamlessly wrapped in metal and plastic. That said, they seem to be running incredibly well. StepMAMA however seems to be having some trouble, letting out an agonized digital scream before rebooting.

The figure in the middle, after an appropriate time, introduces itself as Legatum, or Ambassador if they prefer, which Echo is delighted by until they realize they’ve lost their adept abilities, which bums them out. Aradia also tries to cast a spell and can’t even access mana, feeling like the drain hits but then doesn’t actually effect her. She also sees all her reagents, foci, etc are inert though intact. Also stressful. Legatum explains that in their perfectly logical world, they have eliminated magic by scraping their biosphere clean some time ago. When the team tries to inquire further, Legatum states that this is unfortunately from a time in history before their current advanced record keeping, so details are light.

They get the rest of the briefing- most denizens of the plane are genderless and use “it” pronouns, though a variety of others are also common. Violence has been edited out of their reality, which the team confirms, becoming more stressed as their weapons and attack “work” but do no damage, and the only pain they feel is the momentary learned response before their nerves catch up and report no actual damage. This further stresses them out, especially Ruxpin, who as a combat specialist feels a little useless. He also notes that he is unable to shift form, seemingly due to the absence of magic.

They ask a lot of hypotheticals, as Echo can’t quite conceptualize how a violence-free society could function. Heat is also distressed to find that he is unable to comprehend the local matrix, even though he can sort of detect it. Otters and the others can’t even see it, and Legatum explains it is an order of magnitude more advanced than their, so they shouldn’t try to interact with it. More bad news. Also, since the locals have all taken more perfect forms, there is no need for food, drink, or sleep. Legatum encourages them to remove their ShadowCloaks and join in, but they refuse, so Legatum tells them it’s good they brought supplies, and that they can rest wherever they like and everyone will move around or over them, as they can’t be harmed.

The team all hunkers down, with some of them crashing from drugs as well, which some of the locals seem to find quite repellent, and presumably illogical. They awaken and regroup, and Legatum finds them again to continue the tour, taking them around the pristine, sterile planes of sci-fi metal and plastic towers, temples and the like, explaining the plane is a place of knowledge and learning. As they try to steer the convo towards where to seek weapons, Legatum warns them that that is a taboo and not to speak of it. Otters asks after intel on mind alteration, and is directed off towards a library dedicated towards biologicals, while the rest head to the Temple of Knowledge, the largest structure at the dead center of the plane, where the Archive is apparently kept, hoping to find something there.

Otters gets some intel on mind tech, and heads back to rejoin the team. Meanwhile, the team has inquired after Null Sect, Tan Robes, and some other things, and found that the plane has little info in magical or EI threats, as they view themselves as safe from them, and also have only recently re-established outside contact with Zecorp, and thereby secondhand contact with the Material Plane. After their inquiries are rebuffed by a few more archivists, the head archivist, a horrifying mechanical centipede, comes and brings them to it’s office, introducing itself as Scriniarii. It seems fascinated by violence and unconcerned about sharing dangerous weapons knowledge with them, as they won’t be able to use it here anyway. It seems to view them as primitives, but be very interested in what they know.

They eventually agree to allow it to brainscan them, with assurances that the scans will be anonymized and not be publicly accessible for over a decade. Scriniarii says it is a nearly lossless process, but doesn’t specify to whom, and the team mostly emerges unscathed, though some of Ruxpin’s military training seems to have vanished. They do however get a copy of the Discidium as promised, as well as some trash programs, which Scriniarii derides as low-tech placeholders to tide Prime over, a mean joke which it seems to enjoy participating in. Heat is also able to get a little more info about the plane’s past.

Apparently, after some largescale die-off (the team is assuming the most recent Scourge/Horror attack), the less-advanced machine life here managed to make some kind of deal with another entity to get rid of the rest of the bio-life (which they viewed as violent liars), and start building their “perfectly logical utopia” that the team sees before them now. The team is all feeling pretty ready to leave this place, and hopefully get all their abilities back, so they say goodbye to this weird creep in the archive basement, and head out to seek Legatum and get sent back.

Deeper into the Mountain
12/2/2024, 1:13:01 PM
Runners
Otters aka Roadkill
Heat
Aradia
Echo
Ruxpin

The team, deciding not to attempt negotiations, launches into a gunfight with the Wendigo and their horde of feral ghouls. Otters in particular is surprised to see that there are two Wendigos as they usually work alone. With some careful use of suppressive fire, Heat and Otters are able to start slowing the ghoul hordes, though some ill-aimed grenades from both send the ghouls charging forward in two large groups on either side of the bone altar at the center of the chamber. Echo, setting their shotgun to a wide choke, starts thinning the herd with some well-targeted blasts, as Otters uses her Mule drone arm and winch to drop her body over the edge of the platform, suspended “safely” in the chasm.

One of the Wendigo’s charged Ruxpin after a near miss with his sniper rifle, and Ruxpin puts his melee expertise to good use, deflecting and riposting a series of devastating blows from the muscly adept. The other Wendigo, seemingly a mage, launches spell after spell at Ruxpin and the drones, but between Otters’ piloting skills and Aradia’s counter-spelling, they have little effect. Unfortunately, with Aradia as the lone mage left, her spells seem to suffer the same fate, so she focuses on leadership while levitating above the fray to avoid combat. Heat and the Lynx drone get swarmed by ghouls, but with the horde already significantly thinned out, both are able to muster their defenses and avoid harm (and hopefully infection!) while the rest of the team picks off the ghouls piled on them.

With the ghouls dealt with, the team all open up on the Wendigo locked in tense combat with Ruxpin, finally killing her. The other Wendigo goes invisible and tries to flee, but they gun her down as well before she can get far. Checking over Ruxpin and reviewing her knowledge of HMHVV strains, Otters is delighted that his armor seal is still mostly intact, and that Wendigo’s work more like vampires in terms of transmission. Heat gets a quick once over as well but in luckily uninjured, so it seems like the team got away with it this time. Ruxpin goes to investigate where the sorcerous Wendigo was fleeing, and finds a chest of “normie” disguises, most likely for the Wendigo’s to use when they had to travel to town or around un-Infected, and also find some brochures advertising a “safe and secure place” that can take care of feral ghouls- seemingly the basis of their cult here, if that’s what it was.

Heat and some of the others start to feel a little badly and wish they had tried talking first, but too late now. They debate trying to claim a Wendigo bounty with any of the groups that offer those, but realize it would be bad OPSEC if this is to be a new Nexus base, so sideline that plan for now. They also find the predated remains of various hikers and cavers who seem to have either stumbled upon this group of come close enough to get easily grabbed, and break down the bone altar into some saleable reagents, which they plan to send to Magician to maintain their good standing with that Court faction. They rest for a while, while Ruxpin and Otters (via drones) scouts the surrounding cave system. It actually is pretty good for their purposes: one small tunnel exit high on the mountainside, other paths closed off with stacked rocks but could be permanently demo’ed or opened up as needed.

They head back to the tunnel junction, and head down the other chasm branch, where Aradia detected Unseelie vibes. Feeling, more than hearing, some strange music, Heat starts to dance along with it, though most of the rest of the team resists. Ruxpin is also caught by the song, and they are both lured forward along a quite perilous path, seemingly without realizing how dangerous some of the steps, handholds, and jumps they are using truly are. The rest of the team tries to convince them to stop or slow down, but they are ignored, and quickly lose sight of Heat and Ruxpin around a bend in the tunnel. Those two continue ahead, quickly finding themselves joining a chaotic throng of dancers, all moving to odd, unfamiliar music, seemingly eminating from a castle at the center of what looks to be a medieval-ish town.

They both dance along, joining the crowd, pausing occasionally as their muscles spasm and cramp to drink from some open barrels of some kind of sweet mead scattered around. The rest of the team, worried and unsure what to do, continues advancing slowly. Aradia summons an air spirit to go try to break Heat out of it, who reports back via their astral link about there being some kind of metaplanar crossing ahead, and is itself quickly lost to the dance once it enters and finds Heat. Aradia releases it from service but it seems full under the spell, and remains dancing.

As they reach the crossing, they see an almost seamless transition from tunnel to town, but can see it is all rotted and ruined, strewn with the long and recent dead, as dancers fall away from exhaustion, with fresh ones hurrying to join the queue. The barrels of mead are turned, and sickeningly sweet, and the dancers seem unaware of dangers around them, dancing off the tops of ruined towers as they try to take illusory steps, falling through holes in ruined floors and bridges, etc. The “music” sounds more like the wind whistling through ruined structures and the stamping of feet than anything pleasing. However, Otters start to see the appeal of it all, just for a moment, before Echo gets StepMAMA to blast loud static into everyone’s in-ears, with Aradia commanding them to return.

This snaps Otters out of it, and Heat comes to partially through the pain of dancing so hard that he has injured himself. They end up having to knock Ruxpin out and levitate him back, but they escape and get back to the tunnel junction, though Aradia feels bad leaving the air spirit behind. They decide that since nothing follows them, this could actually be a good security feature, with the right precautions taken, and then everyone spends a little while trying to dissuade Heat from incorporating too much of what he heard there into his music, which he seems very interested in doing. They rest for a spell, and then realizing that there drugs are starting to wear off, they head back to the van and field hospital.

With Aradia and Heat crashed on Novacoke, and Ruxpin injured, Echo does some careful management of personalities to get a reasonable camp set up, and they spend a chilly night, with Otters needing some supplemental oxygen in the high altitude. The next morning, they head back, and follow the manufactured tunnel past the junction this time. They shortly find a large, intact vault door, which Heat and Otters spend some time tinkering with to apply power and bypass the mechanical locks before convincing it to finally open. Inside, they find a musty but intact poured concrete bunker, stripped of any paydata similar to the field hospital, but with some (decades-a century old) survival equipment left behind, and plenty of space.

After scouting it thoroughly, they don’t find any other access points, so this seems perfect. They find a few cars for cargo and passengers that fit the train tracks, but there’s still no power and enough breaks in the lines that it will be some work to get them up and running. They write up a report as they hike back out, with Heat occasionally making everyone uncomfortable with some jokes about dancing. They reach the surface, cover the “secret” entrance back up, and drive out of the mountains, with Heat reporting in to a very pleased Perri about what they found. He spends some time composing music based on what he remembers hearing versus the sounds recorded on the TacNet, and sends it Richie Macey to see what effect it has.

Macey report that he’d be interested to hear more, as it is certainly unique, but that he doesn’t quite “get it” as of yet. Heat tries to recruit Aradia into helping compose it more accurately, alongisde a Music Sprite, but gets talked out of it for the time being, though he plans to check in on Macey in a day or two to see if there were any lingering effects. Macey sends along some new rebel country stuff he’s working on about conflicted feelings about a new AAA corp in your region- more money, also more problems as it turns out. The team rests back at the safehouse and then stocks up on gear for the metaplanes, including new or upgraded shadow cloaks, restocked survival kits, and the like. Heat and Otters help mod Ruxpin’s rifle to work in his bear form, removing the trigger guard and hardening it, as well as increasing the size of some of the components, so Ruxpin can go to the planes in bear form more comfortably. Ruxpin confirms he is not to be ridden, though he will haul teammates out of danger as needed.

With Arcane approving large drones and small vehicles for transit through the portal he will prepare, Heat decides to bring his motorcycle, and Otters brings a decent collection of drones. They drive to a rural crossing in the southern FRFZ and meet Arcane, and Aradia is excited to feel some tracings of Quimbanda in the choice of location. They all hang and chat a bit while Otters remote pilots the van back to the safehouse. Echo impresses Arcane with a gift and butters him up a bit, which he seems to appreciate, and the team also fills him in on their strange recent astral experience. He tells them that they were lucky to survive an encounter with Reproach, a fallen Court of the Wild Fae, which has been overcome with something known as the “Dancing Sickness” or the “Dancing Plague” which often proves lethal to visitors and those caught in it’s spell, for the purpose of endlessly sustaining the courtly fun of the lord of the realm and his courtiers, who flit from body to body as they fall.

Fargus Sol also reports in from Grey Cell, with some updates on McClure, the AZT exec they helped extract in Seattle. They’ve been debriefing him extensively, and AZT has been moving hard to take him back, levelling a not insignificant portion of a few cities and town near places he was rumored to be, without success so far. Lots of AZT experts in the shadows (JP etc) have been going dark or reporting hit squads coming after them (if they survive). At the same time, bounty boards start posting a lot of high paying gigs with hacker targets. It seems AZT is worried about what kind of accesses and backdoors McClure may have set up before his exit, as he apparently also took a large sum of funds with him through some clever accounting. One early piece of intel is that AZT has been devving tech to mess with the metaplanar barrier, likely using help from Dis. The AZT/Dis relationship seems to go back over a decade at least, which predates any known contact besides the First Expedition to the Seelie Court.

Arcane wants to know more about the access point to Reproach, so they give Perri his info, and she says she’ll get in touch with him about consulting on magical security since he has a good rep, so long as he agrees to the Nexus’ terms on security protocols for visiting the site etc. With that done and the van finally parked, Arcane smoothly opens a portal into a familiar low-lying alley in the Zecorporatum sprawl, and the team heads through, with Heat wheeling his bike for now since the others aren’t mounted. The team sees the bike, alongside the Mule drone and Morticia, start to conform to the local biomechanical paradigm, though their shadow cloaks protect them once again. They take a look (and smell) around, also in the matrix and assensing. Heat notices that Perri seems to be onto something- the Noosphere has notably expanded here since their last visit, and in ways that only Heat can detect- so it isn’t full wireless matrix, but is a sort of Resonant energy generated by technology, it seems.

They also, more upsettingly, see some Null-like vines creeping in from a few open sewer grates, cracked windows, and the like, always kind of at edges, in dead-end alleys, and the like. They do spot one team in containment suits, with 5 armed individuals seemingly controlling or sort of steering a 6th. Heat gets a faint warning from that 6th figure to “stay back or they’ll get you to” and Otters recognizes the style of containment suit as belonging to MCT’s TRU-13 esoteric research division, so they assume this is some MCT black op involving a kidnapped TM. Heat wants to help but holds off for the moment, wanting to get a better sense of things here first. They head to Batholomew Barkins, Esquire’s office, and contract with him get some local intel and leads, as well as to leave the plant-cat spirit that Arcane sent along at his office. This way, they can (hopefully) easily track down the plantcat again when they are ready to contact Arcane and get portaled home.

Paying Barkins in reagents after some negotiation, they get intel on a local hacker bar to check for info on possible connections to Corpworld, where Heat is supposed to try to contact a TM named T3chK1d to prove another theory of Perri’s. They also get some intel on the vines/MCT, though MCT (as with all the corps) seems to have a slightly variant local presence. And finally/most importantly, they get a lead on tracking down the Discidium- a local AzCorp subsid called Prime Software apparently sells security ‘ware that they claim is built by thinking machines, which Barkins hasn’t seen or heard of locally, so assumes must be some secretive off-place contact they have. This seems like a good lead, and Barkins reminds them that ZCorp is a great planar crossroads, so they have high hopes of finding the things they seek without too much trouble, and head out into the ever-present gloaming of the plane, the rain-slick street shining with the reflected lights of the enormous tiers of towers all around them.

Missing Farmers and Cave Diving
11/25/2024, 3:16:49 PM
Runners
Otters aka Roadkill
Heat
Aradia
Echo
Ruxpin

The team helps the Nexus bulk up their defenses at their current lone site, both physically and in the matrix, as Otters patches the van back together with lifting assistance from Ruxpin. Echo looks into Spyder’s background a bit, and finds nothing overly suspicious, so Heat hear’s Spyder out on his proposal to start a new, global, version of “Rate My Johnson”, the Chicago-area ShadChaps sub-board. Spyder sells Heat on the rep-based system, tiered memberships, and free/pay per use accounts for those who can’t afford the subscription. Heat agrees to lend a hand getting it going in the background, and gets a list of the other early founders/admins- a pretty impressive spread. He also instantly turns around and calls Hype, tipping Horizon to the new rep board so they can get in early. Some on the team are mildly worried about this, but also it was inevitable the corps would try to game it eventually so maybe it’s a good early test.

Perri explains a bit more about her UnITy Theory, based partially on Test’s Seelie Court research from back in the day, as well as Heat’s report of the emerging Noosphere on Zecorporatum. She explains what exactly to look for there to help confirm or deny her theory, and Heat is excited to participate. Aradia, having re-aimed the focus of her desire for vengeance for the Sisterhood of Ariadne onto APEP Consortium, retasks Kobold with looking into their activities around Denver, finding any odd rift device circles, etc, and pretty quickly gets a hit- there has been a recent sighting in the southern FRFZ, near Co Springs. Echo calls in some favors with Grey Cell, and gets intel from some of Mr. K’s old UCAS mil contacts about the shutdown effort for NORAD and other facilities in the Cheyenne Mountain region, also not far from Co Springs.

They decide to check both things out on the same trip, and go do some initial scouting, finding a well-concealed long-disused army hospital high in the mountains, almost directly on the PCC border, though not at a crossing. They then head over to check out the small farm town near where the APEP rift signs were reported. Aradia detects that the area has semi-frequent mana storms, with one just passing. recently. A small amount of research into the farm LLC also suggests corp ownership, and knowing some of the district’s secrets, Aradia calls up Simonetta Chandra, who doesn’t deny its one of AZT’s subsids in the region.

Otters confirms that there is no active matrix in the farm complex with Heat’s help, and observes all the large agri-drones seemingly operating on onboard auto-pilot while requesting links and instructions. No other signals or large groups of people around, which seems odd for the size of the community- likely a few hundred people at least usually live and work here. They poke around a bit, and scout with Morticia, and find some of the APEP rift circles spread out around the area, in a pattern that suggests they may have surrounded the townsfolk and herded them towards the center, possibly into the general store.

Otters gets her drone inside the store, spotting some strange modded Nezumi rats skittering about, as well as a pile of smashes up equipment leaking what seems to be some kind of medical fluids in the center of the room. She is quickly distracted by a sneak attack outside, with Ruxpin getting tackled by some sort of huge flesh monster, vaguely saurian but small-car sized, and Echo just barely dodging a charge attack from a chitin armored gorilla-esque being, due to their adept abilities. Ruxpin, from his new position sprawled on the ground, recognizes the gorilla as one of the MIA members of his former all-Shifter unit, Cal. However, the team doesn’t have the opportunity to attempt a non-lethal takedown, given the ferocity and single-mindedness of the two attackers.

The van takes some damage, and Heat is pummeled into the ground and badly hurt before the team is able to take down the two adversaries, who start to dissolve and fall apart as they watch. Studying them quickly, Aradia assesses that they are likely more of the “Chimera” that PPJ had been helping to assemble during his time on Dis. This also bodes ill for the question of what happened to Ruxpin’s old unit…. They investigate the area further after scouting carefully for more enemies, and find that the mysterious rats have fled. They also located the piled and wrecked remains of what look to be a few of the stasis pods they had previously seen used by the Auditor’s hirelings in LA. As Aradia and Otters take a look around for the magical and arcane, they detect that a massive ritual was done here and then cleaned up, as if a huge portal was opened, possibly either generating the mana storm or using it for cover, and the townspeople were dosed with a strange alchemical fluid.

Analyzing it further, they determine that it is likely a mix of a Nutrition potion and a mild dose of Slab, to keep people stably unconscious during their time in the Valkyrie Module-esque bio-stasis pods. It looks the Dis/MCT/Null alliance has indeed somewhat turned on AZT as they are making moves against them this openly, though the team isn’t sure what this will mean. Outside, Echo and Heat are approached by a child, seemingly the lone survivor of the incident, who had snuck out of his aunt and uncle’s house to read comics in the fallout shelter under the town clinic, and then hid there from the “monsters” until the team defeated them. They have a brief debate and decide to hand him back over to AZT as he is likely a corp citizen there, so it seems like his best odds, as they don’t fully trust GW’s (or the Catholic’s) orphanage and foster systems.

They head out after taking some mana photos, and pass the kid (Randy), the developed mana plates, and the intel along to Simonetta, who thanks them, and agrees to their request to bring their team in on any related future work. Otters also makes contact with Moreau, and debriefs him on the Chimera they encountered (including a strange bird they didn’t see but the kid did), as Moreau is helping Grey Cell collate a database of Chimera types to try to figure out how to effectively fight them. He confirms that Shifters and other magical beings would be popular targets, from what he’s able to understand of the way that Chimera function and are built, which is admittedly limited by their tendency to rapidly decompose once whatever magic sustains them fails.

With half the team hurt or wearing damaged armor, they head back to the safehouse to rest, and Mr. K gets back to them with some leads on where to seek entrances into the labyrinthine complex(es) under Cheyenne Mountain. Happily, the most promising tunnel entrance is supposedly on the site of the abandoned army hospital they had discovered high in the mountains, so they plan to head there the next day and poke around more. Otters teaches Heat to drive a bit on the way down, until Heat realizes how this is reinforcing their odd dynamic and halts the lesson. During their more thorough investigation, they also spot some other strange sights around the mountain- a stone temple high up, surrounded by strong winds, some solar farms, an experimental electrical station, and a large protected area of interesting sandstone outcroppings. With nothing seeming like an immediate threat, they head up to the hospital and explore for a bit. They notice that all the direct road access ways have been demo’ed, decades back, and Otters doing some creative off-roading in the heavily modded van is the only way to get there short of mountaineering or aircraft.

There are some tags and signs of occasional habitation from over the decades, but nothing current, or even recent.They eventually find their way down into the sub-basement of a large building, and in near total darkness find a large strangely squared-off dirt patch. Aradia, feeling safely obscured, summons Earth and Air spirits to assist, and gets them excavating. After a short while, the team is able to descent a steep earth ramp through the filled in dirt and find what looks like a large cargo elevator at the bottom, still mostly covered in earth. From this, a large squared tunnel runs off into the distance, with old, somewhat corroded tracks and cabling running along the center of the floor. Aradia projects ahead, but worried about being trapped if anything gets behind her, turns back at the first junction.

She detected 3 paths, with different vibes. One way suggested intrigue, one predation, and one preparedness. As they approach on foot, they find that a chasm has opened up, with the tracks continuing over along the main tunnel, the direction of preparedness. Analyzing the other two directions, one seems most likely to lead to an array of spices and flavors that feel most familiar from the Unseelie Court at Knockma. The other direction smells of blood and rot, so they decide to clear that side first, and Aradia levitates herself along ahead attaching climbing lines, while everyone else follows. Otters smoothly navigates both her drones over with no trouble despite the extreme difficulty, and impresses everyone by following suit on foot herself.

Ruxpin has to double back and carry Echo across, and Heat refuses assistance and gets stuck halfway. As Aradia and the others emerge into a widening chamber, they find a large bone dais, atop which a pale Wendigo sits, starring at Aradia through her invisibility, and calling out to her Ghoul followers, who seem mostly blind, to attakc. Ruxpin drops Echo off and hurries to get Heat over to join the fight as combat begins….

Foundational Defense
11/18/2024, 11:23:07 AM
Runners
Otters aka Roadkill
Heat
Aradia
Echo
Ruxpin

While Aradia heals Heat, they both dash inside one of the bunkers, heading towards the server basement and accompanied by Echo. They pass Otters’ hidden body as she continues to rig drones to defend the exterior, with Ruxpin also remaining outside to snipe. Inside, Heat dashes down to the cobbled together server stacks that the Nexus is running the Silver Book programs on, and links up, holding out his hand for the others to touch so he can act as the link. Echo is familiar with this process from having done it once before, though without as powerful of an interface, and Aradia recalls her trip to the Reflecting Pool, guided by Chiron, so neither are totally thrown off, though it is still quite strange finding themselves thrust into the matrix in a way that feels as if it is realer than real.

Taking a quick look around, they find the Nexus defenders outnumbered by Null avatars (grey, white and black silhouettes) and barely holding their ground. SPYder has also jacked in and seems to be helping, but their other allies have yet to arrive. Heat dashes over to help Perri fend off some attackers and get instructions as the other two runners look around. They are in what looks like an accretion disk around a black hole, with different bodies caught up in the decaying orbit. Perri directs them to what looks like a planetary ring with no planet, and Aradia spots more Null there. This is apparently the entrance to the Nexus’ Foundation host, and Perri thinks it is how the Null gained access. They also see The Collector a ways distant, seemingly defending some kind of external connection against Null attacks.

The team head there, with Aradia providing some leadership for Heat and Echo to blast their way past the Null avatars guarding the entrance. They seem to be slightly better at their strongest abilities and worse at their weakest ones, and have digital representations of their most iconic equipment, although the damage values all seem kind of flattened out. It seems like some bizarre mix of the “usual” experience of a Foundation dive and the mental representational aspect of some metaplanes. Odd! For now, they breach into the Foundation host, and find that the Null have anchored it’s paradigm as some sort of factory.

Heat gets badly injured fighting his way in, and has to fall back to keep the other 2 connected, and while Aradia is able to sneak in, disguising herself as a factory worker and using “illusions” to distract the Null, Echo is quickly spotted and instead focuses on distracting the Null and not getting hit, though is also dog-piled and badly injured. Luckily, the Null seem not to comprehend Aradia’s illusions, and the silhouettes don’t seem able to comprehend that their attacks are not damaging them. Aradia finds she is only able to focus on one spell at a time, which is odd, but they do still seem to work, which is even odder. The summoned allies finally arrive.

The Captain, Magnum, an anonymous Grey Cell hacker, SimEON, SemPar, and Chiron all roll in, with Magnum, The Captain, and SimEON helping fight the Null outside the Foundation while the rest pile in there, alongside Kludge’s e-ghost. Aradia, having identified the Null Node as one of the 7 machines performing strange functions around the assembly line, heads that way and finds an access panel. Peeking inside, she spots some kind of Overseer Null that the team hasn’t seen before which seems to be instructing more of the silhouette avatars on seeding vines throughout the Foundation from the Null portal to the Deep Foundation. More disturbing, they are also using more of these vines to haul some sort of strange machinery up through the portal as well, which Aradia thinks looks upsettingly like the machine the Detroit team found in the Deep Foundation there.

She looks around the Foundation host outside the Null Node and makes eye contact with a few of the summoned allies who she knows, and Kludge, Remo, and Chiron fight their way over to help as she quickly explains the problem and the plan. They all enter the Null Node, and Remo is quickly killed by a focused Null attack, though Aradia is once again able to distract some of the other Null with illusions long enough for Chiron and Kludge to start damaging the vines and machinery. With the Node starting to destabilize under the attack and more Null piling in, Kludge tells Aradia and a badly injured Chiron to retreat, and they obey, with Aradia casting a critical Heal spell to stabilize Chiron. The Node collapses in on itself as Kludge disappears under a horde of Null avatars, and all of the hackers flee the Foundation host as it starts to shut down.

Outside, Ruxpin is upset to find himself a target for the first time- the two surviving vans pop turrets and are able to reach his position with their HMG’s! Otters pins down the advancing troops with suppressing fire from her HMG drone, and brings the team out of hiding, opening fire on one of the enemy vans. Ruxpin repositions and targets the same van, and they manage to take it out (it seems like one is being rigger controlled and one auto-piloted), just as Ruxpin is hit by a massive bullet from the other van, which nearly wrecks his armor. He returns fire, damaging the gun on that van, as it starts racing through the maze. The troops pop smoke and start advancing under that cover towards the bunker, where Otters is very concerned about exactly how well she hid her body.

Using the other Lynx drone, she opens fire with the AK while also firing with the HMG drone at long range, and pursing the enemy van with her van, managing to get into the scrum first due to her skilled driving and knowledge of the minefields. They do manage to take out 3 of the goons before both the AK Lynx and the team van are destroyed. Ruxpin manages to finish off the enemy van gun as well as Otters picks him up in the VTOL once it finally arrives and gets him down close to the fight. The 3 surviving goons sneak into the bunker, but get distracted by Ruxpin’s arrival outside and prepare an ambush for him. Instead of entering he goes after the enemy van as it tries to ram the VTOL and rips open the door, planning to attack the rigger inside. Unfortunately, all he finds is a homemade explosive, which sends him flying and wrecks the last of his armor.

Hoping to get into the wrecked team van to retrieve his other armor, he heads that way but comes under fire from the remaining goons, so much their (and Otters’) surprise, he transforms into his natural Bear form and rips them apart in short order as Otters does ranged fire with the HMG drone, the lone survivor of her once mighty fleet. With the guards dealt with, Ruxpin stays in Bear form and gets into his other armor suited for this size, and both he and Otters takes up defensive positions, watching for any more approaching enemies but seeing none.

Inside, Perri explains that the Null may have gained access to the site through some of the remote access bots the Nexus uses to limit physical access to the site, and then opened up the Null portal to get their troops inside. She recruits them team to help look for suitable additional sites they can set up in, and reports that SPYder has extended an offer from GW: if they stay out of his hoard, he’s back to covertly tolerating if not exactly supporting them, as he seems to have taken so much offense to a major attack taking place on his turf without his approval. Perri also thinks this is another recruiting effort for his TM “cult” as well, which seems likely.

The Collector explains he was protecting the secret hardline connection to the PCC’s “KivaNet”, which is a Nexus fallback in case they get fully shutdown, but that he couldn’t allow the Null through. The team also hears that the hacker Grey Cell sent was killed in the attack, alongside some other Nexus members- the Null seem to have access to especially lethal and unique forms of biofeedback that seem hard to defend against. However, the Nexus won the day, and Perri explains they will be abandoning Foundation Hosts for good to limit their future exposure, and going back to full brick stacks, and plan to mind and trap this site, closing off access to only secure hardlines and remote access, once they can make sure they can do that safely without Null infiltration.

The Collector recruits them for a job to head to the metaplanes again, seeking a rumored, powerful matrix weapon known as The Discidium, which he thinks can take the fight to the Nexus. He gives them the limited intel he has on it, and they confirm with Arcane that he can once again bring them to Zecorporatum to get started. Prot0 pulls them aside and insistently recruits them to make sure he gets a copy of the program as well so that he can continue to take the fight to all who oppress TM’s. Perri also recruits the team to try to do some research to help prove some theories of hers, that the Resonance and Magical spaces are more connected than previously thought, through the mental energy she is defining as “nous”, comprising the “noosphere” in a way similar to magical energy and astral space, etc. The team agrees, and then spends some time resting after a hard fight.

They spend most of the next day healing up, and assisting Otters with cobbling together a new team van out of all the destroyed van parts around the battlespace, managing to salvage most of their upgrades. Otters also gains full Jackpoint membership for writing up a report proving that Clockwork is a Null agent (for pay) which he gleefully confirms. As he hasn’t been breaking board rules while doing so he isn’t banned, but a lot of the users and mods are pretty horrified, though some of the more mercenary types just shrug and move on- a paycheck’s a paycheck after all. Planning to help the Nexus find a new home first and then head to the metaplanes the team finally heads back to the safehouse to rest again.

Distraction Attack
11/11/2024, 11:42:56 AM
Runners
Otters aka Roadkill
Heat
Aradia
Echo
Ruxpin

Otters carefully steers the team van away from the ARES/KE building, driving out of the ARES district of downtown Atlanta and getting on the highway, while the team stashes Collins in the smuggling compartment, hits her with the tag eraser, etc. Heat keeps an eye on the matrix, with Aradia watching the astral, and Echo and Ruxpin keeping a physical eye out for pursuers. They manage to spot and avoid a few speed traps and other law enforcement/highway patrol entanglements, and keep an eye for crash reports and other obstructions along the route, making sure not to get bottlenecked anywhere. Aradia spends some time calming Otters’ nerves with good success, and a bit less success with the same task on Ruxpin, who is repeatedly checking chamber on his weapon, checking van door locks, etc, during the longish drive to Nashville.

Luckily they arrive without incident. Calling the one-use number they were given for the Coyote, they are told to meet man dressed as Chet Atkins on the Music City Walk of Fame and pass over the subject. They re-disguise Collins as a Reba McEntire impersonator, and after scouting the scene and seeing nothing suspicious, pull up. “Chet” walks up to the agreed upon spot and banters while palming them a data chip and telling “Reba” to stick with him. They quickly get lost in the crowd as a tour group pulls up on a bus, though Otters follows with Morticia til they duck into the side door of a nearby music museum. The team assumes Chet will be re-disguising Collins and bringing her out in one of the tour groups, but lacking more intel gets on the move again.

Since Heat wants to party in town and check out the music scene, they stay the night, calling into Chaplain to report job done (confirmed by their reception of the data chip), and get paid. They also notice that another glowing favor mark has been added to their Grey Cell challenge coins, so apparently GC was involved in this job to some degree as well. Echo gets a hotel room with massage services and a pool and relaxes hard, while the rest of the team parties, with Heat and a few others receiving some magical Detox assistance from Aradia first, followed up for some by a dose of Long Haul. They work their way through some tourist bars and eventually get some local tips on the actual scene, and Heat makes a connection to a soulful young glam rocker named Richie Macey, who seems conflicted about contracting with Horizon vs staying indie. Heat promises to set up a show for him in Denver, and is also conflicted since the rocker seems to idolize Johnny Silver, but this could be a good get for Horizon.

They head to New Orleans the next day, and spend another night partying, aside from Echo, who hotels and pools again, this time joined by Otters. They experience some new Fractal music, an AI/EI-friendly genre that only Heat seems able to comprehend, and then catch a set by the legendary street punk ensemble Fragging Unicorns, which is a shambolic mess but good fun. Otters gets the van down to the port to get shipped overland by Chaplain’s contact with all the illicit gear, and the team flies back to Denver, ditching their job SINs on arrival. Aradia and Otters both throw in to help Ruxpin get a better SIN for getting about town on the daily, and they head to the safehouse after Ruxpin reviews and signs the team norms.

Heat crashes out for 2.5 days after the Long Haul jaunt, and the rest of the team mostly restocks gear and rests up while Aradia takes care of some biz. She has a meeting with a new Shiawase contact named Midori Koki who offers further employment and pay opportunities for metaplanar crossing intel, and intel on the planes in general. Aradia checks in with Arcane about his Wild Fae connections, and gets a decent amount of info- primarily that contrary to how they are presented at Court, the Wild Fae have their own, smaller, Courts, factions and divisions, and are not a unified group. Aradia wants to follow up on the metaplanar strip mining rumors she’s been hearing, but Arcane seems uninterested in being involved in Courtly politics, though he passes along the location where his mother can usually be found, it the team finds themselves needing her assistance.

With rent and upkeep costs due, the team gives some info on what Tarot cards the Black Lodge are after to Horizon, and puts Darien Black (who very carefully doesn’t ask after PPJ) in touch with the Magician faction, either to share knowledge or as a potential new recruit. Heat wakes up to a couple of messages from Hype and calls him back, and is told that there is a Shiawase MFID agent named Midori Koki newly arrived in town, who should not be trusted under any circumstance. When Heat seems not to know what this group is, Hype suggests that the MFID is basically Shiawase’s version of the Dawkins Group, but is more hammer than scalpel. Heat passes the warning to Aradia, but given where it comes from the team isn’t sure it can be trusted objectively. So they plan to proceed with caution either way, and Aradia pays Kobold to find a little more intel on Shiawase Daigou, suggesting that although he is officially retired, this seems to have freed him up to be more involved in high level black ops, and that he also likely has access to hardwired X-Guide killcodes in Seattle, that he gained access to by acquiring so much Renraku infrastructure there.

Shortly after the van arrives back in town, Heat gets a somewhat frantic call from Perri and patches it through the team- the Nexus is about to come under attack again and they need defenders! With the promise of future pay, the team loads up their mission gear (most of which was already in the van) and they head up to Boulder, approaching a site that Echo recognizes as an old UCAS government fallback site and atmospheric monitoring position. This is the former Gamma site, upgraded to Beta site and likely currently Alpha site, as the Nexus lost some of their other positions over the years. It looks very disused and is well off the beaten path and tucked into some mountain near the border, so it seems reliant on obscurity rather than high security for protection, and there don’t look to be a lot of good retreat options.

As they approached they are sent a countdown timer (presumably to adversary arrival) and Heat gets a message on his secure Turing Army ops app, telling all who get it to head to the same location for a major strike against the AI and their allies! So they can assume they may be going up against the TA, and start wondering if the Null Sect is behind this, given their skill in manipulation. They are also sent an AR map, showing them a safe path through a maze of wrecked and rusted cars that block the approach to the partially buried low concrete bunkers that make up the facility. They pull the van into the largest one, and Perri greets them, explaining that they got a last minute warning of an impending attack and that the team are basically the physical defense. The overgrown bunkers should provide decent passive magical protection, and the Nexus has good matrix security, though she shows Heat quickly the path to the server room in a cavernous basement in case they need assistance there as well.

She passes over control of the Nexus’ drone fleet to Otters, who is quickly swaps a few weapons around between them and her own drones to optimize. She hides the van up in the mountain to be able to bring it and it’s HMG in behind the attackers as needed, and Ruxpin and Otters’ Lynx find a concealed sniper post at a decent range up the mountain. Aradia makes herself invisible and posts up on top of the tallest bunker, with the other Lynx and the 6 Doberman drones positioned at ambush points in the car maze, along with Heat and Echo. Otters parks her body inside in good cover within signal range, and they wait for the attack to commence. 4 black vans race in, crashing through the perimeter fence, and two of them start cautiously proceeding through the maze, with 5 heavily armored goons from each of the other vans following on foot, lobbing grenades over the tops to clear mines ahead of the vans.

The two emptied vans park across the entrance they’ve rammed into the fence, to protect their backs and maybe prevent escape attempts, which blocks Otters’ concealed van out as well, unless she shoots/rams through. The team tensely waits as the opps cautiously approach, until Aradia makes an executive decision and uses her magic pact to cast a massive area of Foreboding over one of the advancing groups. This causes the van to accelerate as the 5 behind it slow their advance, keeping to cover more, creating some opportunities. With the one van out front in the open, Echo and Ruxpin open up on with sniper rifle and shotgun, alongside Otters with one of the drones, making short work of it. 5 more goons pile out and race towards Echo and Heat but are also quickly gunned down by those two with assistance from Ruxpin.

Meanwhile, Otters has used missiles from the other Lynx as well as the pack of Dobermans to pin down and damage the other advancing goon squad behind the intact van. Heat races over to that side and gets blasted bad as goons from that van exit once it also gets wrecked. Aradia is frantically moving her Foreboding field around to effect the most targets while also making both Heat and Ruxpin invisible. Ruxpin is swapping positions between shots as well, and combined with the range he’s at, the goons seem unable to hit him. They do manage to take out all the Dobermans, and also hit Echo pretty hard before most of them get dropped as well.

With only 6 goons and two possibly empty vans remaining, the team gets another frantic call from Perri- the physical attack seems to have been a distraction! The main Nexus host is under attack from the Null Sect, and they need help. She tells Heat they are running the Silver Book program, so the team just needs to get downstairs to the servers and touchlink in. She also requests they call any hackers they know who can get there in time, and the team rounds up an impressive list of contacts to get people to turn out. Deciding to split the party, they leave Otters with her van and drones as well as Ruxpin outside to mop up, while Heat, Echo and Aradia head inside.

Aradia quickly heals Heat as well as she can using her magic pact and they race in, headed for the musty basement full of every age of stack, server, cable and connector, all hodge-podged together. They also see some thick cables running off into the distance, implying some exterior connections of some sort. With their allies summoned, they prepare to jack in and try to hold off the Null Sect while the gunfight continues outside!

Hitting ARES At Home
11/4/2024, 5:33:49 PM
Runners
Otters aka Roadkill
Heat
Aradia
Echo
Ruxpin

The team takes an overnight biz class flight from SeaTac to Atlanta, with their fake Seattle job SIN’s getting them through customs without any particular trouble, though the social members of the team have to briefly explain away Ruxpin’s strange noise-generating phenomenon. They arrange to meet Chaplain, Echo’s contact, in an airport mall steakhouse, where she says she can secure a private room and brief them on the job. They also contact Fagus Sol and debrief on the previous extraction, getting paid and congratulated on a job well done, with Grey Cell “challenge coins” provided to those who didn’t already have them from Detroit.

Aradia turns around and requests a favor from Sol- that he look into the Tarot set that both Nadja Daviar and the Black Lodge are seeking, and see if he can make any further sense of it. He gives them an initial breakdown of his thoughts based on his innate knowledge of the cards, but says he will report back if/when he discovers more. They head to the steakhouse and notice that it seems the guards and sensors have been bribed and/or programmed to ignore them as they are seamlessly ushered up to a private second floor meeting room. They find Chaplain waiting with some decent wine in chillers on the table.

She instructs them to order, eat and drink after their flight, which they do, engaging in light convo til they all finish. Chaplain has a very military vibe, and Echo confirms she’s another Colloton loyalist, though she also seems to have left the military recently and gone into the shadows, according to what little the team can find about her online. As everyone finishes eating and switches to coffee and cookies, she explains that a disgruntled ARES employee, Denise Collins, wants out, and that Chaplain has been engaged to assist with that, and transfer her to her new employer. She won’t elaborate as to who this may be, though Echo surmises that Colloton or other UCAS/anti-corp loyalists may be involved.

She offers solid pay, new job SIN’s, and the use of the room to review the dossier and plan for the rest of the afternoon. After some negotiation on the finer points, the team agrees. The job has two stages, with some sub-steps as well. They need to extract Denise Collins while making it look like an assassination, at least long enough to get her into the hands of a coyote in Nashville who will take her on the next leg from the team. They also need to, undetected, plant 1 bug in each of 4 conference rooms used by ARES in-house counsel on the floor above Collins’ office. They agree, and Chaplain heads out, providing one use burner numbers for herself, Collins, and the coyote.

Reviewing the dossier, they find a psych profile suggesting that Collins will be cooperative as she initiated the extraction through UCAS contacts, as she works in the Knight Errant magical research division, with specializations in Health magic and Metaplanar threats. She recently received a promotion after the move to Atlanta and has apparently seen worrying intel that she was not previously privy to. The dossier does not explain what intel. Also, as a lifelong Detroiter, she seems to have resented the way that ARES treated and then exited the city during the previous year’s bug crisis.

The team has extensive intel on building security, layout, schedule etc, as well as Collins’ schedule, and gets to work reviewing these and formulating a plan. With a few days to wait for their job gear, they decide to take Atlanta’s modern public transit over to the area, a new development biz zone on the edge of Downtown. The massive influx of ARES personnel and money seems to be shifting the center of gravity in the city towards ARES, with no other major AAA competition visible. Otters also finds some reports on the boards suggesting that ARES may be trying to foment unrest by arming and funding both pro- and anti-corp forces in order to themselves gain further power and control, with some speculating that the corp may be trying to create their own version of Aztlan’s relationship with AZT, but in the CAS.

They also hear some reports of a major shootout and undercover AZT incursion into Texas, seemingly trying to recover a lost asset, and think this may be related to their extraction of McClure in Seattle, as Grey Cell is likely moving him around a lot. Scouting the building, they find that the dossier seems accurate, but also gain a few further useful details to incorporate into their plans. They decide to tackle the bugs first, since they don’t need most of their gear for that part of the job. Heat flirts it up in the on-site bar in the lower floors public mall and arcade area, and gets invited up to employee housing. He purposefully has a not very memorable but not bad time, and gets some good interior security and protocols intel.

The next day, Otters builds a custom drone in the shell of one of the cleaning robots the ARES building uses. She adds two manipulator arms, one with tools and one with a data tap, as well as a small smuggling compartment for the bugs. They wait til the late evening, and then Aradia makes the drone look like one of the building security roto drones with a spell, and invisibly levitates herself up to a drone port on the floor of the conference rooms, while timing her ascent to avoid the watcher spirit patrols, as well as masking her spellcraft. Otters and the rest act as spotters on the TacNet to keep Aradia from getting clipped by any other drones or aircabs on the way.

At the 43rd floor, Aradia flies the drone up to the drone port, and Otters uses the arms to crack it open and jack in. Heat uses the direct access to bypass the public host and hack into the nested security host, adding the drones spoof chip to the approved users list for the port, while heading from the patrolling IC and observant Spider in the system. After the drone enters, with Aradia dropping her spell and descending, Heat removes it’s ID from the security list, and adds it to the approved cleaning drones for that floor. He stays in just long enough to confirm this gives it access through the small cleaning ports in the doors to the conference rooms before bailing out as his GOD score is dangerously high.

Otters pilots the drone around, using it’s gecko-tipped arms to carefully hide the bugs in obscure locations. She then takes the drone over to the main trash chute, partially disassembles it, and drives it in along with it’s assorted parts, to cover their tracks. They head back to the airport coffin motel again to rest, and finalize their plan for the extraction and faux assassination. The next day, Heat sets up a fake escort website, and programs a disguise mask for Aradia to match a profile. Aradia calls Collins to get her to book her fake profile for the evening, which Collins does, and also coaches Collins on how to behave and what to wear to not raise suspicions.

Ruxpin and Otters head to the river, and find some of the massive Mimic Snakes Otters heard rumors of basking and digesting in the sun. They trap a few and Ruxpin tears them open, finding some partially digested human and animal parts, which they bag up and mix with some acid and quicklime from a hardware store. They buy a fancy duffel bag and stuff it all in there for Aradia to smuggle in, and head over to the trainyard to pick up the van at the Maesk transit and shipping hub. With night descending and the plan in motion, Otters finds a stealthy spot to park nearby, after dropping Aradia off with her duffel of “toys” and changing the van appearance.

Aradia heads in, using her fake ID and profile, and gets a guest pass at the lobby reception, getting ushered up to Collins’ floor and residence by building security providing lowkey guidance over the internal sensors. Collins answers the door in appropriate negligee and both vamp it up a bit. As Aradia enters she casts a Silence spell, as Collins warns subtly that there is no video surveillance but may be audio. They dump the bag of dissolving bits in the bathtub, with Collins looking grossed out but keeping it together. She also casts a sterilize spell on the pile, to further obscure traces, and then cuts herself and bleeds on it a bit for good measure.

They then set up a fake ritual circle, with symbols copied from Black Lodge stuff Aradia has seen, and some burnt reagents and melted candles and the like scattered around, to make things further confusing. Aradia cleanses astral space to make it clear that someone cleaned up after, without actually having anything to obscure, aside from her own spellcraft. She also gets Collins to change into her mask and outfit, and makes herself invisible, once again instructing Collins how to behave to sell the trick. Aradia also levitates herself to not set off pressure sensors. With that, Collins (disguised as Aradia’s fake persona) exits the room with Aradia floating along invisibly behind her.

They descend to street level, with Collins managing to coyly bluff her way past the receptionists, who seems surprised to see “her” leaving so soon after arriving, apparently used to the executive’s bacchanals lasting somewhat longer. She carefully walks with the appropriate amount of sauciness (Aradia is a little impressed), and enters the van as Otters pulls it around, and drives off into the Atlanta night, preparing to hot foot it out of town to Nashville as soon as she clears ARES’ sensor area around their HQ and office complex.

Business As Unusual
10/28/2024, 11:21:50 AM
Runners
Otters aka Roadkill
Heat
Aradia
Echo
Ruxpin

The team has the day to do recon and planning for the job, while Moreau collects the specialty mission gear they’ve requested. They rent a van, get Morticia airborne, and head over to the financial district Downtown to check out Brackhaven Investments, spotted front and rear entrances as described in the dossier. Aradia is able to detect a mid-range, astral only ward around the top 10 levels of the 80 story building, where BI’s offices are located (the rest of the building is other financial and insurance firms). Otters spots a rooftop entrance and helipad, which is the only major update to the dossier they have been given by the Grey Cell mole inside the firm. Otherwise, all the data they were given checks out. So they start making a plan. Meanwhile, Ruxpin does his final day of travel towards Seattle inside the shipping container, sleeping in the van and shitting in the far corner.

After reviewing the rest of the dossier more thoroughly and incorporating their own recon, they think they have some good ideas of what to do, so Heat reserves a private aircab for a few hours for the next day, using his fake purloined ID, provided by Moreau. The team will all be posing and flagging as “Snohomish Farms” employees, a known metaracist company whose finances are managed by BI. Moreau says that a local runner, 9 Tails, is responsible for sourcing the ID’s, and Aradia happy to hear that Creep and Tabasco’s old friend is still kicking. Moreau also hands over an alchemical anti-tracking preparation to use on the target, McClure, to prevent AZT ritually tracking him during the initial escape. He also provides a custom mage/jammer hood, that is nicely lined for comfort.

The team rests, and wakes in the morning to find Ruxpin finally arrived, though once again he seems to be communicating via voice to text instead of just messaging. They take public transit over to the Tacoma port and pick up the van and Ruxpin, leaving the container, which is their current exfil plan for van and gear as well if everything goes to plan. They brief Ruxpin on the plan, and purchase synthskin masks for everyone, which Heat programs to match their stolen ID’s. Everyone splits off at that point to do some last minute job prep before the mission kicks off. Heat and Ruxpin get dropped off at the air cab rental facility, checking out the security etc on their rental chopper as cover for Heat quietly hacking into it, and both of them planning where to plant some explosives to later blow it up to help cover their escape. They made sure to request a remote piloted one to not have any unnecessary casualties.

Heat also notices Ruxpin standing back again, and inquires further about the strange matrix interference he seems to emit. He also notices Ruxpin subvocalizing to respond, and inquires about that as well. Ruxpin explains that his implanted commlink concierge does all his messaging etc for him, as he just uses voice to text. He gets temporarily added to he TacNet, but refuses to use standard target painting and info sharing tools, saying it will mess up his aim. Some on the team seem confused by his low-tech vibes, especially given the quantity and quality of his implants, but the rest win out on trusting him to know his own skills as he seems quite confident. At the appropriate time, Heat gets a backdoor into the chopper, planting a data tap to keep access, and allowing Otters to take over piloting it as needed.

Otters, meanwhile, is building a home-made EMP at the Clone Zone mall to blow any trackers, antennas, DocWagon etc on McClure after they get him out, and not wanting to buy one locally that AZT could potentially track down the maker of if they have a signature. Otters then spends a while looking at maps and test driving some routes, checking traffic data, and looking at the intel on the illegal street race that Grey Cell pulled some strings to make sure was happening at the same time as the planned extraction. Confirming that with the closeness of the AZT pyramid HQ to BI offices, and the heavy security overall Downtown (both Echo and Otters notice that there is a lot more surveillance tech under Potter, though not a heavy-handed presence), an “on the go” extraction is not the best plan, so they stick with the “during the meeting” extraction plan. Otters maps a few different escape routes based on all this, and sets the timing for the mission to be able to speed through open streets just after the racers go through, before civilian traffic fully picks back up.

Echo goes to an outdoor shop and buys glider parachutes for the team members who are breaching, plus Ruxpin and the two potential extraction targets. They then head to the lobby of BI and do some skilled chatting with the receptionist, posing as their stolen Snohomish Farms ID, and manage to arrange an end of day meeting with a financial adviser a few floors above (and an hour and a half before) the after-hours negotiation where their target will be. Echo secures landing permission for the chopper, plus the 3 necessary visitor passes for the breach team.

Aradia heads off to her meeting with Shiawase Daigou, at the ACHE, with the strange plant samples in tow. Ushered in by some white-gloved security, she once again finds herself in his spacious and well-appointed penthouse greenhouse, with impressive views around the city from 200 odd floors up. They share some tea and discuss the plant samples, with Daigou seemingly impressed at Aradia’s negotiation skills, forgiving her her owed favor for delivering the plants themselves, and granting one further favor in exchange for intel on where they came from and what Aradia suspicions are about the likely metaplanar connections there. She leaves, feeling satisfied, and the team all meets up at the helifield.

Everyone loads up in the chopper with the appropriate mission gear, and Otters heads out in the van with her combat drone hidden in the smuggling compartment to find a good spot to park nearby Downtown. She parks near some food trucks on a stretch where workers are gathering to get late lunches/early dinners, and makes the van look like a service vehicle to blend in. The rest of the team gets airborne, with Heat confirming he still has his backdoor in place. They also loop the onboard camera, and get their two explosives ready to go when needed- one rigged to set off some massive noise, cutting connection and the other to do a large explosion.

Ruxpin once again gets a few looks as the remote pilot apologizes for any slight choppiness as they are experiencing some as yet unidentified signal interference, but they reach the BI building helipad with no trouble, staying within the SkyGuide parameters the whole flight. Ruxpin stays aboard as the chopper enters a holding pattern in the area, circling the building in it’s pre-approved flight plan. The other 3 exit and are met by a harried looking receptionist who ushers them a few floors down to their meeting room, where they feel like they are getting the brush off. As they are left alone for a while, Heat loops the camera, and Aradia makes them all invisible. They sneak over to the fire stairs as the offices are shutting down for the night, and Heat hacks them through the door without setting off the alarm, as they lack the appropriate passkeys for that. They get a message from the Chromed Accountant that the mole, an ork woman using the name “Stacy Korn” who is passing for human, has been unable to extract herself, so they will need to get her out too.

They hide in the stairwell for around an hour as a few more harried assistant dash up and down past them with end of day biz, and wait near the exit onto the target floor, where Heat has hacked the door to enter when needed. Outside Ruxpin is surveilling, and sees BI employees setting up the conference room where the meeting will take place, but no AZT presence yet. Also he doesn’t have the best angle, so Otters will need to take direct control before long, setting off some alarms from both the rental company and SkyGuide. Otters, at street level, sees the AZT convoy arrive just in time, and just ahead of the street racers. Stealthily pulling out and maneuvering into position, she swaps the van camo to look like a racefan cam van. She then takes over the chopper and brings it down out of it’s approved flight path so Ruxpin has a better angle, and he readies his rifle, and spots the AZT delegation entering- 3 of them, as expected, while there are 6 on the BI side, but only two that look like security.

Given the signal, the team in the stairway sneaks out the fire door onto the 75th floor, with Aradia slipping forward and spotting the mage on the BI security team, and passing that info to Ruxpin. Unfortunately, the mage seems alert to spellcraft and seems to notice something amiss, so it’s go time! Aradia hits the whole conference room with a massive Silence spell, as Heat chucks another noise grenade directly onto the conference table. Ruxpin, with his pre-loaded custom clip, blasts out the armored window with and APDS round before dropping the mage Aradia ID’ed with S’N’S rounds, keeping it nonlethal. Also with nonlethal rounds, Heat and Echo manage to drop the AZT assistant behind McClure, who turns out to be some sort of fast-moving adept.

Before anyone on the BI side has a chance to respond, the other AZT guard pops some cyberweapons and almost takes Echo down with a cyber-SMG, while also chucking a grenade at the BI side, seeming to think this is a trap they’ve set. The team sees the mole dive for cover but catch some shrapnel, as the reaming BI bodyguard tries to pull the suits back from the explosive, not fully successfully. The bodyguard opens up on Heat, who barely dodges back out the door, with a briefcase SMG, before Ruxpin drops him as well, with Otters steadying the chopper to support his shots. Ruxpin, Heat and Echo also manage to drop the AZT cybersoldier without taking any more damage. McCLure mouths “thank you” at them, gesturing at the nonlethal weapons they’ve used, and they set off the EMP on him and his KO’ed guards as planned.

Heat and Echo are getting chutes on and onto McClure and the injured mole, with Echo giving her a rallying pep talk. Aradia swaps her synthskin mask onto McClure and physically matches herself to him. She makes McClure and the mole invisible and uses her magic specialities to sneak them both out the building’s ward along with their spells without alerting anyone. Heat and Echo then follow, alerting security but hopefully good cover for the extraction targets escaping. Aradia levitates herself, but briefly gets hung up on the ward in her rush to get out, and sees the two AZT guards staggering back to consciousness and spotting her- luckily disguised as McClure! She frees herself and ascends up towards the chopper, with Otters doing some risky close flying to get near enough to the building for Ruxpin to reach out and grab her, supported by his jury-rigged gunner’s sling.

They race for the Sound at max speed, ignoring SkyGuide alerts about unsafe routing etc, as Aradia punches in a call to Shiawase Daigou, apologizing for calling in the favor so fast, but asking if her and Ruxpin can land some chutes on Shiawase Island. He agrees, and tell them to safety their weapons, after confirming they have no illicit intent there. Otters is also busy pulling the van around into catch position, as well as swarm piloting all 4 chutes down to ground- accelerating them to what seems a dangerous level to those descending to hurry things along. She manages to pop the van up on a high curb and swing all 4 chutes inside in sequence with minimal damage to those landing, helping catch everyone with the van arm, and then speeding off.

Heat finally has time to check his Overwatch Score again and tells the chopper team to get out and set off the grenades now as Otters gives it one last push out over the water. Heat cuts connection just before his GOD score rolls over past the threshold, and Aradia drops her physical mask, levitates herself and Ruxpin out of the chopper invisibly, and sends the signal to the pre-programmed grenades. The noise grenade detonates first, just as the remote pilot seems to regain control, with the explosive following after, sending the wreckage plummeting down towards the waters of the Sound. They pop their chutes and start descending, with Otters swarm piloting them again as she races the van south through Downtown towards SeaTAC.

Meanwhile, Echo uses the alchemical prep from Moreau on McClure, who hops into the smuggling compartment, complimenting them on their professionalism, and Otters’ drone stands guard on top of the compartment. They also hook the mole up to the Valkyrie module to stabilize her from her grenade and hard landing wounds. Otters swaps van camo, plate, ID etc in/under a high traffic tunnel area where she knows from her earlier recon some sensors are down. She then swaps strategy and stealth drives into a park and ride lot on the outskirts of the airport, swapping everything again. While doing this, she also successfully speed pilots the two chutes down onto Shiawase Island, where Ruxpin lands pretty well, and manages to prevent Aradia from having a devastating crash, though she is still knocked out.

Ruxpin is surprised to find some Shiawase special forces waiting for them, but amused when one of them recognizes him from a cross-training exercise the PCC and other NAN states did with their new Free Seattle neighbors, since there is a less hostile relationship there (so far) than with the UCAS. He safeties and breaks down his weapon as promised, with the Shiawase troops admiring his gear as their sergeant regales them with some non-specific tails of Ruxpin’s skills. Aradia staggers back to consciousness and thanks them for their help. They provide a carryable hard case for the runner’s illicit gear, and give them walking directions across the nicely landscaped island to the evening ferry to the Downtown docks. They head there and wait for pickup by the team. Meanwhile, after not detecting any pursuers, Otters finally gets the dropoff point and heads there.

They take a long drive to the south of town, deep into rural Puyallup, meeting up with a Grey Cell team just inside the Crocker Mines there, where they take possession of McClure, who wishes them well through his hood. They exchange the appropriate passcodes to confirm ID with the GC team, and then head back to town to pick up the other two, swapping van ID etc one last time in the off-grid area they are in. They drop the van and all the mission gear back at the shipping container, and report into Moreau. Deciding to continue with their extraction travel missions, they had it sent to Atlanta to meet them, while they all fly biz class. They convince Ruxpin to fly with them, as with 3 faces on the team, they assume they can safely explain away his strange wireless interference field. Successful mission though! They are feeling hyped for another one, and excited about the new teammate, assuming Ruxpin wants to stick around, as he seems very effective.

Enemy of My Enemy Is My Enemy
10/21/2024, 10:32:11 AM
Runners
Otters aka Roadkill
Heat
Aradia
Echo
the Exit of: Pepper Jack
and the Introduction of: Ruxpin

Just as the fight with the Black Lodge is about to kick off, Aradia takes a more thorough look at the situation and has a change of heart- this ritual is smaller than the ones in Detroit that were lethal when disrupted, and it looks like this group is being cautious and has expended a large quantity of reagents to limit their drain. Also, 6 mages vs 2 is starting to not feel like great odds. PPJ is unhappy but goes along with it, managing to keep his need for vengeance from dominating. Echo and Heat stop firing at the barrier while negotiations commence, though Aradia has Heat send a message to Laffy and Tessa to tip them to the BL presence and request backup, though also requests they don’t hit til the team is clear.

Aradia wheels and deals a bit, with PPJ occasionally trying to jump in with some menace but being out-menaced. They get the feeling they may have been speaking to Dexter Wright at first, but an unknown woman takes over, using a voice changer. Otters quickly downloads a bunch of illicit tracking software and she and Heat make as good of a voiceprint as they can to try to recognize the woman in the future if they encounter her again. She explains that they are after Arcane because of his involvement/presence at the site of a number of unstable astral points in town, especially as they know he is Fae and has the ability to make portals.

They give the team the relevant data they had collected, and a secure matrix dropbox to send contrary proof to if they want to clear Arcane’s name- the BL say that he’s proven too adept at avoiding capture to risk further exposure by them, so it’s either kill him or leave him alone, for now. The team agrees, and as their part of the bargain, tips the BL to the true alliance messing with Denver’s astral space and metaplanes: Disians + MCT + AZT. They leave out the Null Sect, as this BL chapter doesn’t seem overly interested in the matrix, and the team isn’t sure what the state of BL/NS alliance is after/outside of Detroit. With that deal made, Otters uses some more of her illicit new software to ID which of the cars parked outside has ARES registration, and thus is Dexter Wright’s, and Aradia feeds that intel to Laffy and Tessa, telling them to hit him when he leaves, as the ritual the BL was midway through looks to be to summon a hydra- not a good option to mess with!

The team levitates or sneaks away as the BL maintain their magical barrier and presumably either complete or wind down their ritual safely, and rejoin Otters at the college coffehouse nearby. They take a series of cabs through the Hub to a parking garage, where they pause to analyze the data the BL provided. It does show Arcane at a bunch of astral instabilities, but the team realizes he only is showing up after they asked him to investigate exactly those phenomena, so it seems like it is sort of their fault. They also spot that it seems like someone has combined multiple areas of dangerous magical research to make some new advancements- using old BL ideas about stabilizing portals with sacrifice magic, alongside MCT’s experiments into using magical friction/pressure differentials at border zones/conflict ares to generate energy, it seems that someone is creating numerous stable portal spots throughout town.

Currently, these don’t seem to open to consistent metaplanar destinations, but it seems someone is prepared for that too- capture teams in unmarked vans are waiting to bag and tag whatever odd critters or metaplanar denizes come through when the portals open. Otters sees a variety of lifeforms she has only heard rumors of as well as a number she doesn’t recognize. The team also uses their target tracking/gait analysis software to ID one of the armored capture team as the non-lethal, amoral bounty hunter Midnight, and plan to follow up. They worry that this may be either proof that Rex Coll is up to something devious, or further evidence in a chain leading to whoever he may be working for (outside his official role at the Draco Foundation).

Feeling good about trusting Arcane still, they rotate SIN’s and Otters gets a fancy smuggler cab to take them to his safehouse. However, on the way, Otters decides to check in with Niki the Gardener since it’s been a while, and eventually gets ahold of her- however, she doesn’t know who Otters is, and seems to think she’s been operating out of STL for some time. Otters arranges to send her some nuyen to dig further into Project ANIMUS, and then reports this to the team, a bit concerned. PPJ takes a closer look at Otters, alongside Heat, and they find two interesting things: there is a hardwired offline chipslot with a well-concealed flesh port cover, and there is a long-healed circular burn scar just at the nape of Otters’ neck, a little larger than a standard data jack port size.

With Otters excited about the prospect of using BTL’s again, Heat investigates the chip slot further, and finds it is loaded with a running BTL, labelled “NOREGRETS”, and before anyone else can respond, Heat yanks it out, recording Otters face flash with some unfamiliar emotions as Heat reminds her what she did to him as a child, before Otters quickly snatches the chip back and reinserts, deciding she doesn’t need BTL’s in general, but definitely needs this one. The regret fades, but the memory of those momentary emotions remains. Heat slow-motions, edits and replays the brief expressions on Otters’ face, which he finds a bit emotionally helpful. Otters, worried about what this may have triggered, asks StepMAMA to check their outgoing comms, and she reports that when the chip was removed, “Otters” sent a single transmission to the NE grid- NYC/DeeCee/Boston area somewhere, to a repeater that has now gone offline.

Heat wants to investigate further, but they don’t have a good lead to follow at the moment, until in a panic, Otters recalls that she also paid Peregrine to look into Project ANIMUS. She calls him up, and he says he has just recovered from a bad injury but seems to think he’s never been to Denver and doesn’t recall their dealing there. He does remembers the team and all the Detroit stuff, but still very suspicious. Otters sends him proof of their meeting over his denials, and he says he’ll have his tech people analyze as he seems to believe that the team must have been fooled by an imposter. With that settled for now, they head to Arcane, relieve Magnum and Goldsmoke, who report no new threats, and head inside to debrief.

Arcane is relieved by their report, though also unhappy to “ally” with the Black Lodge at an level, and annoyed that they know his secret. However, he provides his own notes and data to disprove him being the cause, and they team sends them off to the BL dropbox. They get a message back a short while later saying their proof is acceptable, and also offering work against GW, if the team is interested. The BL also pass along a warning to Arcane- Disians have begun to encroach at the Seelie Court, and their attempts to warn people there have been met with deaf ears- perhaps confirming that the BL is indeed behind the Shadow Tourmaline in the Great Hall. Arcane also confirms that if the BL tries to blackmail him with knowledge of his Fae nature, threat of exposure etc, he will let the team know. He pays them well for their work, and the offers to guide a team therapy session, as they seems a little stressed and on edge.

They agree, and Heat and Otters get into it first- Heat asking more of Otters than she is capable of/willing to give in terms of real emotional response and accountability. They do make a little progress though, especially in terms of how to communicate less condescendingly on Otters’ behalf, and how to perhaps take some small wins on Heat’s. PPJ goes next and explains that he will be taking a break from the team, wanting to focus on ‘hooding and working directly for good (by his definition) against what he views as the evil alliance that has emerged (Disians etc, along with GW’s tyranny and AZT’s astral sacrifices to a lesser degree). The team is a bit surprised, and they get into a long discussion about morals vs money, personal motivations and philosophies and the like, and actually learn a good amount about one another.

Heat tries to leave things on a good note with PPJ, who kind of brushes him off, but seems good with the team overall, just headed in a different direction after a number of recent group decisions didn’t go his way, in a way he finds baffling and amoral. The rest of the team agrees to aim to do good a little more often as well, alongside getting paid, and arrange a way for Otters or others to directly hire Heat for bonus pay to help on some of those jobs when he is reluctant. PPJ still makes his exit, but says he hopes to see them out on the streets and will keep in touch. Echo and Aradia have less personal business to open up to the group, though they also get into their motivations, goals, etc. Arcane declares it a good session, and then tries to talk them all into removing team votes to kill one another, which they roundly refuse, so he backs off. They all feel that they have gotten significantly closer to him in the process as well, along with saving his life.

They head back to the safehouse and rest, and wake to some disturbing news from Detroit- Peregrine was hit and killed by an out of control self-driving car, blamed on the still under-reconstruction Motor City grid. Worried, they check STL news as well, and see that Niki was also taken out in a similar accident, though noone on the shadow boards seems to have made the connection besides them. They call Fargus Sol and warn him about ANIMUS, giving him the relevant details as they have them, and warning him off investigating it further due to the danger. He also reports in on his investigation into Le Masque’s background- he is indeed French, and worked with the vamp merc corp Messerzahn during the AZT/AM war, Bravo Company and the 77th Indy Rangers both consider him a dangerous adversary. The team decides to wait and see what he offers next before deciding if they want to keep working with him.

Sol also tells them that Grey Cell is ready for the team’s extraction job in Seattle, finally having gotten the opening they need. He offers transit docs, smuggling assistance, job ID’s, and expenses, plus he has some ideas for muscle in town to hire on, since PPJ called and told him he had left the crew. Sol suggests they hire someone before leaving Denver, as a Seattle local would be easier for AZT to trace afterwards. He gives them a secure number to call when they get to Seattle for their on the ground handler as well. They set up a meeting with his top reco for muscle, a skilled ex-miltary sniper/brawler named Ruxpin, who’s new to both Denver and running, so won’t have much a trail for AZT to follow. They set a meeting for a park in Brighton, and the take care of some prep biz for the day.

Heat also calls Hype and fills him in on ANIMUS (leaving Otters out for now), aiming to get him interested, and maybe does a little too good of a job, as Hype seems hyped to be getting further into the “making memories” biz. But Heat figures he has enough power and corp cover to be able to safely look into it. He tells the team after, and they all reluctantly conceded it’s a good idea. They also see some local news that Laffy and Tessa did indeed hit Dexter Wright as he was driving through the Hub, but came under heavy fire from his ARES security detail, and it is unclear if they survived. One BL local leader down though! And hopefully not directly traceable to the team. They head out to the meeting with Ruxpin, finding a somewhat scarily overgrown town turned park, with a menacing and somewhat hypnotic aura amidst the rampant growth.

Ruxpin is a large human, very muscular, with some high end implants and a military bearing. He explains he is a sniper and close combat specialist, but didn’t bring his gear to the meeting, and when questioned further, runs off overland to his safehouse and returns with some high end scout/spec ops equipment, which Echo ID’s as being PCC issue, though de-flagged. Ruxpin explains he is recently out of the PCC military, and Echo confirms that won’t be a problem, keeping some of his pro-UCAS feelings to himself in the moment. Ruxpin also manages to avoid taking too much offense at Heat’s bumbling questions about the location and political situation of the PCC, mistaking it briefly for the CAS before being gently corrected. Overall Ruxpin seems a bit brusque but quite confident in his abilities. More worryingly, he seems to passively give off some noise, which Heat detects.

So they decide Ruxpin while travel in the team van, which will be loaded with all their team gear, as his noise emittance could be an issue on commercial flights, while the rest of the team takes a biz-class sub-orbital. The van will be shipped overland to a seaport in a sealed container (with air and supplies) and then literally shipped up to Seattle, so the team will have a few days on the ground to make plans ahead of it’s arrival, which lines up with the mission timeline. Aradia also notices that there may be an astral crossing nearby in the park, and after some investigating, determines it may be to the plane of Beautiful Death, a strange and dangerous plant realm. ChewGum was fascinated with it, so they review his notes, and Aradia buys a fresh Vault of Ages to mount in the van, and preserve some samples from the park to bring to Shiwase Daigou on her return to Seattle, to pay off an old favor.

With that, the team stocks up on necessary gear, and Otters gets her permits in order to bring Morticia on the plane as her emotional support bird. They take off, with Heat rampantly flirting with the flight attendants, who bring him extra champagne, blankets, and the like (though these do turn out to be available upon request to the others as well). Echo also decides to play a fun prank, and tells one of the flight attendants it’s Heat’s birthday, getting everyone in biz class to sing him happy birthday as they descend into Seattle and present him with a warn cookie with a glowing e-candle. He’s delighted until he realizes Echo set it up, having thought his flirting has gotten him extra perks. But the cookie’s still good.

They land, and Heat calls up Marli Bremerton and Althea, and makes plans to swing by their Downtown mansion, as they explain they can’t go out at the moment. Otters heads downtown to seek out some private cyber-surgery, using the info broker Rei Bluestone to find a reliable and discrete clinic. Aradia makes an appointment with Shiawase Daigou to prevent the plant samples upon their expected arrival, and Echo kicks around, getting a feel for the town and quietly resenting the free city movement. Heat arrives to his music hang to find a haunted and well-protected Victorian mansion, a bit dilapidated and quite out of place in it’s relatively tony Downtown neighborhood, though it seems it has kept the block around it from getting too far ahead with it’s odd vibes.

Heat enters, carefully ignoring the various ghostly manifestations, glimpses of spectral fire and the like, as he isn’t interested or impressed. He is however, delighted to see Marli and Althea again, though still confused at how Althea is Marlis’ niece as they look about the same age. They tell him the house’s spirits are restless at the moment and they can’t go out, plus they don’t do live appearances in town. Heat is disappointed, until they invite him to jam with them at the house, and Heat gets permission to invite Aradia along to check out the astral and maybe do some fun illusions alongside Althea. They also tell him they’ll have a special guest arriving after dark, and then they spend some time noodling until then. Aradia arrives and quickly determines that the ghostly manifestations are from a bad house fire in the the early 1900’s, which seems to have kept them there, though they seem appeased by music, dancing, illusions etc as it seems like it was maybe a speak-easy of sorts.

Shortly after dark, a cloaked figure enters, and Heat is shocked to recognize the legendary rocker Jetblack as he slips out of his disguise. He also doesn’t seem to have aged a day, much like his 2050’s musical peer Marli. Odd. They get into jamming, with Jetblack complimenting Heat on his set in Denver, which he says he streamed to catch Marli’s gig. He tells Heat to start jamming and he’ll try to keep up, doing some impressively fast tapping on his classic axe to match Heat’s hyperspeed beats. Marli floats over the top with some synths, and they seem to really be locking into something as Heat sees a familiar strange silhouette appear on a nearby vidscreen, The wild-haired dancing figure once again offers inspiration, and Heat accepts, receiving a small program from a Music Sprite, and feeling like their performance has reached a transcendent level. Heat also spots vamp fangs as Jetblack gets into and makes some “guitar face”, which explains his apparent youth, but is still baffled by Marli as she doesn’t bear obvious signs.

Aradia is content to listen along with Althea, occasionally contributing some illusions that seem to please the spectral audience. The musicians all explain that this is just for them and can’t be shared elsewhere, as both Jetblack and Marli value their privacy. They do however invite Heat along to a digital gig, explaining that they’ve both cultivated various matrix Idol/Idoru personas over the years to keep performing while keeping to themselves IRL. He accepts, and they suggest he spend a little time developing a persona and a new sound before the gig, as the exclusive 6th level of the digital Dante’s Inferno club Downtown (well, in the matrix, but also streamed into the physical club). Excited to start figuring this out, Heat and Aradia leave just after Jetblack, just as the sun is starting to come up. They take public transit out to Auburn to meet up with Otters and Echo, who have secured a safehouse through their local Grey Cell contact, who Otters is delighted to find is her old friend Moreau!

However, Moreau seems to have gone even further down the “biodrones are inherently unethical, but sadly irreversible” path, and is glad Otters hasn’t made more since Morticia, though he seems to regret his part in crafting her. He explains that he has some new friends who keep him more level-headed, and Otters realizes he is talking about more animals and is maybe still spending too much time with them, though he seems overall to be doing a lot better mentally. They arrange to meet at a secure hacker space as the Clone Zone mall after the team links up, and check out the safehouse and parking situation at the semi-abandoned Auburn Junction mall. Aradia is a little saddened to remember that this was where Tabasco’s safehouse, complete with racecar bed, was located, as she looks at the dragon-blasted ruin of that corner of the complex.

They all rest a bit and head to the meet, finding Moreau a little distant as he rhapsodizes about his explorations of a newly “discovered” plane, Tandora, also sometimes referred to as the “land of dinosaurs” which he says is misrepresentative, though not entirely untrue. They get him back on task, and he introduces them to his pair of hell-hound BFF"s, Stoker and Shelley, and tells them about some other members of his pack as well. He seems a little relieved to be talking to real live humans again, though, and gives them the mission briefing. Handing over a data chip with the specifics, he provides the overview. Their target, an AZT exec and board member named McClure, will secretly be in town to deal with some money management issues for the corp.

For background, Moreau explains that many corps had kept sizeable investments with Brackhaven Investments in case the former Governor regained power, especially if the Free City agenda failed or if the UCAS pushed back. But even with the ascension of the Arch-Conservatives in the post-Blackout election in the UCAS, Seattle remains free, and Corinne Potter remains popular and in charge (and seemingly not a despot, at least not openly), so the corps are starting to distance themselves from Brackhaven as he and his politics look like more of a liability than an asset in the new Seattle. However, as they don’t want to completely burn the contact, AZT is sending a high level exec to do the final negotiations on divestments and fund transfers. This is the first and best chance Grey Cell has encountered to extract McClure since he made contact with Ringmaster when the team last visited Zecorporatum.

Moreau suggests extracting him during the meeting, as most of his security will be a few floors away, so they might be able to avoid major combat if they’re careful. He also explains that due to compartmentalization, he doesn’t himself know the name of their inside source, he is just running this op. But the source may also need to be extracted from the meeting if they aren’t able to avoid attending and extract themselves, as this job will burn them for sure. Moreau tells them that when they are ready to go in, they are to make contact with a local runner named “the Chromed Accountant”, who will give them the source’s name and biometrics if they need to be extracted as well. Moreau says that they have arranged for a popular local street racing club to be holding a race Downtown near to the office at the time of the meeting to distract cops and provide some cover if the team wants to make use of that as well.

He suggests that the team pose as human supremacists when extracting McClure, as they can easily pass since they are currently an all-human team, which they all suddenly feel a bit weird about. But Moreau suggests that it’s very plausible that Brackhaven’s allies in the supremacist movement would take offense at the corps distancing themselves, and want to make an example of an exec if they can get their hands on one. So this could be good misdirection, especially if they feel like faking McClure’s death in the process. He assumes AZT will have ritual samples and use them to track/confirm death, and says that Grey Cell has a plan to get him out of the city, but won’t give the team details until they are out of the office tower with the target day of. The team agree, and plans to spend the next day and a half doing recon, prep, and planning until Ruxpin arrives with the gear and the van and it’s go time.

Meanwhile, Ruxpin cleans his gun, polishes his knucks, does push-ups, and lightly journals as he feels the container he is in shift from rail to sea on his long journey to Seattle.

Arcane's Bane
10/14/2024, 10:35:54 PM
Runners
Otters aka Roadkill
Pepper Jack
Heat
Aradia
Echo

Arriving back at the safehouse after the Vishala interrogation, the team debriefs Aradia and ends up in a lengthy argument about what info to double sell when ethics are involved, with some of the team insisting that ethics don’t factor in (for or against), and after refusing to agree on base definitions of terms they take an inconclusive vote leaving noone particularly happy. Aradia catches the team up on what she’s been up to, and explains her revelation that the extermination of the Sisterhood of Ariadne was likely the fault of MCT/Dis rather than the Black Lodge, though the BL had infiltrated the group and was effectively running it in secret.

They tell Fargus Sol what they feel they can share without violating client confidentiality with “Le Masque” as they are now calling him. They also haven’t decided for sure how to respond to the revelation of his “true” identity, though Otters and the other Detroit survivors still on the team recall making a deal with AZT to do deep cover work for them in Denver in exchange for smuggling them and their gear in, and realize that Le Masque may have been so chill about it because he sort of thought they already knew. Regardless, PPJ doesn’t want to work with him further and some of the others are iffy but he did promise higher pay for the next job so TBD.

They do some research and find that he has a bad (or at least dark) rep in certain circles due to his use of Blood Magic on prisoners during the AZT/AM war from the early/mid-70’s, but don’t find conclusive stuff of him being explicitly worse than others involved. He has a rep for being dangerous and very skilled at illusion, disguise, accent etc, but isn’t known for betrayal, except when he’s on an infiltration mission against an opponent. So they ask Sol to also dig into Le Masque’s background a little further in exchange for tipping him to dig further into the Asintmah Alliance. He had heard of the group but doesn’t seem fully clued in, so they hope he can get there without having to compromise their norms, as he often seems to have better info than them anyway. Noone is willing to give Heat permission to share info on an equivalent basis with Horizon so they leave it there.

He reminds them they have an extraction coming up for Grey Cell after Otters inquires about work opportunities, and they say they will start getting ready soon and head for Seattle when they’re ready. Aradia also calls up and threatens Vishala’s former boss at MCT, Shinju Sho, who says they will regret not sharing intel as promised, but then Aradia covers her tracks by sending evidence that Sho was trying to hire the team on the side without company approval to her contact Carol Staples in Chicago. The team hopes this will effectively neutralize Sho, who had already suffered an embarrassing demotion due to Vishala, but time will tell. They rest, and upon awakening, receive the panicked call from Arcane- someone is trying to kill them!

They head over to his office as he says he is safe for now, but doesn’t want to debrief on the phone. Arriving, they look around, and seeing no immediate threats in any realm are allowed in. Arcane talks them through a series of escalating attacks on him in the last half day, which seem to have started as capture attempts and escalated to assassination. The team gets some leads from debriefing him, and decides to split into 3 groups- PPJ will stay onsite and guard Arcane, hiring on Magnum and Goldsmoke again to act as additional security, while Arcane spends some time astrally tracking the most recent attacker- a powerful summoned spirit.

Otters and Echo will leave the Hub as they both need gear to operate fully, and investigate the first attack, by the Warrens gang the Zombies. Heat and Aradia will stay in the Hub and track down the bounty hunter who made the second attack, having relatively easily tracked down the guy in question based on his particular appearance. Before they all split off, the team suggests that it’s time Arcane shared a little more about how he escaped his various attackers, survived his wounds, and generally seems to have some unusual magical abilities, and he explains that although he was raised for most of his youth as British gentry as advertised, his mother is the Queen of Roses, a powerful Wild Fae, and that he has access to a limited selection of her fae abilities.

He also tells them a bit about his runner past with Cat and others, and confirms that he is the expert he otherwise appears to be, as well, including baffling Echo by claiming, seemingly accurately, that he speaks and reads all known languages. Suitably impressed, the party splits. Echo insists on trying diplomacy first, and they stop by the Paradise Lost mall in the Warrens, and get a custom chainsaw glaive made for the leader of the Zombies at Rattler’s shop, after Otters thinks about the local gang situation and consults with PPJ.

Echo also gets some useful gossip on the current state of affairs in the Warrens and with the gang while drinking in Frantic’s bar while waiting for the glaive to be finished. They drive it over to Zombie’s turf, and Otters and Echo approach on foot, successfully presenting it as a gift rather than a challenge, and throw in a little additional cash to get the beleaguered gangers talking, while Otters keeps the van HMG concealed but ready. The leader Ohnee tells them they got hired for a simple kidnap job on “some nerd” confirming the target as Arcane, but that he hit them with a massive stunball (explaining their banged up state) and then a huge spirit showed up and pushed their warbus out of the road as he drove off in his dinky little roadster.

With a little prompting, Ohnee gets one of the gang’s ghoul members, sporting some fresh cyber-eyes, to share footage of the meet with the Johnson, and running the face through Mona Lisa, they ID him as one Dexter Wright, a local ARES middle manager. Odd. As their best guess so far is Null Sect, they warn the gangers to stay off grid for a while, which they don’t seem to view as an issue since they’re fairly low tech. Ohnee happily swings the chain glaive wildly about overhead as the runners make a careful exit. Meanwhile, Heat and Aradia have headed underground and made their way to the infamous smuggler bar 5×5, where their target, Midnight, is waiting.

After he confirms that the barkeep and other patrons have seen him with the runners, he takes them out of the bar, not giving Heat time to buy a drink, and explains that you don’t do biz in there- house rules. He is happy to tell them that he took a capture and deliver contract, dumped a ton of stick’n’shock into Arcane, and the slippery little fucker still escaped. Shortly after, the pay got upgraded but it switched to wetwork, so he dropped the contract- he doesn’t kill, as a rule. The team tries to warn him of the Null Sect threat, but he doesn’t seem to know what they’re talking about and doesn’t seem concerned. For some extra pay, he offers to look into who took the assassination contract, as he shows them on an encrypted app that it is open but “in progress”.

Heat impresses everyone by using his much-maligned Horizon contacts to get the name of the hirer of the wetwork contract- something called the “Mountain Edge Society”. Aradia has a faint memory, and manages to recall that she had heard a tip that a lot of local Black Lodge activity is run through that same company, so it looks like this may not be the Null Sect after all. Midnight gets back to them, and reports that the hitman is one “Boom-Boom” a somewhat psycho explosives and missiles-lover. PPJ and Goldsmoke get a little worried about a faint puff of smoke they see a half-block distant, and as they focus in they see a bald human with a stick of dynamite in his teeth lighting and pinching out the fuse. He sees them at the same time, and launches a missile, but PPJ manages to lightning bolt it in midair, detonating it early, very impressive.

He and Goldsmoke hustle back inside as they lose sight of their target and the ZDF quickly responds. As the team regathers and shares all their respective intel, Arcane reports that he managed to track the summoned spirit to a strip mall and industrial area on the NW edge of the Hub, but can’t get a specific lock- someone did some work to obscure their trail, astrally. Doing some research, Otters finds that ARES owns a large magnet school in the area, so they decide to start their search there. After Otters fails to smuggle their weapons into the Hub, they decide to just do recon for now, and scout out the school. Heat spots a nested high security host tied to a building hidden away in a windowless courtyard on the campus, with a single private entry road.

Otters does some surveillance with Morticia, and spots a hatch on the roof that look promising, so Aradia and PPJ go invisible and levitate in that direction, seeing that there is both a high force magical barrier inside the building, and seemingly an even higher force ritual inside it in progress. Heat, also invisible, sneaks up the access road, and hacks into one of the cars in the private lot, giving Otters access. However, he bungles the hack a bit and has to go aggro, which alerts a guard inside, who exits, and blasts Heat with an SMG before Otters pins the guard to the door with the hacked car, and Echo rushes up and executes him with his own gun, before Otters rams the door open and Echo uses the guards keycard and biometrics to gain access.

Up top, PPJ uses his strange magic hands to reach inside the roof hatch and open it, and he and Aradia slip inside. Both halves of the team are confronted with an opaque magical barrier, and PPJ and Aradia slip through above using Aradia’s special training, while Echo and Heat open fire from below. Inside, they find 6 cloaked mages (obviously BL from the symbology), who seem to have safely paused their ritual after the security alerts the team set off entering. One of them suggests they would be wise to stop firing on the magical barrier, while another of the mages works to fortify it. PPJ manages to restrain himself, leaving it to Aradia to make the call, though the team below continues firing until they hear otherwise….

Revelations and Revenge
10/7/2024, 4:24:41 PM
Runners
Otters aka Roadkill
Pepper Jack
Heat
Echo

Aradia spends some more time researching local Black Lodge activity, checking in with Laffy, Tessa and Arcane on their own research. No major leads but definitely some concerns about strange magical happenings around town, and Aradia gets a few leads to follow up on. She also reviews the team file about what happened with the Sisterhood of Ariadne after she temporarily left the group in Seattle, and is disturbed to find that MCT may have wiped out the magical order to get the mana picture of Dis that Aradia had taken on the moon, and given to them to study. Although Aunt Clara’s mysterious Black Lodge handler “JB” remains unidentified, Aradia decides her beef is less with the BL and more with MCT/Dis, so changes her goals there. She also makes contact with some matrix sex workers, including the Catholic kink collective Nasty Habits, currently based in Hong Kong’s grid, and hosts a party/debrief for the first batch of Denver SW’ers who’ve returned from the inaugural work trip to the Seelie Court.

The rest of the group meets up and plans to get the details on Vishala’s latest hideout from Le Guide. However, the conversation quickly devolves into a debate about the nature of sentience, initiated by Echo, which ends up with StepMAMA signing the team norms and agreeing to take a cut of jobs she participates in. She also reveals that she is what she refers to as an “emerged intelligence” or “EI” (as opposed to the more traditional “AI”). She doesn’t seem to fully understand how this occurred, agreeing that she began as the expert Agent program MAMA, which was damaged in Detroit and repaired by Heat, though it seems like between something that Heat did then (but doesn’t understand) and with Test having done some astral language repair on her post-Seelie Court, she became fully sapient.

They ask if there are others like her, and she confirms that she is in contact with some, but that their secret is not hers to share, but that the team does not have enmity with them (so not Null Sect, who the team surmises would dislike her form of life anyway). Reviewing the team file, they find that she had previously used similar terms when describing the matrix sanctuary that she helped to transfer the e-ghost known as The Seer too, back when they were researching glyphs early on in Denver. So it seems like whoever this contact of hers is/are, they have been background allies for some time, so the team goes along with it. Heat insists on some parameters around how the pay is split, and they settle that with everyone agreeing to chip in so that Heat gets what would be a full share if StepMAMA weren’t counted, which seems to mollify him, though he is as usual a little weird around money stuff, or at least with how the rest of the group seems to feel about it. Maybe they’re the weird ones….

About to call Le Guide, they again pause to get the promised info they gathered on the ops team in the last mission to Rat Queen to pay off their favor owed. She confirms that this is a no morals/anything for pay crew who contracts out with the runner Clockwork sometimes when he needs a bigger physical presence beyond his drones, and that they have been known to snatch and sell TM’s. The team decides to try to burn Clockwork on Jackpoint by posting what evidence they have of his Null Sect ties, but PPJ cleverly decides to do some research first after Otters can’t remember her password, as she rarely uses the forum. PPJ sees that Clockwork is a member and frequent poster, disliked by many but very active.

He seems to hold grudges, seek revenge where possible, and hate TM’s/e-life forms. Not wanting him to know their street names/handles, they forgo posting on JP for now, and Heat shares the info with Perri at the Nexus instead, which she appreciates and says she’ll dig into further. The team finally contacts Le Guide to get things rolling, and gets the brief on her new hideout- a shipping container assemblage in an industrial park in Stapleton. She seems to have entered (looking injured) and not left in a few days, and the place is guarded by some gangers and a trio of cybered-up mercs. There doesn’t seem to be onsite magical defenses externally, but there are some angry spirits around.

With all that, the team decides to research it further themselves, and heads out. PPJ projects over, and confirms that there are more corrupted spirits, not as far gone as the ones at the ice rink, but along a similar path. They are circling the area but not approaching, and other spirits are diverting around them and the area. PPJ confirms no exterior magical defenses, but sees some small mana ebb areas, where perhaps some of Vishala’s weapons were detonated, perhaps explaining why the spirits aren’t approaching closer at the moment. Heat checks out the matrix and notices that once again, their exterior defenses and sensors are fried, and the patrolling gangers are operating with comms off, using handheld walkies to communicate when needed. There are signs that the Null Sect may have attacked the site in the matrix recently, though Heat can’t spot any around.

Otters does a surveillance pass with Morticia, and gets the guard’s patrol pattern down. The gangers seem to have fortified most of the entrances and only use a few to come and go, with the bodyguards popping out from time to time to check in on the exterior patrols, but staying inside themselves. Otters and PPJ ID the gangers as the Smooth Criminals, a human supremacist, mostly ex-military gang, that got kicked out of the Warrens during the Reclamation and is now based in the somewhat lawless Colorado Springs. It seems like the bulk of the gang is on-site, and has decent equipment and tactics, though hampered by reduced comms ability. Echo is able to ID the 3 mercs as siblings named Grim, Arbalest and Animal, ex-UCAS spec ops who went over to the merc/runner side of things post-Reclamation. They don’t have affiliation with the gang other than the military connection, and aren’t known to be human supremacists, though they are regarded as being another money over morals crew. They are much better equipped.

Doing some further digging via Mr. K and other contacts, Echo finds out that they recently ordered 6 doberman combat drones and got them delivered to their current location, but no sign of them outside. Otters also spots 3 Gomatia paracritters patrolling the 6 exterior halls of the structure, which the team knows Vishala has used before. They start making a plan, and head nearer to the site. PPJ makes Heat invisible, while keeping an eye on the corrupted spirits in astral. Heat sneaks up through the gap in the patrols that Otters spotted, and reaches in through one of the unmanned fire ports, slipping one of Otters’ stealthed snake drones inside. It slithers in, spotting a patrolling Gomatia, as well as more gangers managing hardened fire points inside. Well-set up defenses, but everyone is using walkies and speaking out loud, seemingly worried that their matrix shielding isn’t foolproof.

Otters overhears Vishala making a series of hurried and increasingly urgent calls, though she can only hear Vishala’s side, which seems to be mostly frustrated responses and growing anger and stress. Otters creeps the drone forward, and spots two brain-fried riggers, Hack and Iceman, who look to have fallen victim to lethal biofeedback (Null Sect?). She also spots 6 crates for the dobermans, one partially opened. She crawls the drone inside, also spotting the 3 cyber-merc’s and Vishala, who is wearing brand new combat armor with the face guard flipped up so she can smoke while she tries to fine a safe harbor and/or ride out of town, but it seems like she’s been burned by a lot of her contacts by now.

Otters slips the drone into the open crate, and uses the built-in data tap to get Heat access via the drone’s port. Heat hacks it and wakes it up, and PPJ also makes Echo invisible, who slips up alongside Heat and touches him to use his touchlink. Noticing that their matrix activity has attracted some possible NS attention, StepMAMA advises them to go to LOS burst comms only, so Otters drops drone control and sneaks the van a little closer. Echo and Heat use the doberman’s onboard comms to send a private message to it’s nominal owners, the cyber-mercs, offering more pay and a way out if they sell out Vishala. After a tense and terse negotiation, they agree to a (high) fee on the proviso that Vishala never has the chance to tell anyone, and that the team won’t either.

They agree, and Otters sends another snake in on autopilot, this one loaded with a Gamma Scopolamine dart. This sneaks up to Vishala and darts her in her face, the combat armor responding just too slow and closing up after she is injected and paralyzed, slicing her latest cig in half. The mercs load her up in one of the scattered crates they had set up for cover, and grab her three armored cases as well and start hauling them out. Echo and Heat slip around front and meet the van, which Otters changes the appearance of and pulls up to the door with comms off. Based on the blood up to the elbow and retracting cyber-spur on one of the mercs, it seems the gangers on door duty gave them some guff. They quickly load up the crates in the van, get their payment, and then all start threading suppressors onto their weapons as they say they’re going to stay here and clean up, seemingly doing some proactive reputation management. The team doesn’t expect they will hear of the Smooth Criminals again….

They open all the crates as they drive off, as PPJ notices some of the angry spirits starting to follow them. Remembering Creep’s tactics from the ice rink, he chucks one of the grenades he finds out the back, which luckily doesn’t have the detonator inserted yet, so seems low risk to any civilians who may encounter it, while still distracting the spirits and allowing the team to make their escape. They call Le Guide, who gives them directions to a nearby safehouse. When they arrive, they park in a rundown farmhouse, and head down into a bunker, concealed under a hatch in the thick roots of an old tree near the barn. They’ve seen that the crates, as well as the spirit grenades, also contain some one shot matrix chips of some sort, and a data drive. With the jammer hood on Vishala, they’re confident she can’t have called for help, so they muscle her down the stairs and fine LG finishing washing down what can only be described as a kill room- a fully tiled cube, with a single restraint chair over a floor drain, and a long hose attachment on one wall.

He asks if they want him to take lead, and they volunteer to do so, as well as to kill her after, which he seems perfectly happy with. Heat works on cracking the data drive, defusing data bombs and decrypting files as the team pulls off Vishala’s armor and restrains her in her stylish biz suit. Waiting for the paralytic to wear off before they start questioning her, PPJ cuts her a little with his knife, but everyone else isn’t on board for torture so he quickly stops. He does use an illusion spell to make both Echo and Heat look and sound exactly like her for the interrogation though, which should get weird. Heat finishes getting all the data with some lucky hacking, and is pretty horrified at what he uncovers.

It seems the grenades use fragments of a tortured spirit to power them., and that though this initial batch it toxic, and thus opens micro-tears to the toxic planes, Vishala believes other effects could be achieved through other means of spirit torture. She goes into great detail about how to summon, force manifestation, and then fetter the spirit to allow for this lengthy and awful process to occur, and has plans included for how to further mechanize the whole thing. The team starts to think maybe a little torture is ok after all, in this case. The chips are about as bad- inspired by the SpriteLOKs from Detroit, they contain tormented Sprite fragments, and can destroy other Sprites very effectively, or create Dissonant pool openings if used in Foundation hosts. Both very dangerous, and the team is a little worried that Le Guide took both cases with him when he left the bunker to leave them to it.

The research and note data is also bad- it looks like a lot of stolen research data from AZT and ARES dealing with portals, magitech, etc, as well as the Detroit Scar, the Yellowstone Anomaly, and the Antarctica Anomaly, amongst other things. She seems to have been selling her discoveries to MCT, while also receiving funding from the mysterious group “The Asintmah Alliance”, whose ranks she seems to have wished to join, viewing this research as her path in. However, she seems frustrated at their slowness to accept her and grant her powers, raving about how she hasn’t even received one crystal yet, unlike some base runners (PPJ??). She also apparently got tricked by Le Guide into buying the Null Sect “Clear” that the team had captured, and found that it was an even more efficient way to make the chips than regular Sprites, and set about trying to capture more- this seems to be why her matrix defenses were under such heavy attack. So LG has been working to bring her down as well as hiring the team to assist.

With some key intel, they start questioning her and make a deal- they will kill her quick if she gives them some intel, as she seems to delight in telling them they don’t even know who they are working for, but that she doesn’t want to be used in one of his twisted rituals. She reveals what she thinks is a big conspiracy to them- Dis, MCT and the Null Sect are working together! Except they already know. She does seem disturbed by the two perfect copies of her interrogating her, and quickly spills more. That trio was working with AZT, but has lately been starting to cut them out, and everyone is starting to regret involving the NS, as they are too alien to understand their goals or sufficiently control them.

She also gives some further background, suggesting that Disians may have been in touch with some on Earth (knowingly or not) for longer than the team thought, as they seem to have originated the Blood Crystal tech that the Black Lodge has been distro-ing. PPJ is a little concerned, as are the team. When pushed further, she also confirms that she sought to join the AA, though she knows little of them, because she thought their crystals and other higher secrets would finally grant her some level of magical ability, as well as power in general. She doesn’t know who the members are, as they sought her out, but says she believes the leadership is known as the “Sinister 7”. They apparently use old-school, over-manufactured tech to make themselves hard to hack or magic, and seem to be continuing some of the agenda of the Freedom Network. She says that she believes the rewards include being made a “Faustean”, and seems disgusted that she thinks PPJ has been made one and doesn’t deserve it.

PPJ reaffirms to the team that this all new to him, but they are more worried now. Vishala also enjoys mockingly telling them that LG has tricked them just as she did- he is actually an AZT agent known as “MASQUE”, ans she suggests they look into what he got up to during the AZT/AM war not too long ago. The team is a little worried, so Otters checks that the hatch is still unlocked (yes) while the others ask if she has any final words. As she starts down a path of self-justification about her rags to riches story, PPJ stabs her in the brain, quickly killing her. They exit, and LG waiting. He smoothly takes the lead, and says that they heard some things in there that don’t sound great (it seems he was recording) but that he hopes his dealings with them are sufficient to prove his rep and well-meaning. He does seem to be telling the truth, but they don’t fully agree to continue working with him.

They negotiate pay, coming out a little behind what they paid the mercs in total, but LG promises them extra pay on the next job, once he has a chance to dig into all the data Heat recovered, as well as the intel they got direct from her. Feeling a little unnerved by everything, they decide to return to the safehouse and rest up for now. They awaken in the morning to a frantic call from Arcane- someone is trying to kill him! And he wants to know who and why, ASAP. They agree to look into it, and head out.

Foundation Rescue
9/30/2024, 4:13:01 PM
Runners
Heat
Echo

While the rest of the team starts gearing up to take on Vishala’s stronghold before she can leave town, and Aradia does some research into matrix-based sex work and also local Black Lodge activities, Heat gets an emergency call from Louis Belaran of the ASPS. He tells Heat that he needs a hacker to go somewhere he can’t, and offers a sizeable payday for it. When Heat expresses his interest, Belaran fills him in: the French troll decker SIM-Eon has gotten link-locked, with his consciousness trapped somewhere deep in the matrix. Belaran thinks he must be in a Foundation or similar since he occasionally takes damage but seems unable to communicate, and everyone he has consulted says it is unsafe to merely disconnect him.

As SIM-Eon was investigating alone and ran into trouble, Belaran advises bringing a friend in, and Heat recruits Echo to watch his back, and also test out how the new runner and teammate does in the matrix. Belaran tips them to the last 3 places that SIM-Eon sent expense account receipts from as places to start their investigation- it seems Belaran was acting as the fixer for this gig, with SIM-Eon seeking some kind of valuable paydata for an unnamed Johnson. The two runners decide to post up at their safehouse and begin investigating in the matrix.

First they check out the VR version of Dante’s Inferno, the famous Seattle multi-level nightclub. They mingle a bit and spot a few avatars that look likely to be info brokers. They also see that some life-streamers are broadcasting VR feeds of the IRL version of the club to the matrix version (and vice versa), so it seems like a pretty immersive experience, and Heat already wants to come back when he has more time. They choose an info broker, and approach a blue-skinned 4 armed woman, Rei Bluestone, who seems to also be a cook or gourmand of some sort, at least according to her avatar.

After confirming that she does actually run a food cart and catering biz, they contribute to a “custom item” fund which she explains she uses to subsidize her efforts to feed the unhoused population Downtown, and gives them the info they are seeking. They’ll need to get further club access to go a few levels down to the high energy dance floor, and seek a hard partier named Sirena, who Bluestone has recently seen speaking to SIM-Eon’s avatar. Heat calls up Johnny Silver and gets a passcode to give to the VR bouncers, which works, though Heat doesn’t quite manage to connect over a shared love of the outlaw tunes.

They get onto the dance floor and circulate, with Echo keeping an eye out for an surveillance while Heat approaches Sirena. Buying her some drugs and other party favors via her publicly shared bar tab code, he gets her to take a break from frenetically dancing and manages to just hold her attention long enough to get the intel. She was an exec assistance at NeoNET before their collapse, who seems to have gotten a juicy payoff from her boss as the company was collapsing, and says that SIM-Eon wanted to know about a specific Foundation Host that her boss was in charge of shutting down. As far as she knows, everything got deleted, but she was out of there, not wanting to get caught up in the collapse.

Doing some quick research, they find that her boss died shortly after her final encounter with him a few years back, while link-locked in the matrix- something is up with that Host! Also they find some rumors that various NeoNET hosts that weren’t absorbed by other corps in the feeding frenzy during and after their collapse have either drifted off into the Wild Matrix or become home to Null Sect intrusions, some info about which is in the team file. They decide to check Hong Kong next, and use the password provided by Belaran to gain access to a private VR hacker bar Host, sculpted like a pirate ship.

They spot some interesting characters around once again, though this crowd seems to have more scrap and home-built stuff than the high end tech/TM abilities that Echo and Heat are using. They approach one of the fancier icons who again seems to be some sort of fixer or info broker, based on the frequent stream of messengers approaching her. She introduces herself as The Rat Queen, explaining her avatar of a roiling mass of rats inside a trench coat and hat. They make a deal with her to get info in exchange for seeking some revenge for her, as needed.

She says the SIM-Eon came through recently, looking to buy some intel that an up and coming decker named Blip had posted for sale, but that noone has seen Blip since and it having been a few days people are starting to worry. She tells them she sent SIM-Eon to a brothel where Blip did maintenance work and upkeep, as it seems like it was an all-VR operation, called “Nasty Habits”. Echo is delighted to arrive at that private Host, via another passcode, and find a delightfully sinful Catholic-kink themed joint, with some good looking house rules. They forward the info to Aradia for her investigation into VR sex work. Making contact with one of the priest avatars, they don’t take advantage of the confessional glory holes, but Heat does make note to return later.

The priest fills them in on Blip’s situation once they make clear they are there to help, but also warns the team that another team recently came through looking for Blip, shortly after SIM-Eon’s visit. He tips them off to Blip’s last known safehouse location, and tells them to let the Sisterhood (seemingly the org behind the brothel) what happened, as they all view him as somewhat of a little brother. Contracting a small local team through TRQ, the team arranges for them to go seek out Blip’s last known safehouse, in a houseboat shanytown, and report in on any leads. With that in motion, they head to the third location Belaran provided, the VR Host of the cathedral at Notre Dame. They arrive and find it hyper-realistic and very publicly open.

They spot various generic pilgrim and clergy avatars milling around, many of which, many of which don’t look especially familiar with VR matrix navigation. Heat also spots some security IC in the form of Hunchback of Notre Dame characters flitting about in the shadows and rafters. He calls Perri and asks if there’s anything weird known about the Host, wondering why SIM-Eon came here, but she says the only thing she knows is that many Catholics on their deathbeds or in hospice spend a lot of time in VR visiting the very high quality replicas that the Church has made of many of their holy sites, so they could look for someone who’s been logged in a while and might have seen something. She also warns them to be careful of the Catholics though, as they have their own agendas.

Heat does a quick matrix search, and finds someone who has been logged on since SIM-Eon was here, and they chat up a dying French man after Echo spends a few hours learning French with their adept abilities. He confirms that he saw their friend, seemingly being warned off by some other runners, who match the description of the other team from Nasty Habits. He says that SIM-Eon rapidly left without seeming to give them what they want, and they seemed angry but seemed to be trying to track him. With this, they get a little concerned and call Belaran to confirm that SIM-Eon’s bod is in a safe place, and Belaran confirms it is, saying that SIM-Eon did too good a job covering his tracks, this being part of why he needed them to backtrace his investigation to find out where he is trapped.

While heading back to their own bods, they get a message from TRQ, reporting bad news- Blip’s half-eaten corpse was found in his trashed safehouse- seems like local ghouls and/or vermin took the opportunity to chow down after someone shot him in the head a few days back, and locals report seeing the opps team in the area, up to no good. After Heat is unable to dig up anything about this team in the Denver matrix, they report what they know about them to TRQ, who confirms they are a low-morals, high-violence crew that sometimes bases out of HK. She also passes along what data the TM’s at the pirate ship VR bar were able to salvage from Blip’s trashed deck.

They find a message from Blip to SIM-Eon about selling the location of something valuable in the Wild Matrix, and finally also get the location of the lost NeoNET host. Feeling like the opps team may also be coming after them at some point as they keep digging, they decide to recruit some backup. Echo calls in a favor with his fixer Eddie Mustang Voss, and gets a secure hacking safehouse in the Hub, with some decent onsite protection from the attached bar, as well as the general district, but not a lot of good escape routes. They get Otters and PPJ to watch their backs from the bar, as well as hiring two runners, a Dwarf named Goldsmoke who seems like cocky muscle, and a nervous but focussed hacker named Magnum, through Stiletto, to help support Otters and PPJ.

Heading up the safehouse, they get set up, with Echo deciding to use one of Heat’s strange Silver Book abilities to be able to access Foundation levels as needed. They do a decent job navigating the strange broken physics of the Wild Matrix, way off the edge of the map of the pubic/known matrix, with only the massive hovering Host icons of the megacorps visible from their distance. They find a collapsed NeoNET Host as promised, and easily find the Foundation access, it being the only somewhat vibrant remaining part. They dive in, and find themselves atop one of a number of fragmented floating islands, covered in odd religious statuary, altars, buildings, etc, all of which are collapsed, actively collapsing or in disarray. They seem to be at an anchored portal, themed like a sacrificial altar, and see that the rest of the Host seems populated by iconography from a wide variety of religions and pantheons.

They decide to check some of the smaller islands first before heading to the largest remaining one, which is the only one that looks to have any kind of active movement. Echo almost mis-times their jump, not expecting a strange zero-g void between the islands, and neither of them are sure what would happen if they fell in, though they see bits crumbling off the edges of the islands and de-rezzing as they tumble into the void, so they imagine nothing good. Echo launchers their Agent, Paris, to assist. Finding that all the smaller island nodes’ functions seem broken, they head for the largest one, which upsettingly looks to be the Null node. Echo also recognizes the strange gold fog over everything as a blown apart and fragmented NeoNET logo in their trademark color.

Reaching the largest island, they find strange mythical beasts menacingly circling an overgrown temple, with a sacrificial altar out front, as well as a cage containing a very injured SIM-Eon. Seeing rusty stains on the altar, they think it has been used before, perhaps explaining the NN exec’s link-locked death when he tried to shut down this Host. They resculpt their avatars to try to blend in, and then both try to behave like the local monsters, with pretty good success. Echo starts circling with the other avatars and manages to fake clumsily knock one of them into the void, to see what would happen, and is once again to see it seemingly suffering as it de-rezzes.

Heat approaches the altar, and manages to knock it over, spilling forth what looks like the paydata they seek but also coming under attack from a hidden avatar that looks like some kind of odd steampunk golem. Heat is badly hurt, and Echo sends Paris to assist. The other monster avatars also start closing in on the fight around the altar, distracting them enough for Echo to grab the file and flee as Heat retreats from combat, breaking open SIM-Eon’s cage and freeing him and helping him jump to an adjacent island. The steampunk golem reaches into the open Null node under the altar and pulls forth a large vine, which starts whipping about it and knocking monstrous avatars into the void, as well as firing at the retreating team again, injuring Echo as well and nearly KO-ing Heat, though the runners do make good their escape amidst the chaos.

Their only hint as to who that other avatar may have been is that they really seem to hate Heat as a TM, so likely either Null or Null ally. They quickly retreat, helping SIM-Eon along with Paris also assisting, and Echo does an efficient job navigating them out of the Wild Matrix back to the public one, where SIM-Eon gratefully takes his leave back to his bod, and the team also drops out. They get a report that the bar came under attack from the opps team, but between bar and Hub security they were a bit under-equipped and the team there managed to drive them off with no casualties on either side, though also choosing not to pursue.

The team pays off their protectors as promised and passes the paydata along to Belaran, who thanks them for completing both halves of the mission and pays up as promised. With a solid payday in their pockets, they head back to the team safehouse to rest up and get ready to hit Vishala asap. PPJ, during some downtime, also take a meeting with Belaran, and briefs him on the situation with The Veil/Hearts of Zebulon/AZT’s astral experiments on the Shattered Lands hyperplane. Belaran agrees to get the ASPS involved with those groups and look for opportunities to interfere and help stabilize the Mile High Realm further. He also explains that the ASPS is looking to establish a spirit sanctuary somewhere, and seems to think this could be a good opportunity, potentially. He agrees to tell PPJ if they plan a kinetic response at any point, but talks him into holding off for now, saying they need to do some recon and intel gathering.

Deepfakes and Paydays
9/16/2024, 12:15:42 PM
Runners
Otters aka Roadkill
Pepper Jack
Heat
Aradia
and the introduction of: Echo

The team, returned from the Mile High Realm and worried for their safehouse, all rest up in their various secondary locations. Heat has a restless night, still feeling complicated but unarticulated feelings about the different departures of Creep and The Detective. PepperJack has the strangest dreams by far though- he feels the calling of a pack of wolves from outside the light of his mental “campfire”, and feeling they are offering rather than threatening, he approaches, intrigued. It seems the howling of the pack is drowning out some other lone, distant howls, which he ignores for now. As he moves amongst the wolves, many lick his injured hand and he finds that it has healed from the Void Rock damage, at least in the dream.

Wanting to run and hunt with the wolf pack, he slips his human skin, noticing the careful seams that remind him of the costumed Lone Wolf he saw in the MHR, and freeing the wolf inside. He runs with the pack, cavorting and enjoying himself, and on awakening, accepts Wolf’s offer of kinship and a path to power through cooperation, and goes through a paradigm shift from Lone Wolf to Wolf as a Mentor. Feeling newly aligned with “pack” while still able/required to assert his dominance against foes, he prepares to face the day, excited to notice that his hand has healed IRL as well.

The team meets up and decides they need to make some calls and get warning out about the Void Rock and what they saw of the AZT/MCT portal experiments on the metaplanes. They tip off Fargus Sol, who says he will spread the word amongst Grey Cell and their allies. He tells the team that from what he knows, this substance can only be mined on “dead planes” who have lost their magic, whether through magic cycles like the Material Plane, Scourges by the Horrors, or other means. However, this should prevent travel to and from that land, as they ought to be disconnected from the astral sea. The team recollects seeing some dead and empty bug tunnels through the rift in the sky over Detroit, and Otters re-shares the drone footage. They speculate a bit about if this could be one of the places Void Rock could be mined.

PPJ is also able to retrieve some more memories from Dis, hearing the distant howl of a wolf pack in his mind as he does so, and recalling that there were empty bug tunnels under the city, partially built into but largely empty, that he fled through to reach Kadath when he left. He also recalls that the pieces he was attaching to metahumans when working in the surgical suite mostly seemed to come from paracritters, though some may have been from other metaplanar beings he vaguely remembers that don’t feel familiar otherwise. Also, many of the metahumans he helped operate on had various tattoos and insignia suggesting they were members of the missing III Corps. He shares all this with the group, and they all spend some time discussing what this might mean.

They also discuss what implications this has for the Dis Trader that Aradia and others met on the moon, when they found the wreckage of the trapped and murdered first expedition to the Seelie Court. Thinking back, PPJ confirms that whatever mysterious figure helped him flee, it seemed to only become possible after the team used the artifact on the moon to allow the Trader to return home through a magical portal/door that revealed a sprawling, chaotic city before closing behind him. Between this and the strange Planar Convocation that occurred during the Blackouts, Sol speculates that Dis may only be recently connected and accessible, but what that means for their level of connection he does not know- it seems like some of them must have been able to access other planes much earlier at least.

Sol seems concerned, and says he may need to put some things in motion a little sooner than he hoped. He tells the team to get in contact with a local extraction expert, and test them out to see if they’re a good fit. If so, Sol will be in touch soon with details about an extraction the team will need to pull in Seattle. He explains that there are two factions within AZT, and that a whistleblower may be able to give some much needed leverage to Grey Cell to influence the internal operations of the corp. The team remembers that they passed a coded message from someone to Ringmaster after receiving it on Zecorporatum, and Sol confirms this was the extraction target making initial contact.

He says they’ve done everything they can to confirm that the target is real and sincere, but warns the team it could still be a trap, especially if the corp finds out about the target’s plans. For now, he says to test out the extraction expert and get gear ready. He sends some payment for the intel, and also tells them how to use the set of 7’s that Creep seems to have someone gifted to the team. They talk about the strange phenomena of ShadowCreep, and Sol shares some suppositions about what could have happened there, as the team recalls other past members and contacts that have appeared as limited astral manifestations as well. They head to Aradia’s Hub safehouse to do the Tarot ritual in her magical lodge, and also set a meeting with Echo, the extraction expert, for that evening, at Club Olympus. They debate trying out the same lateral thinking test that Silk used on them but decide against it.

The ritual is a success, with each of them holding one of the 7’s., chosen somewhat randomly, and feeling new powers suffuse them as the cards dissolve into their bodies. Otters feels a little luckier, Aradia feels a little sneakier, Heat gets 100 shares of some company called “Sky Brides”, and PPJ is shocked as 2 new arms burst forth from his torso. Interestingly, he now has 3 magic hands, though his previously injured hand still can not pass through things- when he thinks on it, he feels a sense of disappointment from his “passenger” about sharing so much intel with Fargus Sol, and abandoning Lone Wolf, but no further punishment is forthcoming beyond that so- net gain?

The team heads to the meet, with PPJ stopping to buy some nice new streetwear, as well as getting his armor tailored for his additional arms. They arrive at the club and meet up with Echo with no trouble, and have a momentarily confusing conversation before realizing that as well as testing Echo out and recruiting them for an extraction job, Echo is also feeling them out and aiming to recruit them for another extraction job that they need a crew for. They all agree to do some work together in town and then if all goes well, work together on the two travel jobs- both “willing” extractions, so hopefully low drama.

Heat also does some research on Echo, finding that they are ex-UCAS military intelligence, a veteran of Colloton’s campaigns in Seattle (freeing the Arcology from DEUS) and DeeCee (putting down the New Revolution coup attempt), and then transitioning into serving in her administration in a similar role. Echo then apparently blew some kind of attempt to leverage the Black Lodge to keep St Louis in the UCAS and got tangled up in trying to protect the city during the Blackouts. This wrecked their rep and they appear to have taken the fall for the busted op, with the government severing ties. Echo confirms this story when questioned, though seems a bit reluctant to discuss what is obviously a bit of a raw area. They do confirm that they are not BL-affiliated, and were merely aiming to use them in an “enemy of my enemy” way, against the Sea Dragon and Ghostwalker’s “Free City” advocacy.

Heat checks in with Hype about Horizon’s official policy on Free Cities, and finding that Horizon doesn’t care so long as they’re free to operate, and that they like Denver especially since AZT is banned, giving them more market share. Heat then doesn’t agree with Echo’s stance that Denver should be brought back into the UCAS fold, but does so politely. It seems Echo remains a UCAS patriot and is looking for something in Denver that could bring them back into Colloton’s good graces, even though she is out of power now, having lost the presidency to a far right candidate running on a “fear” platform following the Blackouts, ARES’ move, the bugs in Detroit, III Corps disappearing etc. Echo still strongly believes that Colloton is the hero this nation needs, and gives the team some context and history- her resistance to the corps and defending of lower-case R republican values/democracy/national supremacy over the corps.

The team is interested in this viewpoint, not having encountered a lot of people with these philosophies of late, but can’t dive in deeper, as they get a frantic message from a wounded and battle-damaged Stiletto, telling them she is under attack and will pay well for a rescue. They offer to cut Echo in, and they negotiate and counter on pay, with Echo ultimately impressed with their skills after getting tag-teamed by Heat and Aradia, and agreeing to the same cut as the rest of the crew. They race for Stapleton, grabbing PPJ’s ARMor (ha) from the tailor on the way. Doing some quick research, they figure out that the GPS tag Stiletto sent is ruined site of the big battle between the ZDF and the defenders of the Nexus a few years ago, which PPJ remembers well, having been one of the defenders.

He briefs the team on what he remembers of the site, including the escape tunnels underneath and the one exit point from them that he knows of. However, based on matrix chatter, it seems that the blasted ruins have been left to grow over by the ZDF, after initial excavations didn’t find any survivors or intact servers, and uncovering the sealed tunnels showed them how the Nexus made their escape. Echo is intrigued to hear that the Nexus is still operational, as the official story is that they were destroyed in this battle. This checks with the team’s experience of them in Denver- hiding out while focused on the matrix side of things. They reach the site, with Morticia scouting overheard.

Although the official Nexus memorial is at the other abandoned site in Co Springs, it looks some informal memorials have been tagged here, showing a lighting-wreathed Nocturna, and bearing lyrics from Johnny Silver’s rebel anthem “Guns of Chrome”. They start doing some investigation, and quickly spot some groundwolf nests in the vicinity. Using Otter’s knowledge, they recognize that there are unarmored ambush predators, who attack from their hidden burrows. As they fear fire, PPJ uses some well-placed fire grenades to keep them well underground while the team searches the area. They find a damaged old truck partially hidden in semi-collapsed ambulance bay.

Otters and Heat stay in the van, with Heat detecting some failing signals inside the hospital building. The team follows some tracks and signs of combat in, noticing that there was some big magic used, with PPJ and Aradia confirming that some of the magical signatures look like Stiletto at least. They continue, and find 4 broken corpses- Heat spotted their fading piezoelectric signals. It looks like they were all killed with magic and/or knife wounds, and PPJ uses Death Replay on one of them to confirm. Echo is a little surprised by the use of Blood magic, but PPJ asserts it is merely Death magic and Echo goes with it. Otters has the Mule drone along, which starts looking for more tracks with Echo, spotting that someone made false tracks down one tunnel, and then backtracked and obscured their footprints down another path.

PPJ reports that it looks like an injured Stiletto did indeed win the fight, but that she was wearing different armor and looked a bit different that in the call they got. Worried about a trap, they call Mr. K- a Johnson and fixer both the team and Echo have worked with, and ask if he’s heard from Stiletto recently. He gets her on the call using a different number than she had called the team from (which Heat hasn’t been able to reach since), and she seems very surprised that they are there, and that they are saying she requested their presence. She does come out from her hiding place further in the complex, warily, with her assensing the team and them assensing here to confirm they all are who they appear to be.

With that out of the way, they assume it’s a trap of some sort, and Otters and Heat take a panicked look around outside, barely managing to get the van out of the AOE of the initial grenade, magic and sniper attack. Heat conjures up a Machine Sprite to help Otters defend the van, which she does a miraculous job of for quite some time, though still taking some hits, with it eventually getting knocked out by machine pistol fire from two street sams after they are forced to abandon their grenadier position due to Heat using some well-placed suppressive fire. Otters manages to take out one of the same with the van HMG as it dies and grinds to a halt.

Inside, the team plus Stiletto end up in a close quarters fight with two adepts, who some recognize as two of The Auditor’s bodyguards from Denver/LA. With Echo providing some critical shotgun assistance, they manage to take down the two adepts with no casualties, with big aid from Aradia cleverly using illusions of Stiletto trying to escape to draw them out of cover. She also heals Stiletto to get her back in the fight, and boosts both her and Echo’s speed. Otters brings the Mule back to the entrance as the rest of the team also approaches in cover. After some more clever illusions and volleys of fire back and forth, the team manages to take down the other sam and the mage, though the sniper may have escaped- they aren’t sure.

With the gunfire momentarily halted, they hustle Stiletto into the Valkyrie module while Heat and Otters desperately try to rip parts off of her shot-up truck to get the van running again, with the help of another Machine sprite, and some leadership guidance from Echo and Aradia. PPJ thinks about the vehicle magic that he saw and learned on the MHR, and thinks he might be able to do something- he tries out a new spell, and manages to get the van sputtering back to life, with the rest of the group doing some hurried fixes to get it moving. With it still badly damaged, PPJ adds some spell protection as well, and Otters gets Morticia up in the air again to act as long-range scanner.

Echo confirms that the likely plans was to flush the team into the complex with this ambush attack, driving them into the tunnels, and then have kill zones set up at the exits. Using PPJ’s memory, Otters checks the likeliest locations for these kill teams, and spots 3 off road vehicles speeding towards them while one remains guarding the tunnel exit area. Heat launches some grenades into the hospital to obfuscate their escape path, sending the unstable structure further into full collapse. Otters races off, using Mortitica’s eye in the sky to take a stealthy path north away from the complex, headed up to Brighton where Stiletto says she knows a street doc and a safe place they can hide out and debrief.

With some impressive driving, Otters manages to slip the net the enemy vehicles are trying to make around the zone, and they race north to Horse Trot Ranch, where they head into one of the secure cabins, with covered parking, and Aradia having changed the van’s appearance with another spell. They head inside to rest as the veterinarian Raw Dog shows up to tend to their wounds. He is delighted to see some of the team again after they warned him he was in danger during the money cow job, and gets to work. Stiletto also pays some staff mechanics to start patching the van up, after ensuring Otters of their discretion. They debrief, and realize they need to make some calls, warning other contacts of potential traps.

They start with The Collector and Silk, who thank them for the warning and confirm they have already picked up on some “intrusion attempts”. Agreeing with the team’s suggestion that they need a better way to avoid more deepfake tricks, TC proposes using a one-time pad code encryption system, after confirming some of the team is familiar from Detroit or other past activities. He says he will set it up and start distributing the pads throughout their growing network of allies. He says once this is done, it may be time to organize a meeting between all allies to plan their response, but that this will take some time to set up. Heat next calls Perri, who is less worried about fakes and encryption with all the Nexus’ Technomancers, and as Creep didn’t have much intel on them anyway.

Heat also reports in all their findings on GW from the MHR, closing out that job, and much to his own dismay convinces himself and the team to trade for a favor instead of money, with Perri agreeing to use the funds she had set aside to pay TM’s at the Nexus to help TC with his encryption and secure comms effort. Lastly, they call Le Guide, who is saddened to hear of Creep’s death (though quickly moves on), and after receiving their bad news, says he has some good news to cheer them up: he finally has managed to track down Vishala! He says she’s hiding out for the moment, but he assumes she is probably aiming to leave town, so they shouldn’t linger too long.

They explain they need to rest and repair and get ready, so he says he’ keep an eye on her for now, and they agree to be in touch soon, planning to negotiate pay on the tail end based on what they are able to recover from her defended base. Le Guide requests her alive if possible, for interrogation, as well as capturing whatever data and tech they can and destroying anything left behind. They agree, but for now, rest up. In the morning, all feeling much better from Raw Dog’s ministrations, they negotiate with Stiletto for pay (less than offered in the deepfake but some, plus some favors) and then set a meeting with Alexis Glimmerscale to sell her all the GW info from the MHR, Seelie Court, and Endless Archive. Stiletto also tells them she will likely have more work for them soon, as her investigation is obviously getting somewhere since they tried to kill her.

They head over to their church HQ in Stapleton, and meet up. After a lengthy and intense debrief, Glimmerscale seems thrilled with the amount of detail they’ve uncovered, and pays extra for intel on the corps who are actually causing most of the rifts, which the team provides. She doesn’t currently seem interested in hiring them to try to breach the hidden 5th area of the MHR, though she confirms PPJ"s assumption that it is likely the mountain’s interior. Heat negotiates a big payday for all they found, with Echo’s assistance, and they split it up appropriately, before Glimmerscale asks if they found anything about Rex Coll. Thinking back to their chat with Nadja Daviar at the Seelie Court, they realize they actually might have.

Daviar had broached the question of “what happened to all the live bounties brought into the Draco Foundation over the years?” and the team knows that Coll has long overseen that department before ascending to his current leadership role. With PPJ’s recovered memory of implanting paracritter and other parts onto metahumans on Dis, they wonder if Coll may perhaps be in league with the Disians, or some faction of them, and share this with Glimmerscale, who seems very worried, and says she needs to talk to some people about making some moves and plans, and confirms she will be keeping some of the information they sold her to herself for now while she does so. With another promise of future work once things are in place, they head out to gear up for going after Vishala.

Void Rocking Out
9/9/2024, 10:51:18 AM
Runners
Otters aka Roadkill
Pepper Jack
Heat
Aradia
the Retirement from the Shadows of: The Detective
One Final Ghostly Appearance from:: ShadowCreep

While crossing Iron Horse Nation, PPJ has had a growing awareness of some conflict in his mind. He focuses, and can sense that there are two Wolves fighting- seemingly more traditional Wolf, the mentor, as well as his variant, Lone Wolf. Strangely, Lone Wolf seems to be someone inside a very realistic wolf costume, made of the wolf’s skin and carefully sewn. However, PPJ spots a few seams and a few times where the figure doesn’t quite move correctly. He can hear the snapping of other Lone Wolves supporting one side, and the howling of the packs supporting the other, but not sure what it means decides not to participate. He tells the team, and they wonder if this has something to do with what happened to Lone Wolf while they were at the Seelie Court, when PPJ provided his strange mental presence access in exchange for the return of his powers. Knowing that Mentor Spirits can both be trapped and corrupted, Otters is a little concerned, but PPJ brushes it off for now.

Carefully crossing the twisted bridge, covered in barbed wire and tank traps, the team makes their way into the City of Steel. They encounter a border checkpoint, more heavily fortified than what PPJ recalls from his prior visit some years ago, and see both a large collection of mirror-masked and trench-coated guards, and many large screens displaying a closeup of a bloodshot, unblinking eye, staring at them as they approach. After some back and forth with the guards, Heat agrees to check his weapon, surrendering it into their secure lockup in return for a chit, while Aradia is allowed to keep her knife focus, as it has a legit magical purpose and isn’t a large blade.

They are all split into separate lines, and ushered forward for what seems largely like a customs interview. Luckily, they just have time to concoct a shared, largely true story, and all manage to talk their way through without any trouble, with assistance from having a package to deliver to Mystics and Magicks. Heat almost gets in trouble by referencing working for the “Big Man”, forgetting for a moment that Ghostwalker would surely never work with an AZT subsib, but manages to course correct and bribes the guards with some reagents to get a little further access to the city. They get approved to travel to 3 of the 7 districts, and head into the first.

Otters just barely spots a strange, small shadow that sneaks through the large border gates into the checkpoint after them. She sees it follow Heat, carefully staying right behind him and out of sight of the border agents, following him through the line. Otters tries to share some pictures with them team, but can’t get a clear shot without being too obvious. However, the shadow looks distinctly like Creep’s silhouette. Strange! They team chats about it after clearing the checkpoint, and a thin line of shadow turns sideways and reveals itself to be shaped like Creep. It gives many of the team a hug, but seems to only communicate gesturally.

Finding themselves in a chaotic street market amidst a shantytown, with buildings of all architectural periods towering around them, they approach a cabby for some local intel. He accepts some payment from Otters, and explains that they are in Mish-Mosh, the chaotic district that those not approved for other districts all end up in. It seems like a kind of a mashup of all the leftover places of Denver- the Warrens, the Barrens, various other neighborhoods caught between things. Not seeing anything they need at the market, they get a ride to the Sun Sector, where the cabby tells them M&M is located. Hilariously, this is only a brief walk across the market square. Also, the cabs seem to be free, but willing to take advantage of out of towners, so they plan not to pay in future.

The team heads into Sun Sector, with those that didn’t fit in the first cab walking over to join and quickly catching up. PPJ wants to hang back, not feeling good about further assisting AZT, especially since they didn’t yet help the Hearts of Zebulon, but ShadowCreep pushes him in, so he staggers after the group. They find M&M easily amidst the dingy, overcast district. Despite the general downer atmosphere, the people of the district have done a lot to make the place nicer- warming paint tones and the like. The team can see a large step pyramid at the end of the district where it abuts the mountain ridge that wraps the city. They can also see a lot of Sun/Path of the Sun iconography, so this definitely seems like another AZT affiliated area.

However, since they know GW wouldn’t tolerate their presence in astral Denver if he had a choice, this either means he is so distracted that he doesn’t know, or he doesn’t have a choice, implying that though The Authority that oversees the city may be a manifestation of his authoritarian tendencies, it isn’t actually GW himself. PPJ remembers that the Sun Sector was present the last time he was here, though it was gated off and not accessible- it seems like GW’s “Great Reclamation” has opened the borders in the City of Steel as well, even to districts he would prefer not to include. The wristbands they were all given on entry seem the only restriction to travel, with The Authority’s guards casually scanning their color bands at entrances to different districts.

Entering M&M, the team find some friendly shop keeps, who seem to be material plane metahumans residing here. Heat and Aradia hand over the package, after PPJ quickly assenses it and recognizes trace blood magic. He’s still not happy about handing this over to AZT but, out-voted, goes along with the team decision for now. Heat, taking a guess, asks the clerk why they’re receiving Blood Crystals, and the clerk seems surprised, though definitely does know what Heat is talking about. He hurries into the back to unpack it and get it into the safe, but Heat gets the impression that though the clerks seem somewhat in the know about AZT’s activities in the Shattered Lands, this was likely a package of reagents, foci, or similar and not actually Blood Crystals.

However, this is good intel to be careful what specific info they share here. Heat negotiates for pay for the courier journey, and the other clerk recognizes Aradia, having been told to expect her, though they refuse to engage in the sexual banter requested by Simonetta Chandra, despite Aradia trying to get it going- she quickly drops it when the clerk seems uncomfortable. Heat gets them a spot to stay for the night, and an opportunity to do some work in exchange for AZT forging more access bands for them to get them into 6 of the 7 districts. PPJ really wants to get into the 7th district, but the clerks explain that (wink, wink) even if they COULD do that, it would require a major, no questions asked, service from the team and a little time to put together.

They decide to do the smaller job first, check out the 6 districts, and then see if they want to pursue that further. They get job intel, and head next door to a small bunk room where they all rest up for the night. Otters spends a little time reading about magical theory in a book from the shop, but is disappointed that she still can’t learn to cast spells. The next day, the team heads back out to Iron Horse Nation, collecting Heat’s weapons at the exit. Crossing the bridge, they find the 3 iconic smugglers awaiting them once more, and this time take the multi-sidecar motorcycle. Telling him they need a ride, he takes them to an overlook, where some figures are huddled below at a makeshift camp, seemingly planning something.

PPJ can detect they are fellow followers of Lone Wolf, roughly split between metaplanar manifestations and sapient spirits and/or material plane denizens. They make some various plans to steal some vehicles, and at Otters’ suggestion decide to leave not witnesses, so Otters concocts a poison made of TD’s stash of opiates mixed with Heat’s Gamma Scopolamine, which ShadowCreep delivers into the food and drink at the camp. Once the GS paralytic effect hits, the team strikes, killing all 6 of the people below with guns and spells. Aradia summons an Earth spirit to bury them, who seems not to like this Mad Max-y place due to all it’s pollutants, while Otters welds together two of the dead smugglers vehicles into one supercar that can carry the whole team, equipped with a flamethrower and HMG.

Heat gets Aradia to magically disguise the two of them like wealthy investors, and Otters drives them straight into the nearest town, parking in front of the bank and sheriff’s office. PPJ, invisible, sneaks into the sheriff’s office as the sheriff comes out in heavy welded together armor to see what’s going on. Metal shutters are dropping over doors and windows all over town while SC spots and points out some deputies with rifles atop some nearby roofs. Heat fast talks the sheriff while Aradia casts an illusion to make a large satchel of gold, and they convince him to bring them into the bank to make a deposit. They meet an elderly teller, who slowly starts counting out the illusory coins, while SC turns sideways and slips through the bars, sneaking around to check out the downstairs vault.

SC finds an assortment of goods locked up on shelves in one of the cells- it seems like the basement doubles as the town jail. Also, it isn’t a full vault, merely a large safe. He turns sideways to try to slip through the gap alongside the safe door, and succeeds, though he notices himself starting to fade as he does and pulls back, but not before seeing a strange rock chunk on a pedestal in the safe room. He heads back upstairs and gestures to the team to try to warn them a bit, but they don’t quite get it, so Heat convinces the sheriff to take Aradia down to examine the vault before they commit to the deposit, while Heat distracts the teller, who Creep has spotted has.a shotgun mounted under the counter, and warns Heat of.

Meanwhile, PPJ hasn’t found much in the sheriffs office except a rolodex style calendar, which he peruses a bit, finding that the sheriff has been threatened by the Disians into cooperating in some way. Having heard all the stuff next door in the bank, he slips in there and follows Aradia through the barred door after the sheriff, with Aradia providing a critical distraction to keep him from getting spotted. They head downstairs, with SC joining them again. Aradia converses with the sheriff a bit about why the goods are stored in a cell and not in the safe, and the sheriff fails to bluff past it, not yet noticing that the illusory gold is starting to flicker and fade. SC also start to fade again, slowly.

PPJ uses his magic hand ability, and reaches through and unlocks the safe door, but then experiences a shocking pain as his hand withers and shrivels, barely pulling it back in time before it solidifies. As the safe door swings open, PPJ and Aradia’s spells all fail, their foci and fetishes deactivate, their reagents crumble and neutralize, and SC starts to fade faster. The sheriff tries to warn Aradia against casting a spell, but she tries anyway, and gets hit with the drain but no other effect (the same happens to PPJ as he tries to slag the sheriff’s gun from behind him). With the sheriff now onto them, and clutching his withered hand, PPJ flees up the stairs. Aradia tries to bluff that she wasn’t involved in all the scheming but the sheriff isn’t quite buying it.

Luckily SC has spotted some dynamite in the lockup, and slips in, grabs some, lights it low on the fuse, and shoves it in the back of the sheriff’s armor. This basically blows him in half, also wrecking Aradia’s armor but freeing her from being trapped down here. She also flees upstairs, fearing whatever anti-magic effect is down here. SC stays and continues to fade. Heat rushes down after dodging a shotgun blast and taking out the aged bank teller in response. Outside, the deputies have gotten nervous and started shooting at the welded together buggy car, but Otters starts spinning it, kicking up dust, while TD fires off the flamethrower to discourage them. PPJ quickly takes the deputies out with targeted lightning bolts as he dashes out to the car.

Downstairs, Heat scoops up the strange rock, overcoming a feeling of mundanity and malaise to do so, and then hugs SC a final time as SC disappears into vapor. He dashes back upstairs expecting to make a quick escape, but finds that the team has taken out all visible opposition, as the townspeople hide in fear. They wrap the rock in PPJ’s duster, and tie it 20 meters behind the car, dragging it along as they drive off, just out of range of it’s effects. The mages are disturbed and pissed about what just happened, and Otters is stressed about drastically changing the balance of power by providing this to AZT, concerned it could easily be weaponized. As she sneak drives away to an isolated location, the team gradually talks it through and recognizes that AZT already has a dragon-killing nano-weapon, and ARES already has FAB-III, and other corps have other anti-magic weapons. So while this is surely a powerful artifact, it doesn’t seem likely to trigger a total shift in global power structures.

Thus reassured, they dig a hole and bury it, noting that as with the safe room, the earth packed around it seems to somewhat blunt it’s effect. Thinking about it, the closest thing they know of are astral voids, aka Fovae, but they’ve never heard of those being transportable before, though the rock seems to work in the same fashion. They head back to the City of Steel, having an easier time entering as they have already done the security interview and have their wristbands. They reach M&M, and Aradia heads in first, pissed off, but is slightly confused when the clerks eagerly agree to replace all her lost reagents and only want more details on what occurred. The team debriefs, and provides the location where they buried it to the clerks, who tell them that it sounds like this is the rumored substance known as “void rock” of Fovaeum. They seem very excited to get their hands on some, and quickly agree to upgrade the team’s bands, put them up another night, and at Heat’s insistence, provide some of the local food.

They go back to the bunkhouse to rest, and find a sad stew and old bread awaiting them. Rejecting this, they eat their packed rations instead, and sleep, with a quick convo before where Heat realizes he may have cause SC to fully fade by hugging him with the void rock, but then convinces himself that SC is obviously now living in the void rock, so it’s fine. Unable to sleep, Heat patches some damaged armor and waits for morning. When the rest of the team arises, they find that their upgraded bands have been delivered as promised, and head out to check out the other districts. They find various representations of modern Denver throughout- a tech sector on the rise, various Native American Nations on the borders, the lingering legacy of the divide of the UCAS and CAS, etc, but nothing truly stands out until they reach a heavy security checkpoint into the 7th district.

Unable to pass, they look past it and see the wrecked Tower of the Broken Heart, which looks to have once been three stories, with various atriums and balconies, but to have collapsed in on itself when it split down the middle. It appears composed of hearts made of stone, all cracked, broken, and dripping thick black blood. Various figures are studying it and seemingly attempting various stabilizing rituals- these seem more like material plane mages, and the team surmises this may be another location some of the team’s GW has been sending in have wound up. Not seeing a good way to sneak through or get more intel for now, they decide to call it good on the investigation, they decide to return home, and perhaps return for further work if they can get paid for it. Comparing the state of the tower to his memory of his past visit, PPJ confirms that much of this damage is new, likely from when he helped destroy Zebulon a few years back.

The Detective also announces that they’ll be leaving, retiring from the shadows after an enjoyable dalliance with the team. They will return to the Seelie Court for now to report on the threat of the void rock, as well as warning of the MCT/Disian/AZT conspiracy where they can. They will finish some investigations there, and then when they feel ready they plan to return to Motor City, and pick up their old life there- get a new apartment, a new tub, and reconnect with all their old contacts and clients, at least those who survived Bugs and Blackouts. The team is sad to see them go, but this does all make sense, except to Heat, who seems to have a very difficult time saying goodbye. He instructs StepMAMA to start programming a chatbot using Creep and TD’s chatlogs, and after assuring StepMAMA that he will also seek therapy/help IRL she agrees and gets to work. TD takes off to make their own way back to the Seelie Court.

The remaining four head back to M&M, with Heat retrieving his weapon from the entrance now that they have the upgraded clearance, and all step through a portal back to a rural area just south of Denver. Otters, delighted to be back online, calls the van and drives it down to them. Worried about what MCT might have gained from Creep’s capture, and warned by StepMAMA of some attempts to use Creep’s credentials, but not his internals, to log in to the TacNET (which she blocked), the team decides to proceed cautiously, and Otters does a thorough scan of the safehouse while PPJ projects over to check it out astrally. Not seeing any threats or evidence of intrusion, they do however spot 4 Tarot cards on Creep’s bedroll under his usual resting place, and see that is the full set of 7’s.

They decide to risk a trip to the safehouse to retrieve the cards and their gear, leaving only the Roseanne bot there to continue surveillance. Otters and Aradia head to their private Hub safehouses, while Heat and PPJ stick together and head into the Warrens, sheltering at Dracula’s coffin motel in the Paradise Lost Mall. They rest up and prepare to sell their GW paydata to Perri and the COTD, and to figure out next steps for work, new team-mates, and safehouses, as well as determining who to carefully warn about the void rock.

Creeps Last Ride
9/2/2024, 2:15:40 PM
Runners
Otters aka Roadkill
Pepper Jack
Heat
Aradia
the Brief Return of: The Detective
and a Sad Goodbye for: Creep

Meanwhile in the Seelie Court: The Detective received a message from Arcane, along with the first batch of visitors from The Order of the Garter. Following up on this, The Detective decided to head to the Mile High Realm to temporarily rejoin the team to finish out the Ghostwalker investigation, before tendering their resignation and staying on at the Seelie Court full-time. They booked passage on one of the sand-ships that sails the astral seas, and got delivered to the Black Canyon, seemingly waking up aboard an odd train as it emerges from cavernous tunnel in a mountainside.

Spotting Iva Linus Hathaway, TD tries to get their attention, but they seem a little vague and distant (kind of like ThinkTank in the Library of Alexandria), though they do fill TD in on payment options and where they can get off. Having heard that the team planned to start their search in the Shattered Lands, they decide to get off there, and pay a small amount of life experience, as well the unique memory of their bathtub getting blown up by a missile, for the transit. They both hear and feel the train respond as they make their payment, sensing that the contributions are also it’’s fuel.

As the team had fed one of these astral trains Iva’s Soul Coin as payment in Detroit, this could explains why this ghostly version of her is acting as a porter here also. Regardless, TD, stays aboard and avoids the temptations and lures of the dark forest on either side, wary of the numerous eyes gazing out from it’s depths. Some of the other passengers are not so steadfast, and jump from the train, to their peril. TD eventually arrives at the lone platform at the edge of the Shattered Lands, dust and windblown and seeming largely abandoned.

The last stretch of track is a wild almost loop-de-loop rising over a great void, apparently GW’s attempt to keep the hyper-planes from drifting further apart. TD also makes some quick conversation with a group of mages and spirits that looks like one of the team’s GW has been sending into the Rifts for some time now. They seem to be taking measurements and performing experiments aboard the train, but seem a little fuzzy on exactly how long they’ve been there, and don’t seem to actively be doing any harm or directly causing Rifts at the moment.

TD continues on foot into the Shattered Lands, hearing the distinctive boom of Creep’s hand cannon and heading that way, eventually spotting the geodesic dome in the distance. At the dome, Heat has called the retreat and lays down some covering fire while falling back behind some low hills and hummocks to avoid return fire from the drones, 3 of which emerge from the open structure. He does succeed in getting most of the team to begin retreating, and in keeping the injured APEP Rift Jumpers from flanking them. Otters, being first to flee, is also first to spot TD approaching, and they are able to provide some critical leadership to PPJ and Aradia to get them up and moving away from the dome.

PPJ is also on fire, as the Rift Jumper he had been grappling with immolated shortly after their death, which TD helps him put out, just before it would have knocked him out. Aradia gets taken down by a spell from whatever mage is targeting them, but Heat overrides her Auto-Injector to get her up and moving quicker, and they all retreat out of line of sight. Unfortunately, Creep also gets taken down by a spell, which finally defeats his amazing ability to dodge, and gets dragged inside by the drones, as they and the Rift Jumpers retreat back in and the dome seals itself up.

With no signal from Creep, and having seen him flatline on the TacNet from the combo of magic and drone fire, they keep falling back, aware that if they are to attempt a rescue they need to rest and regroup. They spot a lone cabin in the distance, and head there, hoping for lowkey shelter for the night. The denizens seems like planar manifestations of “frontier people” in a kind of generic, hardscrabble way, but are friendly and welcoming enough. The team notices that while outside the cabin, there is a permanent midday sun, while inside there’s snow and cold outdoors. Stange. They make a deal to rent the odd collection of mounts out back of the cabin the next day in exchange for help clearing some fields, and spend a few hours healing and patching armor, before huddling under the table to sleep.

They chat with the settlers the next day while they quickly clear the fields, and get warned of the dangers of both the dome and the town on the plane, especially for outsiders like them. It seems like the RIft Jumpers and some cultists in town engage in trade of some sort, often including live captives. The dome also seems to get off-plane visitors using anachronistic craft, and does also seem to sometimes host parties. Regardless, they realize they are not properly equipped to try to rescue Creep at the moment. They catch TD up on the state of the investigation, and Denver more generally, and TD does the same re: their investigations and the Seelie Court.

With their work done early, they take the mounts (a skeletal biomechanical clydesdale, an armor-plated and horned rhino-horse, and a small drone-like mule). Otters proves a dab hand at animal handling, even without the ability to rig any of these. After some tense discussion and interpersonal dynamic navigation, they decide to go to the town despite the warnings, with Otters and PPJ watching the mounts outside of town, while the rest of the team sneaks in in disguise to see what’s up and try to get some info. Aradia and TD disguise themselves and Heat, and they walk into town, finding a classic, iconic “old west” town, basically straight out of a movie. They notice the townspeople seem split about half and half between looking approving and disapproving towards their cult disguises.

The townspeople also seem split between more planar representations like the farmers- kind of ill-defined and generic, and more more independent, fully defined spirits. They also see some non-spirit denizens, who mostly seem to be affiliated with the cult. PPJ and Otters, doing some bird drone surveillance via Morticia, report that this cult is almost surely a metaplanar representation of the Path of the Sun, the official state church of AZT, though this version seems a bit inaccurate, and definitely ahistorical to the region and time represented. This gives some good tips on how to play it though, so they make a quick plan and head towards the church, but not before spotting PPJ trying to sneak into town, not in disguise.

His vindictiveness and hatred of Blood Magic got the best of him, and he snuck off from Otters while she was in full VR in the drone, and headed in. He almost instantly gets spotted by the sheriff as an outsider, and a classic high noon standoff takes place on main street. PPJ subtly waves Heat off when he offers assistance, and the other 3 hang back and blend in with the townfolk who have cleared the street. PPJ tries to intimidate the sheriff, but ends up getting it reversed on him, and heads to the saloon to drown his sorrows, with some mocking laughter following him in.

Luckily the bartender claims he is famously neutral, and when PPJ offers reagents in exchange for info, proves to be quite useful as a source of general info. Even more interestingly, someone casually bumps into PPJ while passing by and tells him if he opposes the cult, to go to the general store and ask for “the Heart”. He heads out into the street to do so. Meanwhile, the other 3 have blagged their way into the church, the newest-looking building in town (PPJ found out that the AZT faction is definitely not original to the town, but also not brand new), having intimidated the two young acolytes outside, who seem like local converts.

Inside, they have a little more trouble, as they don’t know the right passphrases (or language), but manage to con their way through, explaining that they are Earth visitors to the Mystics and Magicks branch in the City of Steel, and being entrusted with a sealed package to deliver back to M&M. Heat also holds his hand in the magnified, burning-hot sunlight in the center of the church, until his skin blisters, both to prove his faith and because he needs to feel something punitive, as he blames himself a bit for what happened to Creep, but as the team’s “leader” can’t let on to anyone that that’s going on.

They also see that church uses magnifying lenses for their sacrifices, explaining that the sun will purify everything. They get the feeling that although some of the cultists seem like true believers, the material plane leaders are aware that they are to some extent running a scam, though they do seem faithful in their way. The team, between conversation and assensing, gets the feeling that this church and the sacrifices are designed to gradually alter the mana of the local area, and maybe eventually the whole plane, which GW surely won’t be happy about, if he isn’t aware already. They send a warning message to PPJ that the cult seems to specifically target outsiders.

He receives this as he is walking into the general store, so decides to first get some local duds, which he does, replacing his burnt coat. He then asks for “the Heart”, and is ushered into the back, and shown down a stair into the basement, hidden under a false barrel. He heads down and finds some local denizes waiting, these seem more of the free spirit type. After doing some initial establishment of bona fides, PPJ shares what the team knows about the situation with the MHR, the Veil, GW, and the cult. In exchange, the spirits explain that they are members of “The Hearts of Zebulon”, the astral group that the team knows is allied with the Veil, with each group generally tending to their side of the divide.

The HoZ explain that they want GW and other material plane dwellers to stop meddling in their plane and affairs and leave them be, confirming that the meddling is what is causing the Rifts. However, GW seems to only be responsibly for around 1/3rd of the Rifts with his current activity, trying to keep the planes from drifting further. He has been maintaining the increasingly tenuous transit connections between the planes to keep them all loosely affiliated, and though the HoZ say he is certainly dangerous they don’t view him as the current largest threat.

That honor goes to a group they refer to as “The Dissonants”- this seems to be the alliance of MCT and the Disians (“baldies”) that the team has been running up against. The Null Sect don’t seem to be present here at least, but interestingly, the HoZ confirm the farmer’s intel that these Dissonants engage in trade with the AZT cultists, especially of living metahumans. This could explain what’s been happening to all the people who have been going missing through Rifts of late, including many Veil members, as well as some of what’s been happening to all the team’s GW has been sending in and not getting back. The HoZ also explain that they think the sacrifices that the cult performs, as well as gradually aspecting the local mana, are also powering up some strange crystals that they’ve seen them trading to the Rift Jumpers.

Recognizing Blood Magic when he hears of it, PPJ follow this topic further, and the HoZ confirm that the crystals seem to be used to both power and stabilize further Rifts, along with who knows what else, which is deeply worrying. Speculating together, they guess that these Dissonants are using GW"s distraction, bad reputation for caring about civilian safety, and the pre-existing presence of Rifts due to his past with Zebulon as cover for their own Rift experiments, and they guess that the Dissonants are using some random Rifts to sow chaos while also obscuring their true agenda, whatever it is.

With that, PPJ vows to help them somehow, with them providing some tips as to how he could do so. They sneak him out of town, and he rejoins Otters, as the rest of the team also heads out and meets up with them, with the package from the church for M&M in tow. They decide not to open the package, as it has some anti-tamper seals, but also decide not to help the HoZ locally right now by attacking the church, which PPJ is really pushing for. Heat wants to finish the main job and get paid, Aradia doesn’t want to alienate valuable allies at AZT, and Otters, though initially excited about helping locals, is quickly convinced to go the other way with no regret. TD stays out of it, as they are exiting the team shortly and don’t want to make big decisions for the group.

They head “north” on the mounts, reaching a perilous, crumbling land bridge towards a welded together metal wall, crowned with spikes and towers of scrap- the crossing into the Iron Horse Nation. Three atompunk looking figures yell down at them, as they dismount, and send the mounts back towards the farmer. The figures offer a number of different challenges for the team to complete to be allowed to travel on, with them deciding to all stick together and participate in some kind of car combat race known as the “Wreckoning”. They are ushered in, and Otters quickly gets very pumped when she realizes she can rig the scrap built war rig they are provided to use in the contest.

The limited rules are explained, and the team members all choose a station to man in the rig, with TD ending up as the gunner, being the best of many mediocre options, as Otters is busy driving and Heat is doing the hacking station. They kick it off by launching smoke and then slewing to the side, with Otters going offroad and taking a hard route, trying to sneak to the finish line while avoiding other combatants. Aradia assists with a distracting illusory car in the main scrum. They manage to reach the track exit first, but having been told that they will earn little respect if they deal no damage, they set up an ambush, and wreck the first other rig to reach the end with a combo of gunfire, spellcraft and ramming.

Otters guns it out of the track in reverse, and the team are told they have free travel of the plane, though they are on their own as to providing personal security etc. It seems very post-apoc, everyone for themselves vibes, though there are hints that are more established communities, the team is told that there are run by boring, crusty sheriffs trying to establish “order” instead of embracing the churn of the rest of the plane. The team decides to bypass all of this for now, and takes a ride from one of the atompunks on his gyrocopter. He flies them up to the crossing to the City of Steel- another tenuous and twisted bridge, but this one of modern alloys, covered in tank traps and barbed wire, and leading to a high security checkpoint.

The team prepares to cross, planning to rest again once they get inside, as they aren’t feeling good about sleeping securely in the current plane. Meanwhile, Creep awakens in captivity, and finds himself interrogated and Mind Probed by one of the baldies. As he is paralyzed by Gamma Scopolamine, he doesn’t have a ton of options, and he refuses the offer to go over to the other side. Sensing that he may not get a better chance to take his own way out, he uses his internal router to eject all his limbs, and then vents all his air from his internal tanks. As he loses consciousness, he senses a growing burning in his chest- seemingly Thisbe Sorrel being good to her word re: her ritual to deny his body to the Shadow spirits whenever he died.

As he fades into nothing, his last hope is that all the vented oxygen will create some kind of explosion, maybe taking out the baldy or at least doing some damage, but he feels good that at least he didn’t betray his friends….

Geodesic Glory Hole
8/26/2024, 9:55:27 PM
Runners
Creep
Otters aka Roadkill
Pepper Jack
Heat
Aradia

The team rests up from the previous couple of jobs and waits to hear back from Le Guide on Vishala’s whereabouts. They get a call from The Collector and Silk, inquiring if they are down to do another job of making connections between different groups in town. After pausing to do some largely inconclusive but vaguely positive digging on Silk, they get back to them and Heat negotiates for pay. They are told it is once again an info gathering job, this time looking into the ASPS. TC and Silk want the team to find out if two local ASPS members, Hypnalia and Louis Belaran are: free of Black Lodge association; not a on a suicidal revenge quest against Ghostwalker; and generally trustworthy/open to allies.

As the team already has a decent rapport with Belaran from helping to rescue Ersatz, the Refugee, they figure this sounds very doable, and agree. After trying to convince Belaran to meet in person, and finding him too busy, they take up his suggestion of an astral meet, and decide to try to do both interviews at the same time, in case anything sketchy arises, so the ASPS members can’t compare notes. PPJ and Aradia project over to the agreed upon meeting spot and find Belaran’s projection waiting. They have a friendly convo, and find that he seems to check all the boxes as required.

They also find out that he is more of a global fixer/floater for the ASPS, traveling to problem areas to help troubleshoot. He gives them a little further update on the situation in Paris, and France in general, and also provides some tantalizing details about Ersatz’s strange powers. Belaran also passes along Ersatz’s thanks to the team for helping to rescue him from the Black Lodge and others who didn’t have his best interests at heart, so it seems like they made a good call trusting Belaran then and feel able to continue doing so for now.

The rest of the team does some research and calls up some contacts, and eventually tracks Hypnalia down to the Viper’s Den bar, the former home of Harlequin’s resistance against GW, in the Aurora Warrens. Only PPJ has been there before IRL, but weirdly, most of the team recently visited a strange version of the bar in the Reflecting Pool, when Chiron assisted them on their dive there. They drive over, and Creep ID’s members of two gangs hanging out- the Vipers street gang, and the Blockade matrix gang. He’s heard rumors they’ve teamed up recently, and as the team enters the bar they do so that both gangs seem to be tag-teaming some surreptitious security, as well as outnumbering the civilian patrons.

A small group of mages at the back are maintaining some illusions for the patrons’ enjoyment while also conversing amongst themselves, and Heat approaches, announcing that they are seeking Hypnalia.After some slightly tense rep checking, the team is invited to sit for a chat, and does so. Hypnalia seems a lot more guarded and cautious than Belaran, possibly due to the fact that she seems charged with actually sticking around and getting this chapter up and running.

However, she does confirm that she despises the Black Lodge, and though she also doesn’t seem fond of GW she says that she is too busy trying to help the denizens of Denver deal with magical threats to pursue revenge in either case, and that any of the gangers (who seem allied with the ASPS here- one faction providing magic, one matrix, one physical) were dumb enough to openly oppose GW they would not still be around. After some dancing around it and hinting at stuff, Heat confirms that the team is basically in the same boat.

Confirming that Hypnalia’s rep for ruthlessness, but not cruelty, seems accurate, and having fulfilled the other requirements, they feel out her interest in allies, since she seems more locally in charge than Belaran. She requires them to ID who they are working for, and feeling that will assist mission success, they do so, gaining Hypnalia’s approval, at least for now. She warns them in return that Cat, the fixer, is more affiliated with GW than she lets on, and tells the team to make sure they know what kind of work they are doing for and what info they share. With that done, they report back in to TC and SIlk and get paid. Still not having heard back from Le Guide, they decide to head back to the metaplanes, specifically the Mile High Realm, to finish their investigation into “what GW is up to” for the Children of the Dragon and Alexis Glimmerscale.

They do some research and gear up, refreshing on the nature of the 4 known and one rumored connected hyper-planes, and also on how to go about traveling to, from and between them. They decide to pay Silver Streak to smuggle their gear over to Arcane’s and get portaled in again, aiming to land in the Shattered Lands, which PPJ is so excited about that he adds a new stylish duster to his costume store western wear. The smuggling and portal go off without a hitch, though they also tip Arcane off to start keeping an eye out for dark magics in town, telling him they’ll pay for any intel he passes along. They also hear from Glimmerscale that a Catholic banisher/exorcist from Boston was approved to enter the city to take care of the Shadow spirits possessing the family in Sunshine Estates, so that’s good.

They enter the Shattered Lands, and with the biodrone aloft get a pretty good luck at the place. There’s a feeling of endless mountains rising to the “west” and grassy plain descending into infinity to the “east”. To the “south” they see a rickety train track extending off over an open void from a dusty, ill-used platform at the plane’s edge- this seems to be the broken connection the Black Canyon and it’s creepy forests, though it’s possible the track would still carry them over if they followed it. To the “north”, they start to see some oil spills and tire tracks, as well as some smoke clouds, suggesting that a crossing to the Iron Horse Nation is somewhere that way. They also see various communities scattered around, seemingly the plane’s representation of different periods of history and people from around what is the modern FRFZ.

However, the team becomes fixated on a large geodesic dome, which squats anachronistically a few hours walk away to the “east”. Having heard rumors that an MCT exec has settled in the MHR and occasionally hosts interesting parties, and is also obsessed with the 6th World Tarot, they decide to head there first. Some of them are near blinded by the aggressive reflections from the dome as they approach but they manage to jury-rig some solutions and reach it with no trouble. Heat and Creep knock on the outside, and receive responses on a small screen. After affirming that they have Tarot, and flashing a card to prove it, the team threatens to leave when they refuse to hand the card over in exchange for entry.

This is when the ambush is sprung. Only Aradia and Creep notice in time, and the rest of the team comes under fire from what Aradia recognizes as an APEP Consortium rift jumper team. This also explains the odd perfect circles she has seen near the dome. There are also some vehicle tracks, both of local carts and wagons and more advanced craft. PPJ is snared in the initial attack and reeled in towards one of the attackers as the other team-mates dodge. A massive firefight breaks out. The opponents seems quite skilled and hard to hit, but between Otters with a Mule drone, Creep, Heat, and distracting magic from Aradia and PPJ, they manage to take one of the rift jumpers out and injure two more.

However, Otter’s drone is destroyed when she is forced to use it to defend her prone body, and PPJ’s fancy armor is also wrecked. Also, someone starts countering their spells to various degrees. Heat launches a grenade inside the dome as a crack starts to open, and blows something up as it deflects along an inner wall. Then the team comes under suppressing fire from a drone with a mounted mini-gun. They flee and take cover, with the rift jumper team also having fallen back into cover in response to the team’s attacks. After refusing an offer to throw down their weapons and Tarot in order to be allowed to leave, Heat calls a tactical retreat and they begin trying to figure out how they are going to get out of there….

Blackout Investigation Part 2
8/19/2024, 11:42:05 AM
Runners
Creep
Otters aka Roadkill
Pepper Jack
Heat
Aradia

The team hurriedly makes good their escape from the vicinity of the ice rink in Elbert, with PPJ making Heat invisible alongside Aradia who did so for herself. They sneak back to the truck, joined by Creep with the experiment fragments, and after finishing off the LoneStar support drones, Otters pulls the Mules back as well, and repositions the van. Once everyone is loaded up, they leave town, with some slightly off-target shotgun blasts booming out behind them. Otters take a deeply off-road route through mechanized farmlands, with Heat spoofing various sensors that they pass to avoid detection. They reach more normal road grids with a new van skin, spoof chip, plate, and magical look, and reenter normal traffic.

Feeling like they lost any potential pursuit, they decide to take a look at the recovered fragments Creep has in his leg. Assessing them they can see that they aren’t alchemical, but do appear related to spirit summoning and binding, as well as some other mechanism they are having a hard time ID-ing. They also can tell that possessing the fragments or being in their presence is slowly aspecting everyone’s background count, with Creep already showing lingering signs, so they probably want to offload these quickly. They decide to keep doing evasive driving for the moment while Aradia uses Psychometry to further analyze.

She touches the fragments and gets pulled back in to some vibes- it seems like some techs set them up in an area in the center of a large ritual circle, which Aradia recognizes bits of from Creep’s footage from inside the rink. The sigils of the circle seem related to summoning and binding 6 different “standard” forms of spirit, from some of the closer planes. However, the grenades seem to torment them and corrupt them by opening micro-rifts to a toxic plane (likely Miggon or near to there), though the explosion and corruption seems to have blown bigger than expected, based on them abandoning the site immediately after they blew the doors off.

Piecing this together with Creep’s intel and what they know of Vishala’s interests and experiments, they determine that what she is doing is two-fold. First, she seems to be testing her new “corruption grenades” to see how quickly they can corrupt spirits and turn them toxic, and also how that effect changes related to the power of the summoned spirit (since Creep saw 6 spirits of varied Force). Secondly, the experiment also seems to relate to the blimp experiments that caused the local blackouts- seeing how quickly they could force a change in background count in an area, in this case by trapping and tormenting/corrupting bound spirits.

Since this is all quite nefarious and they are all now carrying a small amount of toxic taint to their auras, they call up Le Guide, and arrange to meet him at a nearby wildlife refuge in Stapleton. Otters does a little research, and realizes the refuge is a former USA chemical weapons testing site, so given the rampant growth in the decades sense and the likely lingering toxic traces, it seems like a great place to do a magical item handover without getting spotted. They head there, meet up with LG, and hand over the fragments. He has brought some kind of shielded bag to carry them in, and pays up, gladly paying some extra when Heat explains that the job wasn’t quite a milk run after all, despite his previous assurance that it would be.

Heat and Aradia burn the SINs they gave to LS, and Aradia replaces her own, while Heat gets a new one with team funds, to avoid going into further debt with another team-mate. LG says he will be in touch about next steps once has time to analyze the fragments and search around town some more, and the team agrees they are still interested in pursuing this matter. They mostly head back to the safehouse to rest, though Heat and Aradia split off to head into the Hub to check out the new Basilisk brothel. Arriving, they find that some of the advertised statues made of misbehaving patrons are parked out front, with digital signs around their necks showing how long they have left to remain calcified, seemingly based on their infraction, some of which are fairly obvious from the poses in which they are frozen. Heat peruses the digital service menu as they enter, and tells Aradia to call him if she needs help, heading off to have some fun, at a rate which he can afford.

Aradia chats it up with a Lamia bartender, seeing that the staff also includes, Nagas, various Shifters and a variety of Changelings, including one of the new, rare Garuda types. There is also a hooded basilisk in a comfortable enclosure off to the side, as well as more statues scattered about the interior. Aradia accepts a “Blow Me” mixed drink, with some poisonous extractions from a rare fish (or at least the synthesized equivalent) adding a little frisson, after the bartender recommends it as a compliment to Aradia’s novacoke high. Aradia passes along info on the Order of the Garter, and the bartender agrees to distro it to the workers here, explaining that they are all independent contractors, with the owners providing the space, security, and client screening resources.

Satisfied with their outing, Heat and Aradia head back to the safehouse and crash out. The next day, they get some news: the ZDF, with a quiet Horizon assist, has raided the Shedim outpost in the Englewood Barrens, and taken down their smuggling op. So sounds like PPJ is even with Doublewide. Horizon seems to have done some careful PR as well, though not quite in the direction the team wanted- the news stories all hint that the dark magics in the area are likely leftover from AZT’s time occupying it, and also clear Knight Errant of the rumors of involvement in area residents disappearing by showing evidence that some of the missing people turned out to have been grabbed by Shedim.

As to whether either of these claims is partially or fully true, who knows. Ghostwalker also takes some subtle hits for being distracted enough to let Shedim flourish, but it isn’t the official narrative, and seems consigned to fringe forums. Also, an A-rated Japanese corp called Komatsu was apparently destroyed in a bungled data steal raid after they apparently developed technology to keep metaplanar portals open and stable. Rumors in the shadows seem unclear who was behind the raid, or how Komatsu managed such a discovery.

Heat gets a worried message from one of the 3 guards they paid for info on Vishala, telling him that he and one of the others had to flee town and hide out after their 3rd colleague was killed by a group which tagged “Omega Dawn” at the murder scene. He had apparently been talking positively about trying to set up nonlethal arrangements with runners to reduce the risk to guards, and word reached the corporate death squad, who targeted him. The surviving guards ask for Heat to tell them if they’re clear to return safely sometime.

Heat calls up Johnny Silver to warn him of the risks to the ShadChaps, after PPJ relays the tale of his run-in with the OD in Boston- when he was kidnapped and tossed into the Temple of Terror and being interrogated (unsuccessfully, due to a fortuitous magical mind wipe from the team’s allies). Talking with Johnny, Heat gets the background- the OD is a cross-corporate, ultra-secret cell-based terror group, mostly comprised of corpsec who has lost friend, coworkers, family, etc to runner activities. They are officially renounced by all of the corps, though everyone assumes they must have some reasonably high-level supporters, as they always seem to have top-notch gear and be able to get around easily.

Heat also calls up Hype to warn him, and Hype seems not overly worried about his personal safety, though he appreciates the heads up. He asks for an update on the ShadChaps, and is disappointed Heat has allowed himself to get pushed out of day to day involvement, telling him to get back involved and make sure he picks the right allies as the ShadChaps are getting established locally- there are some organizers who will assure longterm success, and some who won’t. Heat says he gets it, though he assures the team afterwards that he means that in a different way than Hype does. They also get a call from Le Guide, offering a side job. He makes clear that it’s a favor for a contact of his, and not a job he’s personally invested in, but the French Touch corp collective needs a runner on the run extracted back to France. The team says they’ll look into it.

The runners name is SIM-Eon, a troll decker, and they quickly find posts from him on both Jackpoint and The Nexus, suggesting he’s a well-connected runner in the French scene, and has become one of the go-to “local experts” on Paris and it’s surroundings for the international runner community. He seems generally well-liked, so the team mostly balks at doing an extraction, with many wanting to instead help him out. Creep wants to remain loyal to Le Guide, with the rest of the team leaning partway or fully towards assisting SIM-Eon to various degrees. First Heat calls Perri, and gets more info.

Apparently, SIM-Eon pulled a job and needed to lie low for a bit afterword, but it was big enough to attract corp attention in a bad way. Perri is worried because the enforcer of the French cyber-democracy, and massive Expert System named “Marianne” has apparently been broadening her reach, doing open-source intel gathering and some light hacking around the world to track people who have caught her interest but escaped the reach of her physical sensors. Worried that SIM-Eon will accidentally get tagged in the background of some random tourists snap-shots or something, the Nexus have him laying real low right now.

Also, there’s another interested party- GW himself apparently heard that the runner was in town, and wants him brought in- GW has a long running interest in Marianne, and may want a captive in-house expert on both that system and how to avoid or subvert it, especially if he is looking at setting up his own version of it in Denver, as he is rumored to be. This pushes most of the team over the edge into wanting to actively help SE. Creep still prefers loyalty to Le Guide, so they compromise a bit, and call LG, telling him that SE is friends of friends so they can’t take the job, and can’t recommend other runners to take it, as they’d be in the same position.

LG says he understands and appreciates the caution, explaining that he will still have to track down some local contractors to look into the matter, but will avoid sticking his neck out for it or expecting success, but must still appease his contacts and keep them happy. Feeling that he legit isn’t bothered by this turn of events, the team puts SE in touch with Arcane about arranging some alchemical disguises to avoided detection, while Heat puts together some high quality forgeries showing evidence that SE has been spotted in Seattle, St. Louis, New Orleans and elsewhere, hoping to hint that he is hiding out in various other locales, all of which happen to be under the Sea Dragon’s matronage.

They get a “thanks!” message passed to them through the Nexus from SE, and an assurance that they now have a solid French connection, if it becomes useful. They next hear from Ringmaster, and catch up a bit about events in Denver and Detroit/Motor City. Ringmaster wants them to find some kind of amoral dirt on Seader-Krupp, in order to tempt the Iron Cavalry merc corp (who the team recently encountered at the Horse Play brothel) away from SK employ. Ringmaster says he has lined up a contract for them through Evo, to ensure pay continuity, but explains that the International Mercenary Association is a stickler about breaking contracts, so they’ll need something good to get the IC away from their longterm employer.

He says he can’t tell them more at the moment about why this needs to happen, but ensures them that it will be for the good of metahumanity in the long run. They agree to look into it, but don’t have any current leads. The Collector and Silk call them up, and ask them to take on another investigative job for them. The team agrees, and gets an info packet with two areas to investigate, especially for astral weirdness, both corresponding to local blackouts they had previously investigated. TC and Silk also mention to the team that they know the team had previously looked into the blackouts for Peregrine, but warn that he is too closely tied to SK to be able to trust that he will do the best thing for the people of Denver, and not instead use what info they find to make a move against GW, since Lofwyr is beefing with him. The team agrees to keep the info exclusive, especially since Ringmaster just subtly warned them that SK is up to something potentially nefarious.

They head to the first area, stocking up on some gardening and surveying supplies and appropriate uniforms, and gaining access to the human supremacist Archer Heights neighborhood, bordering the Aurora Warrens, the site of the former eugenics clinic. They spend a while taking measurements and doing some public area lawn care, with Heat’s quickly forged business website holding up to casual scrutiny. Aradia and PPJ begin analyzing the local mana, which is definitely off in some way, and find a small fear-based background count. It seems like the strange magic they had previously detected, which in retrospect seems Disian, is absent.

Heat can also see that the large Dissonance pool previously present has shrunk in a normal fashion, as it seems it hasn’t been tended to, so that at least is good news. Otters keep an eye out for threats approaching, but sees none, and Creep spots a scared child watching them from a nearby house, which looks to have a suspicious amount of recently added locks added to it’s entrances. They decide to look into it more, with Creep sneaking up and seeing the child mouth “help me” before being snatched back into what can only be magical darkness. He starts picking a lock to get in, as PPJ projects in, planning to manifest to get a look around.

PPJ checks for auras in the house, and finds 3: the child, and 2 adults, who seems to be Shadow spirits possessing living humans, and who are masking their auras. Seeing that they’ve been spotted, one of them races to attack PPJ, who flees to his body quickly after being injured, for once rejecting astral combat, wisely. He preps his astral armor spell in case they’re going back in as the team debates strategy. Creep gets the door open just as PPJ’s astral form retreats and hears some creepy, gravelly whispers from inside before the door slams shut in a gust of dark wind in his face. Proper haunted house.

Realizing that they don’t have the right tools and skills to banish the spirits without harming the hosts, who are likely the girl’s parents, they decide to call in some backup, and just focus on the data, since that’s what they’re getting paid for. After some debate, they contact Alexis Glimmerscale at the Draco Foundation, who seems surprised they’re calling for a favor on another job without ever reporting in on the job they were doing for her. Aradia blows her mind with a progress report on all the info they uncovered on Ghostwalker at the Seelie Court, and says they’ll get around to finishing the job soon, and Glimmerscale agrees to coordinate with the ASPS to bring some licensed banishers to town.

She says they’ll maybe also have to coordinate with the Catholics to get some banishers in who will be approved by GW/ZDF border security, since the FRFZ is a safe haven for spirits and all, but says she’ll handle it. She asks for more info on what they’re investigating, and the team says they’ll give their Johnsons her number in case they want to coordinate info. PPJ and Aradia finish assensing the area, but decide to also analyze the other blackout area before drawing any conclusions. The team calls up Silk and TC as they drive, report in on their findings so far, and put them in touch with Glimmerscale- they once again seem excited to be expanding their pool of allies and say they will coordinate with her to try to save the family.

Heading way south to Colorado Springs, the team uses the same disguises to enter the Sunshine Estates private neighborhood there, which they know is a front for a secret AZT spec ops deep cover team, as well as being a functional gated community.

PPJ and Aradia start assensing again, with Heat confirming the same depleting Dissonance effect here, Otters spotting a few undercover AZT security people around town but not on alert, and Creep eventually noticing a blood trail leading into a corner store, with a snapped dog leash out front. They pause to investigate, heading inside to find a badly injured man bleeding out on the floor, while some customers try to stabilize him and the shopkeep yells about who’s gonna pay for the mess. Aradia steps in and magically heals the injured man, though his lower legs are nowhere to be found, and Creep pays off the shopkeep to shut him up. Everyone seems very surprised and impressed that a gardening crew has a magical healer on staff so they decide not to stick around too long, but do get a quick tale of what happened.

Apparently the man was out walking his dog, when a massive armored bear came out of nowhere and bit off his legs after chomping on him. His dog leapt to his defense, getting the bear to let go of the man, before it grabbed the dog and ambled off somewhere to eat, seemingly planning to return for the man. Doing some magical analysis, they get the feeling a rift had recently opened and closed in the near area, and assume the bear isn’t from her. Otters quickly tracks it via blood trail to a nearby alley where she sees it finish swallowing the hindquarters of a large dog.

The bear is tusked and does seem to be wearing armor, so the team speculates this a fighting bear from some astral arena, and likely a plasma. Given justified fear of the massive beasts, including from PPJ and other past team-mates’ direct encounters, they decide to pass this problem off as well. Aradia calls up Aguila, the local AZT covert ops team lead (and Blood practitioner) and manages to subtly insult him again, though also offering him the chance to take down a major threat in his neighborhood. She also passes along one of the sample experimental bioweapons that Simonetta Chandra gave her, and tells Aguila to report the results into Chandra to score some further points in the corp.

Aguila accepts, and PPJ and Aradia finish their astral investigation before the team quickly leaves the area. They get a call from Chandra a short while later, saying that she got an encoded message passed to her from the corp ops division, reporting that the bear was not a shifter, so the experimental weapon only got half a field test, but proved quite damaging, and also that an image was included, of Aguila holding up a bloody collar, seemingly taken from the bear, with a sigil of a massive sword crossed over a broken stone ring. Doing some thinking about the symbol, the team thinks this bear likely came from the metaplane of War/Battle, specifically from it’s sole city, known as Coliseum, where endless bouts between varied combatants take place.

Putting this together with what they found in Archer Heights, as well as the larger astral investigation, they put together that the blimp experiments there seem ongoing, in a way. The fear of blackouts was enough to tip the local mood and manasphere over a precipice, to where they established a fear-based background count, which attracted more rifts and more dark spirits, which created more fear, etc in what seems to be a slow-moving but potentially self-perpetuating cycle of astral worsening. Contrasted with what they figured out about Vishala’s experiments, it seems like MCT is pursuing at least two paths to triggering large scale mana shifts, one passive and slower (the blimps, blackouts, fear route) and one faster and more active (the spirit corruption).

This is very worrying, for obvious reasons, so PPJ and Heat tag-team another impressive presentation to the Johnsons, who once again say they need some time to analyze, but seem impressed, and happily pay the increased rate that Heat head negotiated for. The team rests up and prepares for whatever comes next.

Rural Ice Rinks
8/12/2024, 10:58:28 AM
Runners
Creep
Otters aka Roadkill
Pepper Jack
Heat
Aradia

The team, returned from the Reflecting Pool, brief Heat on what they found there and chat for a while before Chiron gets bored of driving them around and drops them back off at their van- he hadn’t wanted to stay stationary after their return just in case, as the smugglers had left and taken their advanced warning systems with them. They start heading back to town, but Otters decides to make a stop near their safehouse at a uniform supply shop to freshen up her duds, and then Heat and Acadia convince everyone to go clothes shopping at a fancier nearby mall instead.

Otters and Creep both get some new formal wear for appropriate occasions, and PPJ updates his “ronin” cloak with a low-sling old west style bullet belt and a piratical eyepatch, both from a costume supply store. Although the others aren’t 100% about this look, they head out in their new outfits to meet again with The Collector and Silk at Club Olympus, in the Hub. They have once again rented out a private room in the interior of the central mountain, and Creep makes a point of stating that they dressed their best to try to change the Johnsons’ impression of the team from the previous meeting, which seems to amuse Silk. Aradia has helped PPJ out a bit and made his look more unified while still being very “him”.

PPJ takes the lead on presenting the info, doing a kind of classic “red string” conspiracy theory board in AR, though Heat also jumps in to clean and clear everything up a bit. With the two of them they cogently present the info they got in the Reflecting Pool and the Johnsons are appropriately disturbed. After confirming that the team is fully briefed on the dangers of the Null Sect, they confer for a while about what this could mean, and offer the team more work in the future once they have time to process this and figure out next steps.

Heat asks if they want to drink and party a bit since they’re in the club, and they demur, saying the info requires some immediate thought and analysis. They do arrange to pay the team a little extra to broker a potential intro to Stiletto, so they can hopefully collaborate, as it seems their formerly parallel investigations are intersecting. Next up, the team stops by the new Centaur-run brothel, Horse Play. Aradia has already been white-listed it seems, due to her work with the Order of the Garter, so they have an easy time getting in, past the muscular Centaur bouncer.

Creep recognizes that much of the security staff as well as many of the patrons seem to be members of the Iron Cavalry, a merc corp sometimes derogatorily referred to as “The Freak Show”, a sobriquet that they have embraced. It is made up primarily of Centaurs, shape-shifters, and other metasapients, and tends to get some unique work opportunities due to it’s unique composition. What they are doing on a deployment in Denver is a good question. Perhaps due to their presence, there are also a fair number of other off-duty mercs in the bar, outnumbering the civvie’s there.

The team makes themselves at home, with Heat bemused when Creep has a successful social interaction with the bartender, when he asks for an “Alpha CENTAUR-y” and the bartender chortles and says that he’s renaming the bar’s cosmos as that from now on. Creep is delighted. Aradia converses with some of the staff about the potential safety risks of drastically different size mammals copulating and they explain to her some of the various methods and means they have of addressing that.

Since the place seems legit and up to her standards, Aradia asks the bartender to spread around some invites to TOoTG amongst the employees, which he agrees to, as he says that everyone here is “grass fed and free range”- seemingly making a little joke of his own. But it seems to fit with the general do no harm ethos of the owner’s other business around the corner, the popular vegan restaurant “Feed Trough”. PPJ partakes of some of the services offered after getting chatted up by some employees who seem to perhaps correctly identify his costume outfit as some form of fetish wear.

With that complete, they head back to the safehouse, where Aradia is shocked to find a new Tarot card on her pillow, right where she laid her head to go to sleep in the Reflecting Pool- it is a variant version of The Fool (which they’ve previously seen in the 6th World Tarot as “the Bastard”) but seemingly from one of the other two strange new decks they’ve encountered in the meta planes. The team reviews drone and other sensor footage around the safehouse and don’t see anyone dropping it off, so it seems to just have manifested, as the Tarot is sometimes wont to do.

Aradia stays up to magically analyze it a bit, trying some assensing and also psychometry. It seems to have some of the same powers and possibilities of the 6WT- both useful as a tool of divination and potentially summoning, but also for a variety of different ritual or artifact purposes. However, the magic behind it seems a bit different, and Aradia feels the closest thing she’s seen to it is the strange magic from the baldies, entities they have now identified as Disians. The team analyzes and speculates about the card for a while more, before tabling it for now and deciding not to use it at the moment, as Heat is the one pushing it and he finally comes down from his evening’s high and loses interest.

They crash out and rest up. Awakening the next day, they find a waiting message from Le Guide (they have decided to start calling him this due to his French connections and to avoid confusion with “The Collector” etc). He apparently has a new lead for them on Vishala, and wants them to get to it soon. However, PPJ has something he feels he needs to deal with first, and gets the team on board to help him do recon on a trafficking org that’s operating out of Englewood Barrens, in order to pay off his debt to Doublewide, the strange underground fixer that he met on his way back from Zecorporatum.

The team mostly agrees to help, with Heat insisting on being paid, but then getting flustered when Otters offers him too much money in a way his pride can’t handle, and eventually settles on knocking off a small portion of his remaining debt to PPJ instead. They prepare to head out as Heat does a matrix look and Otters does a drone flyby. Heat sees very little matrix activity in the Barrens, and the team briefly discusses trying to get a side job to get connectivity up there before Heat realizes that the area is likely an informal sacrifice zone, used as an example of GW’s wrath, as it used to be AZT turf, and the lack of reconstruction and level of destruction there seems intentional.

They decide to just do that job and get out. With a little research on forums, they also find out that there is a large tent city in a park that is the main population center, alongside scattered smaller groups squatting in the ruins, and the only business in the area is a multi-block Knight Errant live fire training facility, that they got on the cheap after GW’s “Reclamation”. There are rumors of people going missing semi-frequently in the Barrens, and some of the darker rumors suggest that KE may be kidnapping stragglers from “live targets”, though this is far from confirmed.

On the drone flyby, Otters sees that the nursing home that the smugglers are using as a base is fairly well-maintained for the area, with boarded up exterior ground floors and a nice looking interior courtyard. However, all the elderly people she see’s there are shockingly spry, moving about with a purpose, seemingly unattended by any staff, though there are people of a variety of ages alongside them from time to time. Worried that some of the rumors of “dark spirits” in the area could suggest a Shedim infiltration, Otters heads back to the safehouse with the VTOL and picks up PPJ, to do some assensing. PPJ masks his aura quite well, luckily, and they do another surveillance pass seemingly undetected amidst the various flyover traffic above the Barrens. PPJ confirms Shedim, partially by spotting that all the natural growth in their immediate area have died, and the verdant appearance is provided by fake potted plants.

Otters is also able to spot some healing surgical scars on various of the people they observe, including what look to be major organ and limb swaps and the like. The team speculates that Shedim would be perfect for an organ-legging group as allies/employees, as they can keep the bodies “alive” past the point of death and rapidly heal wounds, and this gives the Shedim a relatively stable “home” for a time as well. Disturbing! Not wanting to deal with it themselves, they come up with an easier alt plan, and bandy back and forth who to take it to, before eventually settling on utilizing Heat’s connections in Horizon.

As this is a major get, it should boost his contact Hype’s ranking in the corp, which is a nice side benefit, as he will now owe Heat some favors in exchange. They pass along the intel on the facility to Hype, with Heat emphasizing that it getting dealt with is the top most important item, and that the team wants it spun such that it can be used as anti-GW propaganda- his neglect is allowing Shedim and organ traffickers to flourish! This could also explain where all the missing people in the area have been ending up. Hype says to leave it in his capable hands, and seems excited about the opportunity.

With that done, PPJ hopes it will get quickly wrapped up and word will get back to Doublewide so that they’ll be square. Heat also settles up his info debt to Prophetess and the Followers of the Ancient Way for using their Resonance Well at the Temple. He debates feeding them some of the info the team found out about GW and the dangers he poses in his request to reinstantiate Zebulon, but decides against it to how close Prophetess is to the dragon, and instead gives them a detailed update on the political situation at the Seelie Court, which they seem delighted by, as current info on that plane is hard to come by on the matrix.

The team finally calls Le Guide back, and gets the update: following their leads, he had sent spirits searching around town for an overlap of corrupted mana with Dissonance build-up, and found a spot where it looks like Vishala set up after setting up the team and fleeing her previous lab. She seems to have also vacated this locale after something blew up, big, there. He wants them to get down to the rural district of Elbert and check it out. Heat talks the pay up a decent amount, and they do another remote recon.

There is a bit of matrix activity in the immediate area, including a LoneStar presence, who seem to have closed off the long-shut ice rink building where the explosion took place, for further investigation. Otters confirms there is a small LS presence on site, it what looks like a dilapidated farm town, long collapsed for the most part, with a few small businesses and inhabited house clinging on. The team heads over, with Otters sneaking the van around to avoid being spotted by LS. Creep sneaks over the ice rink on foot, PPJ hangs back in the van to do some astral recon, and Aradia and Heat head into town on foot, with fake ID’s and fancy duds on, posing as interested investors.

Heat and PPJ confirm Dissonance and toxic magic, with Aradia jumping in to confirm PPJ’s findings- there is also an increasing mana ebb starting at a short distance out from the edge of the ice rink, and strengthening inward. Creep sneaks around the back of the building and starts picking one of the ancient padlocks there. Aradia and Heat chat up the lone worker at the dingy restaurant where they also find two of the cops hogging the coffee and pie. Conning them into believing that they are agents of the owners of various building in town, they insist on seeing the damage for themselves, and one of the cops begrudgingly agrees to take them on a drive through the damaged areas in his cruiser.

He points out the blast marks emitting from the doorway of the ice rink and explains that LS nailed up the plywood over it til they can get some proper arcana-investigators out here to figure out what’s going on in there. He then starts probing them on what building they own exactly, and they disastrously confirm that they are owners of the ice rink, amongst others. He locks the doors and seems thrilled that he’s got them detained, as the cops will now finally have someone to question! They’ve had no luck finding suspects, owners or anything else so far and he seems to think this will look great for him in his report that he managed to corral these two.

Heat protests as the cop starts calling back into base to report their SINs, and then squelches his signal, as well as to keep him from contacting the other LS cops and drones in the vicinity. The cop seems to recognize he’s being hacked, and tases Heat, injuring him, before Aradia casts an agony spell on the cop and Heat starts to draw his gun, at which point the cop tases Heat again, frying his armor. Otters and PPJ reposition with the van and some LOS, with flanking stealth drones, to provide support as needed. Aradia also gets a silence spell going as the cop turns on his sirens and starts racing towards his allies, seeking assistance. The drones start to follow the silent speeding car as the other cops take cover and draw their weapons, detecting that something is wrong.

Meanwhile, Creep has easily cracked the rusted padlock and gained access to the rink. It looks to be in a bad state of disrepair from decades of neglect, before the recent wreckage of the explosion. Creep spots a few toxic spirits milling about the rink in a circular motion, spiraling in towards the center, and trying to grab at something, but coming away empty-handed before spiraling further back out and then trying again. After watching their movements for a while, he thinks he gets a feel for their speed and patterns, and cautiously makes his approach towards the center, presumably helped by his low essence and Gnomish resistance to magic, though he gets a bad, skin-crawly feeling as he closes in.

Outside, Aradia has a bright idea and uses an illusion to make it look like some toxic magic is occurring that could be causing all the chaos in the cop car, which spooks the driver so much that he dives out at full speed. PPJ decides to make his moves as he can the other cops shouting that they will open fire if the car doesn’t stop, as Heat and Aradia duck and brace for impact. PPJ unleashes a targeted anti-gun acid spell, and melts all three of the cops’ weapons, which they frantically drop, not knowing that the limited spell can’t actually harm them. Distracted, they are then all bowled over and sent flying as the speeding car slams into the sideways cop car they were taking cover behind.

Otters uses this opportunity to open up on the half dozen support drones present, distracting them from Heat and Aradia, who, though injured, are managing to escape the wreck, with Aradia turning invisible. Between the Mules and the van, Otters easily accounts for the LS drones, which all seem to be running on local dog-brain mode and can’t deal with a skilled rigger and a massive amount of firepower. Heat debates frying the cops’ electronics to try to save his and Aradia’s SINs but as they may have already been reported decides flight is probably the better option, and he and Aradia head for the van.

Back inside, Creep has got close enough to the center to see that items there are fragments of about a dozen grenades, which look like the custom-fillable kind, all detonated. He cautiously approaches and grabs a few fragments, at which the spirits all turn to him and start to pursue. He flees, chucking the fragments as he goes. Seeing that the spirits chase the fragments, he dashes back to the center and grabs another handful of fragments, tucking a few into his leg compartment as he races for the exit, and throwing more off to the sides to distract the pursuing spirits. He manages to make good his escape, and starts sneaking back towards the van as well. Now they just need to exfiltrate from this super rural area without getting caught!!

Zero Factor
8/5/2024, 11:00:58 AM
Runners
Creep
Otters aka Roadkill
Pepper Jack
Aradia

The team goes to report to The Guide while Heat continues to seek info in order to have something with which to pay Prophetess for use of the Resonance Well at the Temple of the Ancient Way. Aradia passes along their intel and suspicious to TG and he says he will continue their investigation, looking around Denver for places where Dissonant and Toxic corruption overlap to see where Vishala may have moved her experiments to. Reminding them that he pays well, has a solid rep and has yet to betray them, he inquires if they’re open to further collaborations and Aradia says that they are, and he says he will be in touch when he has more info on next steps.

Arcane also gets in touch and says that while helping Aradia set up Order of the Garter works trips to the Seelie Court, he got a message from The Detective- they have uncovered some of the backstory of the Jewel of Memory! They also report that they are continuing some other investigations with the court detective Ashokasundari Rai for the time being and will keep in touch as able. For the JoM: it was apparently a gift to dragon kind from the Seelie Court, using 2nd World magic, early in the 4th World. Thisbe Sorrel seems to have been involved in the crafting of it, and it seems to have been made using knowledge from the Silver Books, back when they were all collected in one place as “The Seed”. It seems like it is also a hyper-powered artifact version of the ritual used to create the Coimeadai, as it literally holds memories, though Courtiers believe that living storage is better, as it keeps them “fresher”. TD speculates that mere mortal (or even immortal) minds also couldn’t handle the separation, access, and reabsorption of feelings and info on the scale of the JoM, with that ability perhaps limited to dragons.

The JoM also seems to be the origin of the Seelie Court’s “Moonlight Book” which one of the Queen’s courtly retinue uses to hold the history of the Court, recording the Morning Hearings and other happenings. This suggests that if the team is unable to get the JoM, they may be able to access the Book, if they can get ahold of it somehow, to use in the ritual to free Harly instead. TD also reports that there are some rumors of losses over time with stored memories, as if repeatedly splitting parts of your mind may have some costs that the Court hasn’t or doesn’t wish to acknowledge. Also, TD thinks the ritual was similar to the one used to split Harly from Gwyplaine (likely why Thisbe Sorrel said the JoM was necessary to rejoin them), and they believe others could use that same or a similar ritual (more powerful than the Coimeadai one) to effectively make themselves litches, creating living phylacteries that might perpetuate their existence. Worrying!

With that, they’re free to get to work on the next gig for The Collector. They call him up and set up a meet for that evening at the Mt. Olympus club downtown. They arrive and find that he has booked them a private room in the massive central mountain that takes up much of the club, as well as providing support for various tables, small dance floors and mini bars on it’s ledges. They head inside and find TC along with a woman they don’t know, who TC introduces as SIlk, saying that the two of them are working together on this gig. The team goes along, not sensing any danger or deception.

Silk mostly hangs back and watches as TC lays out the mission: the team will head into the Reflecting Pool, a strange crossing place between the Foundation and Resonance space, where they will be able to operatre somewhat normally, as opposed to the Foundation, though magic, drones, etc won’t really work. However TC says that it is intended as an investigative mission, and should not put them in any direct danger, partially due to the strange nature of the Reflecting Pool as a place. He offers a commesurate rate, and Aradia is unable to convince him to increase it, though he is very polite about the fact.

As they are preparing to leave, Silk says she has one more thing, and holds up a heavy decanter, telling them to throw it through a window she points to. With Creep’s encouragement, PPJ does, shattering the window and sending the decanter sailing out into the dance area beyond. Aradia detects that Silk seems to have made some judgement of them as a crew based on this but isn’t sure what, and Otters has to explain as they are exiting that this was a likely a lateral thinking test to see how they would respond- some may have refused, some may have opened the window, some may have asked questions, and that their team has likely been categorized as being useful for certain sorts of tasks based on their response.

Not liking the prospect of being pigeon-holed, the team decide to try to do a really good job in the hopes of showing that they contain multitudes, and call up Chiron, the contact they were given who will help them access the Reflecting Pool, and teach Heat some of his techniques to he can help watch over the rest of the team while they’re under. After getting a location to meet him, they set a time for the next day so they can rest. They head back to the safehouse and crash out. The next morning, they take a leisurely drive out to Front Range to meet Chiron, and find a somewhat paranoid Technomancer awaiting them in a rarely used public forest road parking area with good foliage cover.

He has a multi-van welded together custom RV, and explains that this location is a good spot for a variety of reasons he doesn’t go into, but which Aradia confirms include some astral cover from all the overgrowth in the area. However, there are another pair of higher tech RV’s parked across the small lot, emitting a lot of signals, that Chiron seems concerned about. He asks the team to figure out what’s up with them before they proceed. Otters initially proposes just moving, while PPJ wants to go straight to killing whoever is in the RV’s to get them out of the way, with the encouragement of Lone Wolf. Aradia suggests scaring them off with illusions to get them to relocate.

Creep sneaks up to take a listen, and hears some computer and tech sounds but no conversation, and Aradia and PPJ confirm that there are two people in each RV who seem pretty focused on whatever they are up to. Otters, after doing some signal mapping, figures they have upwards of a dozen drones under their control and a well-defended network, and decides to just try talking to them. She approaches, digitally, and says hello, wondering if they would mind moving on. Aradia jumps on the call to apply some intimidation as well. The riggers who respond, Pitch and Roll, push back a bit but seem very willing to ignore the team if the team leaves them be, claiming they are in the middle of a “drone race”.

Quickly figuring out that they’re doing some kind of smuggling run, the team instead suggests a deal- if Pitch and Roll bring any heat down on the area from the ZDF or others, they will warn the team so Chiron can move his RV, for which Otters offers a token sum. They agree, seemingly eager not to further antagonize Aradia, who has done a good job of spooking them, as well as it not really costing them anything since they already have drones and sensors up. At PPJ’s insistence, the team confirms that there is no metahuman trafficking going on, and once that’s settled they get back to biz.

Chiron turns out to be a bit of a conspiracy theorist/Lone Gunmen type, which Creep bonds with him over a bit. He explains to Heat who arrives late on his moto about how the process will work, and suggests the other team members get comfy on the various bean bag chairs, armchairs, or bunk bed scattered around the custom RV’s interior. They all take up places on (or under in Creep’s case) various objects, and Chiron tells them all they have to do is fall asleep, and the same to return. He starts a countdown, while using Heat’s strange new Silver Book abilities to keep the team all together and push them in.

They awake in what looks like their safehouse, though it seems like non-memorable spaces between more memorable or important points is compressed and vague. So hallways and floors and such take almost not time to traverse, but all the personally relevant signifiers are still there. They emerge from their rooms and find each other a bit altered- it seems like each of them has become somewhat more their “true self” in terms of how the others on the team perceive them. They also find that they are maybe just a bit better at their best skills and a bit worse at their worse ones, so whatever powers this place seems to effect them internally to. Otters also feels like her Software skills may come in useful in shaping or manipulating the reality around them.

Appearance-wise, Creep looks like a dead-eyed 90’s child star, with the kind of threatening stare that would likely lead to a lot of worried parent-teacher conferences. His face lacks a mouth, though a disturbing orifice gapes on the side of his leg, as Otters has always pictured his feeding port. Otters looks almost saint-like, surrounded by small animals, birds, and the like, though with a fixed rictus grin and a hollow interior- outwardly focused with little inside. PPJ has a strange combination of dress, wearing too small “IOND MagicScouts” uniform shorts on his adult body, while also appearing child-like and small while swimming in his overlarge ronin-mage poncho, while a Wolf tail springs from the back of his shorts. He also carries a blood crystal blade, which glows faintly and drips gore. He looks like a dangerous nerd.

Aradia seems the most put-together, as the others all appear to see her as the adult in the room, looking a bit older and more pro, but with a strong “witchy dominatrix” vibe. After taking a moment to kind of mentally deal with all of that, they step out the safehouse door and find themselves emerging into a drive in motel parking lot instead of the expected hallway. The van is there, though it also appears different- Otters mostly highlights the upgrades, while Creep has focused on the seating, and the mages have interpreted it more metaphorically, so it is a strange blend of all of those. They all spend a moment conferring and confirm that they do seem to share a perceptual reality, which it seems they are all contributing to.

Creep and Otters see a sort of caricature of Chiron waving to them from the motel office, so they go over and find him watching an old flatvid cassette about how dragons caused the Blackouts, but he gives them some tips of places around town they could start their investigation. They also have a few spots they think might be useful to take a gander at to get a feel for this odd place. First they head to the Aurora Warrens and the Jester’s Nest, the bar where much of Harlequin’s resistance to GW back in the day was organized. The drive is a little strange- it’s much quicker than expected, and populated mostly with what each of them seem to think of as the main landmarks between the Warrens and the Safehouse, and not much else.

On arriving, they find a large brawl spilling out of the bar, with a dozen or so people on each side as other patrons watch. As they look closer, they see some faces they recognize- some Chrome Domes, some of the Windsor Crew from Detroit, and some others, including some of Harlequin’s “Diamond Eye” gangers that PPJ recognizes from back in the day. Everyone present seems to bear grievous injuries related to how they died in “real life” but all seem to be alternating drinking and fighting. Aradia heads inside and converses with the bartender, who seems to be a representation of Gwynplaine, the mad clown, and who suggests it’s time for a new master in Denver, whatever chaos it may bring!

The brawl outside seems to be between different factions of anti-authoritarians, or to represent such as least. One side seems to want an alliance with some “new power” in town, whatever the cost, and the other side doesn’t want to swap one dictatorship for another. The sides don’t seem entirely analogous to where the individuals involved would necessarily have fallen irl, but the team gets a little more info talking to one of the Candyland Ghouls on the sidelines, whose neck is still leaking from an Order of St George arrow wound. The ghoul seems to be on the “maybe not worth it” side, confirming that he’s concerned what this “new factions” agenda may be.

Next they head to the Paradise Lost mall, once again finding the distance compressed to only “important” points in between, and find it populated by various former teammates and runners, who left the game one way or another- dead, captured or retired. Otters chats to a decapitated Eion Smash in the weapons store, though a talking dog with a brain jar on it’s back (Wat?) warns him to stay out of Eion’s reach and bite range. The stores also seem jumbled around and on top of each other and all odd sizes, as it the team’s collective memory can’t quite agree on which ones matter most and what order they are actually in. They see 3 Card working the bar, Butter wrenching on cars, Aleiron tending to a strip club, and Bubby running the magic shop.

PPJ, delighted to see his spirit friend again, tries to converse but once again finds that he seems to merely be a shallow reflection of the team’s knowledge and thoughts, with some additional info creeping in. Overall, some of the runners (especially Eion) seem excited about the prospect of more sales amidst more violence while other (Wat, Bubby) seem more worried about the consequences to the people of Denver, and also make note that GW has done some good for a lot of populations that are endangered elsewhere- Free Spirits and talking animals being amongst them. They all agree that his neo-feudal, neo-fascist supporters loudly proclaiming his divinity are not helping matters, but don’t trust this new faction in town, though some also view them as generally good for biz- more chaos equals more customers and more jobs.

They head next to the Hub ZDF precinct, having to leave the van and crawl through narrow opening in a massive fortified wall, apparently their feeling of the protected Hub border. They find patrols rushing out the doors, being destroyed by or destroying strange shadow forms, and then respawning inside the precinct house and doing it all again. The shadows seem to be coming from some corp towers not too far distant in the district. They head inside the precinct house, with no resistance or security trying to stop them, and find it populated by some other former contacts, team-mates and the like, including Smoach and Myrryr, Locke, ThinkTank and other investigative types, while various faces they recognize as cops, corpsec, and syndicate and ganger security all repeatedly rush to their deaths “on patrol”.

Conferring with the investigators, TT summons them all to a conference room, where they all slap down large piles of files in front of the team. They are combating this shadowy threat, but can barely keep up, and can’t keep it contained, so need to them to go to the corp offices and find out what’s going on. To help focus their investigation, they share some rumors that MCT got some kinda sweet deal when GW was rebuilding Denver, probably partially to further stick it to Lofwyr and SK when MCT took their top spot on the Corp Court/AAA ranking. They suggest starting there. The team also all see that the investigators have personal files on all the team members, though disappointingly they only seem to contain secrets the team members themselves know, not unknown things to themselves.

They head out again, aiming downtown for the corp core. Approaching the MCT office, they find it bristling with defenses physical, magical, and digital0 seemingly their mental representation of their fear of MCT’s famed “Zero Zones”. However, as with the precinct house, they once again just easily walk inside with no resistance. They see the personnel here all stick to the sides of corridors, walk with their heads down, and avoid eye contact while scurrying around carrying files and data cores and the like in some inscrutable dance. Some have strange devices screwed to their skulls, and all seem to have strange wispy shadows trailing them. As the team makes their way up the office tower, they realize that all the “employees” here seem to be TM’s that have gone missing- from Seattle, from Detroit, members of the 100 etc.

They see figures they know to have been associated with TM kidnapping and experimentation seemingly acting as managers, PAX, Danielle DeLaMar, Alice Lewis, and some Freedom Network members amongst them. As they ascend to the top floor where DeLaMar oversees the building through a literal glass ceiling, one of the workers briefly joins them in the elevator. PPJ recognizes him as an investigative reports, “AA”, who showed up at a baseball game in Boston and gave the team the original paper copy of the Null document that they have since shared around. He warns them that he heard people in tech department talking about a deal MCT made with the Null Sect, and says nothing good can come from this. He suggests they check out a literal back alley bar behind the office, and then exits, saying more loudly “wrong floor”.

They head to the back alley, and walk down it towards a sign with three glowing neon zeroes with slashes through them – a null set before noticing that the alley has closed behind them. Seeing various of the corp’s “employees” entering he bar with files, they follow, and find a dim, low-ceilinged interior, overhung with a choking dense smoke. They see the corp types dropping off their files at various scattered tables, before dissolving into the floor as the shadows at their backs joins the overhead haze. Around the bar, they see various entities they have associated with the Null Sect Freedom Network members, Blackout Boyz, and the like. As they listen to everyone inside engage in what sounds like inane banter, Aradia is reminded of their surveillance mission on the Auditor, and they are also surprised to see some of the mysterious baldies they’ve been investigating in Denver, as well as the the known TM-experimenter and (former?) MCT employee Bishek Tam, whose name had arisen during their first job in town, the investigation into the lab under the money cow meat processing plant.

They approach Tam, and the bar kind of morphs to put him behind the main bar instead of alone in a corner as they walk up. He welcomes them to Zero Factor, and offers them drinks with a sly wink. Aradia accepts and he summons down some shadow from the floating malaise, which Aradia manages to sleight of hand out of the shot glass without actually consuming, not sure what it would do. While this occurs, the rest of the team sees that whenever files are delivered, whoever they are given to does a frantically rapid series of calculations and notations before the files themselves sink into the tables and vanish. Aradia tries some different tactics- etiquette and intimidation both don’t work, with the Tam representation countering in kind- hinting at what the Null know of the team, and replaying past attacks against them in his eyes, as if reflected as he watches them irl.

Without anything to offer and not wanting to make a deal with the Null anyway, Aradia has a little think, and realizes conning will likely be the best way to get info- she has detected a little of the “real world naivete” that is common to AI’s and e-life forms in general, and since they seem to have scripts for responding to both banter and threats, some careful deception will be most likely to be successful. She embarks on this path, and finally starts getting somewhere. It seems like something called “Project IXION” is a joint venture involving the Null, the Freedom Network, and the Ordo Maximus (possibly though the Black Lodge) to make more realistic anthrodrones for the Null to be able to move about “meatspace” more undetectably. With some further inquiry, Aradia detects that Penelope Beans’ hyper-realistic drone form in Detroit was likely an early test of these realistic anthroforms.

She inquires if this means the Null can do magic, and manages to fish out that they have other allies for that, at which point Tam’s eyes betray the barest glance in the direction of the baldies. Aradia “buys” drinks for the house, and the team heads over to that table, with the table turning into a dim corner booth with non-specific anti-surveillance gear as they approach, seemingly their collective vibe for meeting an info source at a dive bar. They slide into the expanded booth, and begin conversing. Aradia quickly determines that this bar itself is some kind of Null construct inserted into the Reflecting Pool, whether by the Null or by the team’s knowledge of Null activities or both. However, it doesn’t seem like even with all the manatech flowing around town that the Null have figured out how to do magic (though Vishala’s corruption grenades are likely one of the payments MCT is offering them).

These figures seems to instead represent a third party, the magic power involved, and once again detecting a faint flick of the eyes during a conversation full of lies and elisions, Aradia notices them glance at PPJ and determines that the magic portion of this allied trio are from the plane of Dis, where PPJ spent some of his mysterious time away, and performed strange surgeries on others of “The Returned”, before escaping (or being let loose?) through Kadath. However, these seem to be representations of Disians, rather than Disians themselves, and Aradia repeatedly bumps against the limits of what the Null (or the team) actually know about them. She does however confirm that what MCT is getting from the deal is essentially the quantum computing-like capabilities of the Null, which MCT apparently needs to power the Disian’s “devices”. Knowing that the baldies have access to previously unseen magic, and that they are engaged in metahuman trafficking into Denver, the team is pretty worried about what this may mean…

Feeling they’ve got enough info for now, and noticing Null vines starting to grow through the floor and entwine their legs, they decide it’s time to exit, and beat a hasty retreat to the safehouse, finding themselves once again surprisingly unopposed, though they feel the Null were starting to rapidly catch on to their conning strategies towards the end of their convo. They have a brief confusing time before figuring out how to exit the trick alley that the bar is in, and then a quick walk and drive back to the safehouse, where they easily fall asleep (glad Heat isn’t along with his insomnia as Chiron told them they all needed to sleep at the same time), and awaken in Chiron’s van, still in the forested mountain parkland in Front Range. The smugglers have left with no trouble, seemingly, and it looks like they successfully got the paydata the Johnsons wanted, but what does this all mean for the future of Denver….

Revenge is a Dish Best Researched Extensively
7/29/2024, 9:59:42 PM
Runners
Creep
Otters aka Roadkill
Heat
Aradia

Pepperjack decides to spend some solo time working on new magical abilities. Creep stays behind to hang out in Roseanne and binge Party of 5 flatbeds. The rest of the team head south to Co. Springs to go to a hard-scrabble biker bar in the former CAS sector, where Heat’s show it taking place, another Ceol Productions showcase, though Johnny Silver is loathe to spill on who the surprise headliner is. Aradia makes contact with the mysterious “George” who was interested in The Order of the Garter, and invites him to meet her there. He seems a little archaic in his speech patterns but not overtly threatening.

Upon arrival, the team finds a mostly older crowd, a mix of go-ganger types and aging rockers, wearing a lot of vintage 50’s and 60’s era band merch. A few members of Glock .50 open, doing some solo and combined performances, with Heat up second. He plays his new Fae-inspired composition, but also reads the crowd and drops some old Shield Wall breakdowns in, for the many fans of the “classics” in attendance. He gets a burst of inspiration, and sees a small Data Sprite of Music trying to get his attention.

He finds himself newly able to focus on multiple things at once, and accepts a packet from the Music Sprite, and inserts it into his performance. It seems like the final component that pushes it over the edge into something sublime, and he as usual also has a chaotic visual feed accompanying him, showing sped up scenes of Seelie forests and the like. He is steaming from overclocking his cyberlimbs for his performance, and feels that he really got the crowd on his side, though due to his hyper-speed style, many seem surprised at the short set time.

He also catches a brief flash of a glowing neon outlined figure with wild flyaway hair in his visual feed, but no-one else seems to notice it, and he finds that it didn’t get recorded on his internals. He looks in the Resonance and sees that it seems somehow connected to the Music Sprite that showed up. Otters checks the RCC for any attempted intrusions but gives the all clear. Up last in the surprise event: a rare live appearance of the legendary guitarist Blitz (formerly of Blitzkrieg) accompanying Marli Bremerton, a notoriously reclusive Seattle-based synthwave composer, who wears a full body covering, and leaves the stage performance to her younger accompanist, who does a magical lights show along to the music.

This seems like what most of the old heads in the crowd came for, and people are amped. Heat talks to them after the show, and Althea, the younger mage, explains she is Marli’s niece/publicist/manager/caretaker, and that Marli doesn’t like to speak to “outsiders” but gives Heat a physical address in Seattle if he wants to mail them any demos, or any old hard copy media recordings he finds, as Marli is apparently a serious collector. Blitz also offers Heat some career help and mentorship, if he ever finds himself seeking a different style than Johnny Silver, though he admits he has less resources, he also has less people looking to kill him.

Meanwhile, Aradia has met up with George, who is dressed in a medieval/modern fashion hybrid, that looks manufactured and not homemade. They converse for a while, and Aradia quickly determines that he is a member of the Order of St. George, so treads cautiously. He does legitimately seem interested in her group, but is also pretty free, though quiet, in discussing his hatred of dragons and their persecution of metahumanity. He seems to believe that TOoTG could be a good way to get info and keep an eye on Denver without exposing themselves as dragon-hunters, and that TOoSG could act as additional security and assistance if TOoTG wishes to expand beyond Denver in the future.

Aradia says she will take the offer to the next group meeting, but says that regardless it’s good to have another friendly contact, since they both seem opposed to Ghostwalker’s workings here, even if their potential alliance goes no further. She takes her leave, and the group head back to the safehouse, with Heat reporting in on his strange visual sighting. No-one recognizes the description, and it didn’t seem like a threat so….. ?

They take the next few days off so Heat can Submerge again with the Nexus, gaining new TM powers, and Aradia can do another group initiation with TOoTG, gaining the ability to conceal her spells as well as her magic. She also discusses the offer of TOoSG, which most of the group rejects out of hand, not wanting to go against a dragon, especially since GW taking over Denver has been good for at least some of them, and ensured some consistency in legality, protection, enforcement, etc between all the sectors.

Alli also helps Aradia spread the word about the risk of Null infiltration of rental bots and bods, for those members who either themselves do or know someone who does that kind of work, or works in those environs. The group also seems excited about the possibility of setting up work trips to the Seelie Court, so Aradia proceeds with that, making a deal between Arcane on this end to open portals for pay, and Lord Blackbane on the other end to open the return portals to Arcane’s shop, in exchange for a cut of the profit in some form, as well as the ability to personally visit the material plane more easily. Boutrous the Boisterous will handle security for the bookings on the far end, which Blackbane and his manor staff will help TOoTG members manage logistically.

With that all done, the team gets back into looking into Vishala and her betrayal. They pay for some intel on JackPoint, and get a list of local MCT facilities, including subsidiaries, as well as some known employees at each location. Some of the spots seems pretty creepy, including one Zero Zone that only has armed drone transit in and out. They do locate Vishala’s old boss, who is in town as promised, working at MCT’s downtown local HQ tower. They decide to do a little more background work before approaching him, and check out some of the sites they had raided for Vishala, as well as the lab she had been running.

They find the lab closed, with for rent signs up. However, they do notice some similar astral and Dissonance contamination there as at the first site they raided for her, and also remember they stole a powerful summoning focus for her from the ZDF vault, and worry what she may have planned. They track down some of the former guards at the facility, who they remember worked through a temp agency. By searching MeFeeds and other public socials and job boards, they track a few of them down to a working class bar called Hardpan near an algae and other plant protein processing plant.

The smell of the place is something else, but they hold it together. Otters stays in the van, ready to intervene as needed, and Aradia disguises herself and Heat in more appropriate workwear getup, as Creep sneaks in and keeps an eye from a corner. Aradia and Heat approach the guards, playing at a “oh hey surprise seeing you here!” The guards seems to agree they are owed some drinks after the team’s escalation of the facility defense left a number of their former coworkers dead.

Heat and Aradia agree, and suggest they could make a larger donation to a funeral and survivors fund, as well as throwing in to help cover their current period of unemployment, in exchange for some info. After some skillful talking from both of them, and some hemming and hawing from the men, they agree. Aradia sets up a silence barrier, and Heat jams any comms in the booth. The mean relate what they know- they were kept on for a few months, Vishala was a hard charger but otherwise decent, and they were let go with little notice after helping move all the boxed up lab equipment out.

They say there were a half dozen scientists, who they never saw leave or arrive at the facility, but who were friendly enough, though their comm numbers no longer connect. They also say they were warned sometimes not to bring anything magical or anything high tech (on different days each) near the second floor sealed lab, as some sort of astral or matrix “corruption” might interfere. After a little more haggling, they agree to let Aradia do a surface mind probe to get good images of the 6 scientists, which Aradia also mentally shares with Heat. The guards also remember overhearing Vishala on a comm call seeking info on some secret project at MCT, though they didn’t hear the name.

Having paid well for the info and the guard’s silence, the team leaves, though Heat sets ups a safe word in case they ever end up on opposite ends of the same job down the line, which the guards seem to appreciate. The team heads out and decides to go after the MCT boss next. Aradia calls up Carol Staples in Chicago (Maggie Goldberg’s former assistant and successor there), and after assuring her that the team doesn’t have anything nefarious planned, gets a meeting set for the next day with Shinju Sho.

The team rests and then heads to the Hub for the meeting. Otters stays outside, in case MCT security recognizes her, since she doesn’t know how she really left things with them and has missing time as well as memories from that period. The rest head in, checking their weapons as they go through an intense sec scan. They go about 2/3rds up the 30 story building, to the floor where Sho has his office, atop the HermeTech subsidiary wing, which focusses on providing mundanes training to counter mages- teaching security guards to notice mental manipulation or astral forms passing through them or similar.

They sit down, and Aradia launches into an explanation of what they are seeking. Creep and Heat both notice that Sho’s desk is a bit too big and prestigious for his office, almost as if he has been demoted and brought his old furniture with him. Sho makes a big production of rejecting their request to share info on past employees or other internal matters, but turns his chair slightly to obscure view of him from the hallway and quickly scrawls a note, which he palms to Aradia as they shake hands as the team rises to exit.

Back outside, Aradia gets a text from an unregistered number, providing a nearby location and time, and reading the note, sees that it says “I am open to an exchange of information and will be in touch.” They head over to the cabaret bar in the text, and get a booth and wait for a bit with some drinks. After a short while, they see Sho walk in with 2 corpsec types bodyguarding, but he says something to them and they hang back by the entrance. He makes quick eyes at the team as he walks through the bar to the stairs to the second level.

They wait a moment, then subtly follow, to avoid attracting the guards attention. As they reach the second floor, they see a private elevator door closing, ascending to one of the rental units behind the face of the clock tower above. They follow when the elevator is available again, and enter to find Sho just sitting down in a nicely appointed loft, with two gun drones pointing at them. He smoothly apologizes for the precaution but makes not move to dismiss them. Heat takes the initiative and smoothly approaches the low table and sits across from Sho, pouring himself a drink. They enter into negotiation, with Sho proving quite canny. Heat tries some different approaches, but the only option Sho will take is the return of all project data recovered from Vishala and their research to MCT, and only to MCT.

Heat skillfully lies that this will be done, planning to work with the Guide later to choose what info to send back, and Sho seems to accept this. He shares his experience with Vishala- she was a skilled and manipulative corp climber, not cruel but very willing to throw anyone who got in her way under the bus. MCT has been unable to locate her since she fled their employ and then left the PCC, with their “metahuman resources” teams all turning up empty-handed. He suggests this means she is either still working under deep cover for either MCT or the PCC, or that she has found a new patron and protector.

He explains that she had been tasked with recreating some experiments AZT had undertaken at a leyline confluence in Antarctica to open stable metaplanar portals. Checking timelines, the team thinks this AZT facility must have been breached at some point, as the timeline also checks out with when ARES began many of their portal weapon experiments. Vishala seemed like she was on a good track, filing early promising reports, before her reports started turning to corpspeak and buzzwords with no actual data.

As she already had a rep for getting opponents demoted, no-one wanted to take Sho’s concerns seriously since she hadn’t crossed into behavior that would fully justify an investigation, but she must have sensed his suspicion, as she fled to the PCC, taking the project data with her. She also seems to have wiped her personal records, though he never knew her to have friends or family. The team infers that Sho was also punished for this, explaining his demotion, and nice but too large desk. This seems to be the crux of his willingness to negotiate with them.

Heat tries to push him for more but Sho says the deal was the deal, and suggests they leave. He and Heat stare each other down while they finish their drinks and then the team leaves, with Sho giving them a hard stare but saying no more. With this, they think they’ve probably got enough to satisfy the Guide, and they don’t feel ready for a Foundation dive against MCT or the PCC, even with Heat’s new TM abilities to bring the team along more efficiently. But Heat wants to try one more thing, and calls up Prophetess at the GW TM “cult” The Followers of the Ancient Way.

She is excited to hear from him and asks if he is ready to join, but he demurs, saying he wishes to sample their Temple’s Resonance Well first. She agrees, after he offers to pay them with a secret from the Deep Resonance. He once again gets blindfolded and transported to the site in a jammed drone. He enters the Well smoothly and easily, and through a test of strength of Ego manages to overcome the Event Horizon, and travel forth into the Deep Resonance. It seems more composed of vibes and energy than the visual representations he is familiar with from the astral plane, and he summons a data sprite to help him navigate.

They spend some time searching but eventually locate the Endless Archive, and enter the endless halls and stacks and shelves of that place- a record of everything ever made digital, supposedly. Heat approaches one of the Sprites tending the place, but doesn’t understand the local customs, so has to fumble through an exchange with his Sprite translating. He eventually makes a satisfactory offering of previously offline info (everything the team learned about GW in the Seelie Court), and the librarian Sprite heads off to seek what he requested: anything they have on Vishala.

While they wait, Heat witnesses a fairly terrifying attack from Null Sect vines on the doors of the library, though they hold, for now. The Sprite eventually returns with two documents- one explains the work she was doing at MCT, though not why, and the other some of what she’s been up to since. It seems she pivoted secretly from opening large portals to opening multiple micro-portals at once, allowing mana transfer without full access. She also began attempting to replicate this in the matrix, seemingly recognizing some of the dualities present, opening micro-burst Dissonance connections inside of Hosts and the like to see what would happen.

It seems she decided to go freelance with these innovations, and has since arriving in Denver expanded her experiments into weaponizing these technologies, aiming to make mana corruption grenades and matrix corruption programs that would be easy to use, and quite valuable. It seems she has been selling some of her breakthroughs back to MCT, but is not officially working for them, and also does indeed have a new backer, though the documents do not state who.

Heat returns, and the team speculates who the backer could be, ruling out GW, who would be unlikely to want to pollute astral space, given all of his restorative work. With no other obvious answers in sight or places to search, they plan to share this info with the Guide, close out the job, and hope he can use it to figure out their next steps.

Back in the FRFZ
7/22/2024, 12:52:43 PM
Runners
Creep
Otters aka Roadkill
Pepper Jack
Heat
Aradia

The Detective announces that they’re going to take Rai up on her offer for a bit, and continue investigating Court mysteries, and offers to look into any research the team needs done on the side, if they can stay in touch. They agree TD will begin looking into the history of the Jewel of Memory, the draconic artifact that they need to borrow from Celedyr, for now, and say their goodbyes. As they begin looking for Niall O’Connor to make their exit, PPJ decides that he should look into Drifting Peter a little first, following up on the Shadow Tourmaline note, but gets a sudden feeling (from his crystal?) that actually, he shouldn’t. He retracts his request to the team, which makes some of them a little suspicious, but everyone kinda wants to leave so noone pushes it.

Until they decide they should check in with Old Crow about Black Lodge activity, just in case. They meet, and head to the Labyrinth, where he takes them down a winding path that Otters has trouble tracking to a chamber that he says should be safe for convo. They start off by tipping him off to Kostas, and he says he’ll look into it further. He also briefs them on some strange new mana crystals that are starting to circulate at Court, as well as a sort of magical Coimeadai, known as a “mana well”, which is some sort of living mana battery. He seems worried about this, and warns the team that the BL may be working at the Court through “familiars”- beings either willingly or not under the BL’s sway, in exchange for arcance power, financial reward, or blackmail/extortion.

He says that these familiars, seemingly a concept taken from the BL’s interactions with the Ordo Maximus, allow them to operate more freely in areas where human supremacist mages and their direct employees would be too suspicious, and that there an unfortunate number of individuals willing to take them up on their offered trade of power for a lack of ethics. The team gets a bit worried and under OC’s instruction they run some experiments on PPJ with Aradia observing in astral space. PPJ tries to speak about his crystal, and finds that his magic tongue fills his mouth and prevents it, and then casts a spell, and tries to pull extra mana.

Aradia sees that it seems like the crystal sort of disconnects a portion of PPJ’s aura as she watches, and see him lose access to his magical tongue, hands, and a portion of his overall power. His spell comes out weaker than intended and he’s a bit stressed about what this all means. With everyone’s agreement, PPJ and Creep go stand on one side of the room, to remain in sight, while Aradia creates a magical sound barrier between them. OC tells them he will leave it up to the team how they want to handle this but that he would be pretty worried about whatever info PPJ may be passing along to whatever power grants the crystal it’s abilities, and since PPJ has reaffirmed he is not willing to give up magical power to remove it, this is a bit of a dilemma.

OC fills them in on his speculations about the BL’s interest in Hansu’s Prophecies 1 and 2, and what he thinks they mean. He believes that the BL has interpreted them as a guide on how to dump a bunch of mana from the Seelie Court into the material plane- the exact type of scenario that the conservatives at Court fearmonger about. OC isn’t sure this is possible or true, but believes the BL is seeking to enact this and to control the power flux that results. However, he also believes that this influx could be disastrous, as raising the mana level suddenly like that could rapidly accelerate the coming of the Scourge and the Blood Eclipse.

He tips them off to the ID of the “missing prisoner” from Prophecy 1, who he got tipped off to by some Rogue Lodge informants, but says he doesn’t know where she is, and could use the team’s help finding her- she may be the key to resolving the whole thing. They agree to assist, and he also warns them that the BL may well be behind PPJ’s mystery crystal, since they were behind his crystal spine for sure. PPJ recalls that the Tan Robes used another crystal spine to attune to his and listen in when he was kidnapped into Temple of Terror on the Crystalline Entity island in Boston, and doesn’t know what this means.

He winks at Creep while quietly offering “anything” in return for his magical power returning, and is disturbed when he feels a voice inside him ask “ANYTHING?”. He responds by thinking “within reason”, and then hears an animal yelp of pain followed by an enraged growl, and finds himself being guided a little more towards anger and violence by Wolf as his power returns. But what does it mean…. The team have a heated discussion, with PPJ explaining further how he thinks the crystal works- it seems to only know what it actively observes and doesn’t seem to always be observing, and seems to need to request deeper access (to memories, actions, etc). But he does warn them that something weird happened with Wolf, which disturbs OC, as Wolf has been generally becoming more pack-oriented and calmer over time,

Heat starts a quick vote of whether they should kill PPJ as a liability, but includes a “maybe” option. PPJ obviously votes no, with Creep and Otters on maybe, and Heat on yes with Aradia undecided so Heat says “no hard feelings” and suggests they move on. PPJ reminds everyone that Heat is a liability with his Horizon ties, and Aradia sends a private message to Otters and Creep asking if the three of them should just split off, before remembering that Creep is a strong breeze away from death at any moment and Otters has her own strange liabilities. They all decide to keep working together to strengthen their bonds again.

They take their leave from OC and the Labyrinth, and meet up with Niall to travel out. He once again takes them out through the Passage Graves under the castle, and they walk a surprisingly smooth half day’s journey through the Broceliande woods, noticing various things slightly off their path though nothing interferes with them. Aradia examines a magical ring that Niall wears, and see that is a powerful item focussed on truth and travel, which may explain the ease of their journey.

He explains that they are headed to one of the castles of the Wild Fae, who are acting as a safe middle ground for a meeting with the Unseelie, as they won’t fully trust the team given their affiliation with a Court faction. They eventually reach a small fae village, overlooking a lake with ruined castle on an island in the middle. Creep takes a close look and jumps in the water, and figures out there’s a big illusion going on. Niall says he better take the lead, and guides them all down a ramp to the upside down reflection of an intact castle in the “water”, which thought illusory, seems capable of drowning them if they lose their hold.

Luckily they all manage to make it down with his guidance, and are ushered into the castle by a gatekeeper with a halberd. Niall takes them through, and they see that although the castle is attended, it seems somewhat underoccuppied at the moment. They reach their assigned meeting chamber and Otters and a few others have to keep their eyes closed or avoid all windows and portals, as they see both upside down fish and rightside up clouds outside. Aina Dupree, the Unseelie’s newish Guide waits inside. They begin the meeting by updating her on Harlequin’s status, and showing off how much they’ve figured out, earning her grudging respect, and a thanks to Niall for not wasting her time.

After explaining their plan and it’s problems, she says she should be able to manage Gwynplaine, but that and sneaking into the Castle may be the limits of her abilities to directly assist. She wishes them luck with Celedyr, who she doesn’t seem to think highly of, and tells them to stay in touch. She asks if any of them would have a boon of her for their service, and after confirming that PPJ can’t keep his full power while removing the crystal or blocking it in some way, they can’t really think of any other good ones, so they chat a bit about the Cornerstone, with Aradia fascinated to hear that it seems that possibly both Castle and Cornerstone have had a sort of magical bootstrapping to sapience, similar to an AI, after it was imbued with so much strange magic.

Aina shares what else she knows about it’s uses and abilities and they agree to stay in touch. Lacking any other pressing needs, Otters asks for a spell to make her a bit better at rigging, which Aina quickens to make it semi-permanent. They take their leave, and after a short debate, decide to return to Denver to report in on their progress thus far, and then return to the Mile High Realm later to do the second portion of their investigation there. Niall confirms their destination, and it seems like they will actually be returning to the same mountainous Wild Fae community that most of the departed from, in Castle Rock.

Niall makes a portal easily, and confirms that this is not a thing Aradia can learn, at least not without spirit assistance or a great ritual, which makes Creep and the others wonder how exactly Arcane manages it with such ease, and what this implies about who or what he is. Regardless, they step through the portal and find the same villagers they left the van with, awaiting payment and in a hurry to get the team out of there and on their way. Heat tries to charm them with one of his new sampled production from the Court, but they seem to dislike Courtly music, and also don’t seem to sell any souvenirs or knick-knacks, so the team gets on the road.

They are relieved that it seems the Shadow Cloaks worked and outside of some time distortion from the astral travel they seem to have been gone about as long as they thought, around a week. Their cloaks do seem to have degraded from the use though, with some crumbling entirely. Otters and Heat are thrilled to be back onto the matrix, and dive in. They get some assorted news updates, the most locally pressing of is that Perri discovered that the Null Sect seem to have infiltrated a Spinrad bot rental service that lets people telecommute to important meetings in Denver, suggesting that there may be some more embodied Null around.

Heat makes a few calls, checking in first with Johnny Silver about the state of the Shadow Chapters locally. JS explains that though the rep came down from Seattle as promised, there’s another ShadChaps rep in from Boston, who seems more “traditional” but is a slick talker. Heat asks how to be involved and JS tells him it would be best for him to actually stay out of it, due to his Horizon ties having been exposed in the infighting. Heat happily agrees, and asks JS if he can get on a show coming up, and JS offers him a slot that night, which Heat accepts, frantically starting to try to figure out some compositions from his various samples and notes from the Court.

He also calls Perri, and they set a digital meet to debrief, in one of the Nexus’ secure rooms. The team enters, and gives Perri the whole Ghostwalker debrief, including their latest intel that he is thought to possess a Silver Book, according to Aina. Perri shares that she has heard tell of certain powerful ancient individuals who had the ability to awaken sapience and/or magical ability in their chosen ones, and wonders if GW has either figured out how to or is promising to do the same for TM abilities, which could help explain his rapidly growing cult. She thanks them for the info, and sends Heat a data package with an updated Hitchhiker program that she and Cloudmaster/the Collector decrypted from their Silver Book.

She explains that this will allow non-matrix-y teammates to use a mental projection of their real like skills and abilities on Foundation dives, so long as Heat runs it all through his simulated cyberdeck. This is exciting news, as it will make the other team members a lot more useful on those missions, should they come across the need, and is a major breakthrough. She tells them they’ll need a lot of processing power to make it all work, but the Nexus is happy to provide in exchange for reports back on results. The team agrees, and heads back to the safehouse after getting the all clear from Cat, who has swept the building and unit thoroughly in their absence, after the corp hit squad gained access to their neighbor.

Heat decides to stay in and work on compositions, while the rest of the team calls Niki the Gardener back, who had left them a somewhat frantic message. They determine that she is just stressed about her rep (As well as the attempt on her life) after Vishala’s betrayal, and forgive her, this once, which she is thrilled to hear. She updated Otters on her investigation into ANIMUS, which has brought her to a burned-down lab and some strange rumors in the Lisbon sprawl outskirts, and says she’ll keep digging. For now, she tells them the The Guide reached out, hoping they were available for some work and some revenge.

They accept, and call the Guide back directly, setting up a meeting at a spot of his choosing in Broomfield after some initial scouting confirms it looks safe. They head there and have a thankfully straight-forward and threat-free meet, accepting a job to look into what Vishala was really up to, on the path to tracking her down for some appropriate revenge. They call Niki back, and she gives them the little additional intel she has: Vishala used to work for the PCC, and MCT before that, and there may be some bad blood there. Otherwise, she is what she seems- a put together femme fatale type with limited implants and no known magic or TM abilities.

They next call up the Collector, and set up another meeting at the Nexus (where he goes by Cloudmaster) in a secure room. After confirming that they are after Vishala for intel first and revenge second, and are willing to share some of that intel with him, and will do a job for him next, he shares his info. Vishala fled MCT to the PCC, claiming she needed protection from her former employers, but bringing some valuable skills and data with her, or so his former superiors in PCC intelligence thought. He worked adjacently to her but never directly with her, and was meant to be one of her points of contact in Denver, but she dropped off the grid and slipped her handlers almost as soon as she arrived.

This was meant to be her first foreign assignment after she spent a while proving herself, and as a metaplanar phenomena expert she was tasked with investigating all the rift/rip/portal weirdness going on in Denver. The Collector is very interested to hear what exactly she uncovered, if the team should find out, and why she went rogue/where her true loyalties lie. He passes a long the name of her former supervisor at MCT, if they need further leads, and wishes them luck. With this info, they ruminate a while on what they know of her and what next best steps will be based on the experiments that had seen her interested in.

But with Heat having a show coming up tonight, they decide to party and chill, with Creep choosing to stay in his Roseanne bot and watch trids while the rest attend.

Just One More Thing...
7/15/2024, 1:38:55 PM
Runners
Creep
The Detective
Otters aka Roadkill
Pepper Jack
Heat
Aradia

The team links back up, with PPJ having relaxed in his downtime, and TD having met with Rai, the Court detective, and learned about the Nightwatch Phantom, as well as agreeing to collab further on an investigation into the Ghost Breeder’s mysterious husks. Everyone’s feeling just about ready to leave, but unclear where to go next- Mile High Realm, back to Denver, or off further on more metaplanar quests? For now they decide to tie up loose ends around the Castle and plan to leave the following day after the Morning Hearing.

Creep, bored of libraries, declares his intentions to chill today, and stays in their Magician quarters in the form of a chair, watching flatvids. Heat and Aradia head off to track down Samantha Roth, and find her in the corp office area, where they pass along Null/Geocache info in exchange for getting a one-time use commcode to contact Celedyr when they are back on Earth, in order to arrange for use of the Jewel of Memory in freeing Harelquin. She warns them that he will require something of them in return. They also arrange to involve her in their plan to prevent further Null presence at Court, if it works out.

They next head out the castle’s gates to seek Warden Banleigh Swale, the groundskeeper, and track him down after following the sounds of screaming. Unfortunately, Aradia doesn’t dodge his warning quickly enough and is paralyzed by a Mandrake’s cry. Heat dives out of the way and is summoned back as the screaming cuts off, to find Swale removing large earmuffs and tutting disapprovingly at Aradia’s state. Aradia, a little freaked out, decided to astrally project, and does so, appearing almost as if manifesting next to her body. However, she seems to be able to move around, though not at the usual speeds, and can communicate but only use astral spells- strange….

Heat manages to eventually convince the cantankerous Swale to check out the Null vine problem, and then hauls Aradia’s body back into the castle alongside him, planning to hit up Magician’s alchemists for a cure. Aradia remains in astral form, floating alongside them. They track down a page while seeking the alchemist, and message Roth to meet them at Geocache. With Aradia restored, they all meet at the strange chamber, and Swale is initially quite put off by it’s oddities. Heat also sees another Crow observing their activities here. After Swale says he needs to see the problem to assess it, Heat cracks open the NN Star again, revealing the Null vines bursting forth to grasp them.

He quickly slams it shut again, but sees that Swale has summoned a large glowing magical weapon in shock. He agrees this is an issue, and starts putting up ornately embroidered “caution tape” around it, struggling a bit at where to pound stakes into the green and black wireframe grid. Heat tries to convince Swale to be more aggressive with it, but Roth takes Swale’s side, ingratiating herself, on containment being the best option for now. This seems to serve their general interest in allying with Roth, so Heat lets it go and they call it a win overall. They start heading back towards the safehouse to make evening plans.

Meanwhile, Aradia, Otters and TD have begun their investigation into the Nightwatch Phantom, seeking the Castle roof and finding it without much trouble. A rusting pile of armor and shields sits next to a narrow stair that emerges through a hatch onto a mostly flat roof, with some pitches, domes, skylights, etc.A thick fog also coats the roof and moves without wind, blocking views further than a few meters in any direction for long. They strategize a bit and begin discussing the NP out loud, which seems to summon it- they have found the area of it’s Haunt!

They all hear thudding steps moving towards them, but seemingly approaching from different directions as they close in. Otters hears a large sword scraping across stone, and turns just in time to fire a full auto burst with the drone before it is sliced in half by the sword. The NP seems to almost ignore the damage, it’s flame-blackened armor emitting occasional flickers as if it burns from within and the impression of a melted face that Otters can’t quite retain. The NP swings again, and forces TD to dive back in defense. TD tries to explain that they are trying to help, assuming the NP doesn’t want to continue haunting, but comes under attack again, as does PPJ as he assenses it, and tries to haul Otters’ bod to safety.

Luckily PPJ’s armor soaks the heavy hit he receives, and they all manage to dive down another nearby hatch, PPJ having seen a thin astral trail leading that way- maybe the Ghost Chain for the NP? They find themselves adjacent to another pile of rusted armor, which Otters stares at, paralyzed with fear. She notices that though the components are piled haphazardly and poorly maintained, some of them could be reassembled into a suit resembling the NP. She starts making specs to do so as PPJ fumbles about trying to help. They all take cover in the armor pile as the NP reappears, blocking their exit, but seems not willing to further damage the armor.

TD proves much more adept at reassembly, and also starts polishing and lubing it up, with Otters joining in once her fear clears up a bit. Once they armor is put back together, some of the dings and dents pounded out, and it polished and lubricated as best they can, TD offers up the possible resolution to the NP, who gives a cross forehead sword salute and then vanishes. Examining the armor, PPJ can tell the NP is inside, though it seems a bit diminished in some way, but also less aggro. TD explains that they wish to continue to help, and PPJ does a Death Replay spell, gaining some insight into the NP’s living predecessor’s final moments- immolated in his armor by a Thorn Elf of Alachia’s faction, seemingly during an Unseelie attack on the Castle in the Era of the Corpse Lily.

With this, and TD managing to figure out a simple yes/no language to communicate in, they manage to convey that they are also opposed to Alachia and working against her goals, and the NP offers them some protection and then vanishes, armor and all. Creep is startled as a large armored figure appears, facing outward, guarding the door of their quarters in Magician’s dorms. He considers shooting it but it seems to be ignoring him, so he just levels his gun at it and waits. The others arrive shortly thereafter, with Aradia and Heat showing up first, and very surprised by the waiting knight. After the remaining 3 report in to Rai, they also return and explain.

Chloe Glowworm also messages them to the direct them to their new more permanent quarters, now that they have officially allied with Magician- a Courtsman’s Suite, with an individual room for each members, a small kitchenette, and a lounge area with fireplace. The NP once again disappears and reappears just inside the door to this suite as they arrive, and confirms it will guard the portal from unwanted guests. The team agrees to keep sensitive discussions on comms in the quarters, jic, and also to try to dodge the inevitable Magician surveillance they expect. They manage to track down an event for the night, a wine and poetry evening that Boutrous the Boisterous invited Aradia too, when they were conversing about the Order of the Garter.

Arriving, with Creep in tow, they find Deigh Hall, a somber and somewhat classicist chamber seemingly built to subtly mock the current Queen as herself being a bit out of date, if classy. Heat is bored stiff by the event, and struggles to conceal this fact and entertain himself. Creep greatly impresses the gathering with a poem he composed about Alachia in an ancient Croki style, which given the hall they are in, some present seem to take as mockery rather than the flirtation Creep intended, but it goes over well. Otters manages to deliver a satisfactory ode to her recently destroyed drone, and the team manages to prevent any dueling or other fallout in response to Boutrous’ legendarily bad “poems”.

With that having refreshed them all a bit (the wine and snacks were high quality, of course), they return to their Suite and all rest well, even the agitated Heat. They are a little disturbed to see what looks like a mopped up bloodstain just outside their door, and TD confers with the NP and finds that there was an attempted intruder, who took a heavy blow for their trouble but survived and fled. They head to the Morning Hearing, and see that the tapestries all seem to be telling parts of the tale of the NP, including a murder he was framed for, which the team knows was the work of the runners Sanquals Love and Chessick.

A few petitioners come before the Queen, some astral religious pilgrim seek permission to cross Fae lands while seeking entrance to Kadath- they believe they know a secret way through to a “city of eternal light” but the team senses something a bit off and sends a message mentioning this to Magician. A spirit named Kostas (who PPJ thinks might have a Black Lodge connection from back in the day in Boston) gets up on Magician’s behalf and reports the suspicion, and Chambray Cliff and some others quickly jump on it, wary of intruders, and an internal group within the pilgrims admit to being a separate sect travelling alongside them.

They ID themselves as “the Brotherhood of the Key”, and say they seek to commune something called “the Gatekeeper”. The Court seems concerned, but a member of Threshold appears unexpectedly, and offers patronage to the 3 BotK members, which they accept. They rest of the pilgrims are offered passage through the lands and suggested to hurry along and not to attempt to recruit others on their journey, as Cliff and others courtiers suggest they will surely all perish, or worse ending up beyond Kadath as further fodder for the Horrors.

An emissary of the Wild Hunt arrives and offers forth a bounty for Crawlers and other lesser Horrors that have begun to appear in the fae wilds and the Astral Sea, as well the favor of Chalcis, the Wild Hunt’s leader, to those hunters who are successful. Some of the team is pretty interested, but they try to stay on track. Lastly, the Queen announces the imposition of “the Rite of Root and Vine” on a courtier caught trying to break into a Courtsman’s Suite, and the team recognizes one of the other people who was questioned by Cliff about their involvement in the Shadow faction- why were they trying to access the team’s chambers?

They are a bit horrified to see Alachia perform the Rite, which seems to grow a thorny collar just under the skin of the courtier, the tightness of which Alachia seems able to control with a ring. The Magister explains that the courtier is banned from fae lands on pain of excruciating death by thorn suffocation, and without further ado the courtier is tossed through a summoned portal to parts unknown. Heat then jumps in line, to deliver a warning about the dangers of the Null, and does get some accolades for his presentation, but realizes he probably actually gave some useful ammo to the isolationists, who want less matrix here, not more.

Through the hearing, Alachia has been sitting on a large couch she appears to have dressed Harlequin up as, seemingly as a return slight to the poem Creep read the previous night, and Creep sees various courtiers subtly ditching elements of furniture fashion as it rapidly goes out of style. He laughs at Alachia as the Hearing finishes, but she ignores him. However, he knows he got to her, and finds the bizarre power play intriguing. With that out the way, the team updates Rai further about the NP, lets some folks know they’ll be leaving for a bit (including PPJ alerting Cliff that any lone PPJ’s he sees soon are infiltrators, which a gets a surprised nod in response), and TD stocking up on cleaning and repair supplies from some of the shops by Gilik’s.

They let Foggy know they’ll be gone a while, and she offers to let them update the Eclipse astronomer Al’Farabi about what their former teammates found on the Moon with Foggy. They agree, and head there quickly to do that before leaving, and Al’Farabi is quite interested to hear it all. She takes a mana photo of them as a thank you, to hang in their suite, and everyone is a little disturbed that it clearly shows that PPJ’s magical tongue and hands are connected to the strange crystal fused to his spine that seems to give him both occasional power and occasional direction. They discuss a bit but make not decisions for now.

Finally Patronized
7/8/2024, 7:12:35 PM
Runners
Creep
Otters aka Roadkill
Heat
Aradia

The Detective splits off from the team to meet with some investigators around the Court, and Pepperjack sticks with them to make sure noone travels alone. Everyone else, lacking other plans, seeks out a dinner audience with Niall O’Connor, who meets them at Gilik’s in a private booth on the second floor. They banter a bit until the team requests a more transparent communication style to which Niall, a gifted traveller, agrees. They make a plan for Niall to put them in touch with Aina Dupree, the Eiolai/Guide of the Unseelie Court (and Halequin’s lover) once they have figured out some more about how to rescue him. In exchange, they give Niall a thorough debrief on what Aradia and TD saw in the Pendulum room, and he explains that there are some members of the Unseelie seeking alliances at Court for various purposes, and that this may have been such a meeting.

He also explains that some amongst the Unseelie seek darker allies- Horrors and the like, as the Courts were spared the full effects of the Scourge last time around, they seem to think this could permanently shift the balance. He explains that the Unseelie contain just as many factions and opinions as the Seelie Court, but tend to operate more in secret and are not as organized around a space. Regardless, he thinks that helping to free Harly and making a staunch ally of Aina in the process will be good for helping the more stable factions within the Unseelie to prevail, and not launching into a new period of dangerous chaos for the Courts. As Niall seems to support this overall endgoal (a more unified Unseelie under Aina) he also offers to help transport the team to a plane of their choosing when they are ready.

Aradia and Creep head off to seek the Pendulum room again, to try to get more intel for Niall. They eventually find it, but it is unoccupied. They start their own dance, with Creep in the lead, set to the rhythm of the swing of the chamber, and gradually find that they can almost feel more than hear the beat and some sense of music. Another couple headed home from a ball somewhere else joins them for a time, but noone else comes along, so they head back toward’s Magician’s dorms, but are disturbed to discover an exploded body in a narrow stair as they make their way through the Castle. Creep does some analysis, and they determine that the scraps of uniform remaining are from a dungeon guard, and Aradia is able to tell that this is definitely the Blood Shade they last fought on Carcean.

Apparently, it did indeed escape that place in the other PPJ bod that got left behind, then seems to have escaped the dungeon (as they heard whispers of) by at some point ditching that bod and swapping into a dungeon guard, and now has shed that shell, and taken up some other visage. Unless it has decided to roam free as a visible Blood spirit, but Aradia thinks this is unlikely based on the astral cleansing and high level Masking at play that keep her from finding a trail. They head back to the dorms for now, watching their backs.

The rest of the team decides to call it an early night, after making a plan for the Morning Hearing, and checks in to their Magician dorm, courtesy of Chloe Glowworm. When they all wake up the next day, she offers them longer term patronage for some ongoing cross-planar work for the faction, and they accept, ignoring the absent PPJ’s feelings and wishes on the subject. Chloe explains that their leader, Secundus, is seeking the Philosopher’s Stone, and Otters and Creep almost lose their cool at being tasked with another impossible job, til Chloe manages to get a word in edgewise and explain.

She says that they are seeking alchemists and other practitioners from Earth (or other metaplanes) with similar interests to Magician, to expand their talent pool. The team agrees, and from the file is able to recommend Squeamish from Seattle, who seems to have a similar interest in immortality. Creep’s interest is also mildly piqued that a Fae (who are maybe immortal?) would need a second option, maybe something to look into. Heat writes up a flattering introduction for Magician to send to Squeamish, and as they finally have a patron, their gear is accessible. Otters instantly unpacks her progressively more horrifying drone, and dives in. It feels good, and the drone seems to be working normally despite it’s appearance, but the lack of external matrix and freeware/OSI sensor data is a bit off-putting.

They head to the Morning Hearing and notice that the mosaics and tapestries now show a series of people exploding from Blood Shade inhabitation- recognizable to those in the know as Teeth, Aleiron, and the as yet unnamed guard. The images are sketchy enough to not be instantly id’able to someone who doesn’t know the tale, so the team decides to take advantage of their information exclusivity as a distraction, with Aradia sending a series of notes out before the Hearing properly begins. She requests a meeting with Foggy (accepted, over a light luncheon), tries to message Warden Banleigh Swale, the groundskeeper, to see if he can help with the Null Sect problem (rejected- it flits to the open door and then crashes to the ground- it seems like Swale is not present and the messages can’t leave the Great Hall), and lastly to Alachia.

This is arguably the most important message, and not wanting to cause a scene, Aradia allows the dropped message to Swale to be lost in the milling crowd of Courtiers, and presumably picked up by someone. The message to Alachia tells of the exploded guard’s location and the Blood Shade connection, and while she is distracted reading that, Otters hotrigs the dog drone to go over and start just suspiciously loitering and bumping into the tie downs on the tarp over the Shadow Tourmaline, trying to distract the Crows scattered around Court doing matrix security.

With this all seeming to work, Heat takes the opportunity to take a look around, hiding in the matrix to observe the flow of Resonant energy from Alachia’s collection of Pâ tokens to various coimeadai around the Court. He manages to elude detection, and spot 12 connected signals. He points them out to Creep, who takes over, doing careful observation of their various dense but interlinked tattoos throughout the rest of the Morning Hearing, eventually id-ing a single set of 3 amongst them, which the team gets good images of. These are likely to be the 3 that they were told Harlequin’s mind was split between, and with Niall having explained that they have multiple options for how to access the memories (basically getting a legit link to Alachia’s network, hacking it, or destroying the coimeadai themsevles) they feel like this is enough of a plan for now, as they need the Jewel of Memory and a specific plan for how to deal with Gwynplaine before they are fully ready.

There are some interesting supplicants at the Morning Hearing as well- a freelance sandship captain who roams the astral sea puts out a request for a book from the Library of Leng, on Id, to be delivered to the Violet Gas, way out on the edge of the astral sea. Serania, the Ancient One, the head of Eclipse, has sent her emissary Catondarez to offer support to Montage in his quest to find the metaplanar crossing he had sought assistance discovering, and also to offer rewards for any other new metaplanar discoveries. The team makes note for the future.

Some Catholic Sacred Detectives (consecrated investigators who cannot return from their pilgrimages until their assigned mystery is resolved) request help investigating a multi-planar serial killer they are calling “the Ghost Breeder”, who leaves empty, essence-less, but dangerous husks behind as all that remain of it’s victims. This is rejected by the Queen, who reminds the Catholics that they are not welcome at Court (in response to which Otters sees two Courtiers wearing “Blackheart Security” corp insignia looking pleased) due to the Church’s meddling in the “rightful Fae rulership of Tir na nOg”. She thanks them for their warning of this potential danger but her Champion confirms no sign of activity has been detected at Court, and now that they have been made aware, the Sacred Detectives are sent on their way. Some of the team notice that Ashokasundari Rai, the classic detective-styled courtier, seems interested.

More disturbingly, some insect spirits who refer to themselves as “free” request sanctuary, or at least a place to rest. They explain that sometimes high level servitors will gain some level of sentience upon the death of their Queen, and offer their services to the Court for a safe place to stay, as they do not wish to be subsumed (or consumed) back into Vhortas, or to be hunted by Earth warriors of Spider spirits. The Queen agrees for now, but doesn’t grant them a permanent status and warns them to be on their best behavior. The team worries this just swapping one Queen for another, but they have no real power here so what can they do. They are also disturbed to notice that many of the corp reps visible around the chamber seem delighted to have the chance to converse with some potentially “free” Insects, as this has long been ARES’ private domain, loathe though they are to admit it.

Lastly, a Croki ambassador for the Wild Fae, Riva Dhillon, requests help with a corp strip mining project in the Wilds, a corp (likely MCT from the description) is intentionally creating toxic zones to harvest strange reagents. The Queen rejects this request, as she has not given permission for such activity nor is it occurring on her lands, so she doesn’t see how this relates to the Court. Dhillon, seemingly a skilled speaker, manages to accept this result, while deriding the Court’s narrow-mindedness, and obliquely referring to past examples of this policy going poorly for the Court and/or the Fae as a whole. With that the hearing ends, and the team heads off to a light snacks and tea lunch with Foggy. They had over two Tarot cards, a matching set, one from the 6WT, and one from one of the two other mysterious decks they have encountered. Foggy says that this is a superb gift for the Queen, and herself seems quite excited about the revelation about the existence of further decks. They worry they might have given TOO good of a gift, but Foggy suggests that due to it’s lateness, the quality will be appreciated.

In return, as Foggy basically has to ask them to ask her for something, Heat pulls out the facemask he has programmed to match The Auditor for the LA mission, and asks if Foggy recognizes him. She doesn’t, and doesn’t seem particularly interested until the team brings up some of the weird stuff him and his similar looking possible colleague Fidian Serverson (if that is even his name!) have been up to in Denver, LA and likely elsewhere. She offers to look into it more, and they agree.

With that, they have a few last threads to tie up but plan to leave the Seelie Court shortly for their meeting with Aina, and then onwards. Creep has also been excited to spot a few instances of furniture fashion popping up around Court, some upholstered fabrics, some decorative wooden wearable trim, etc. He seems to have started a mini-trend, and is curious where it will go.

My Dad is a Chair
7/1/2024, 10:28:25 AM
Runners
Creep
The Detective
Otters aka Roadkill
Pepper Jack

Heat splits off from the team to do some digging into local musical culture and pass Null Sect info along to Horizon to keep the team in their good graces for another month of public news presence management. Aradia heads out to search out promising candidates for the Order of the Garter. Both plan to report back in occasionally but be often out of touch due to the strange logistics of comms tech and the local “gramarye”. With PPJ and TD still detained, Otters and Creep debate whether to seek out dinner arrangements or not, as they’d made no particular plans for the evening.

They decide not to, feeling that they’ve both actually been eating more than they really need to, once they consider it. They head over to Ehran the Scribe’s mysterious recruitment booth, hoping to secure a place to sleep, and then fumble their way through a conversation, lacking all of their usual Faces. Creep’s blunt style keeps almost shutting down their chances til Otters repeatedly clarifies and salvages things. After confirming that they don’t have a factional alliance yet, aren’t actually interested in his recruiting pitch (hiring specialists for a longterm assignment at location unknnown, which would involve saying your goodbye’s to everyone you know for now), and aren’t actually allied with Alachia The Blood Queen (who Creep has a possibly ill-advised crush on), Ehran shuts down his booth for a break and brings them around to his private quarters behind it, shaping open a door in the castle wall to do so.

After conversing a bit, they actually manage to impress him with the depth of their knowledge (thanks team files and Toff’s journal!) so he fills them in on some stuff and offers them some work. Frosty Jane is apparently not allied at Court, due to being out of favor (perhaps related to the Chal’Han that Toff’s team helped her in, in which she defeated Alachia’s daughter), and thus was unable to accompany him on this trip. Also, she has been doing damage control on Earth to try to keep news of Harlequin’s current situation from going public, even resorting to posing as him on Jackpoint and elsewhere using his “Laughing Man” handle. Assuming that the admins don’t know about this, this is a major faux pas. Ehran also reveals that he has posted on various of the shadow forums himself, when necessary, but suggests that his level of fame doesn’t make regular interaction with the hoi polloi the most effective means of communication, most often.

After confirming that the team knows the basics of Harly’s recent history and current deal, he says that he and Jane would like to hire some unaffiliated contractors to try to improve Harly’s situation. He explains that it will be a complicated process, and that breaking the Coimeadai bargain, though it is unlikely that Harly entered it willingly, will involve some strange and ancient magics. They will also need to collect however many pieces he has been fragmented into, including Gwynplaine, to do their best to ensure success. Ehran doesn’t know GP’s current location but thinks he is at least somewhere on the Plane. He also tells them that they will need to find some way to bargain with the great dragon Celedyr, who retreated to his fortress in Wales after the collapse of NeoNET, managing to dodge most of his share of the fallout for what he helped to set off in Boston.

Via the team files, and with Ehran filling in the gaps, they piece together that they will need the Jewel of Memory, a draconic artifact the possession of which signifies the holder as the draconic Loremaster. This was a title long held by Lofwyr, until he was dethroned during the early-70’s Dragon Civil War, when he slew his dragon-supremacist brother, Alamais. The JoM was then given to Celedyr, who managed to maintain it through the Boston aftermath, and still holds it to this day. As the team file shows, Test’s research into the Coimeadai shows that that ritual was developed either from the JoM, inspired by it, or similar, and Ehran suggests that such a power object could help un-do what has been done to Harly.

However, they will also need a powerful practitioner of Courtly magic, and one who does not mind going against one of the Queen’s closest allies, along with the edicts and traditions of Queen and Court. To that end, Ehran has secured them lodging for the evening in the mansion of Thisbe Sorrel, the Queen in Exile. He tells them to stay on their toes but also to assess her potential interest in the mission at hand. They agree, and head straight there, not wanting to risk the castle halls at night. They are ushered in by a plant-matter humanoid spirit named Walks Through Tall Grass, who studiously ignores Creep’s attempts at mild antagonism.

When they enter, they find a number of children of various ages playing, including two toddlers who bear notable resemblances to Sanquals Love and Armando Salazar, as hinted at in the team file. Creep also spots that a teen sitting in an armchair at the side of the room is none other than their host, Thisbe. Her eyes, filled with ancient knowledge and a long, long life give her away, though she fooled Otters, initially. They converse a bit, with Otters growing more and more bored and frustrated as she is reminded yet again that she STILL ISN’T IN VR! She also notices that Thisbe seems fascinated by and is aggressively flirtacious with Creep, which seems to be totally going over Creep’s head.

When Creep and Thisbe heads upstairs for her to more closely study the scarification done to him to prep him as a Shadow vessel, Otters stays behind and reads some of the various books, scrolls, tomes and tablets left scattered about. Most are in languages and scripts unfamiliar to her, but a few are legible. Amongst them she finds the spell, crafted by Thisbe, to originate the Great Hall messaging system, which just lightly uses blood magic. Otters records the spell formula to share with others later. She also finds some notes about Mama (from Boston), some past team members, and Mama making incursions into the Metaplanes. After exhausting her reading materials, she curls up on one of the divans to try desperately to sleep, but also sees that one of the children is playing with a set of oddly shaped blocks that seems to reshape the mansion around them.

Upstairs, Thisbe strips Creep down and makes thorough record of his markings. He explains he is watching Roseanne during this and she inquires if he finds this sexually stimulating. He does not, but agrees to provide her with a “sample” in exchange for her assistance, switching his internal feed to a playback of the somewhat D/s chatroom hang he had at new year’s with Dr. Tilda Aurand. This gets the job done quickly, and Sorrel says she’s head off to the bath, telling Creep to sleep “where he will.” Creep dresses, returns to the foyer, and sleeps under the divan that Otters is curled up on. They awake in the morning to one of Sorrel’s servants (/older children?), Edselia, offering refreshments, as Thisbe emerges down the stairs, visibly pregnant.

She tells them in a roundabout way that she will assist them in their task as they fumble through a few inquiries, and suggests that Heat, or another TM, should be able to trace the 3 Coimeadai that hold Harly’s mind from the Pá coins that will either be held by Alachia or one of her close minions. She also says she will help with the ritual as she seems quite interested in esoteric spellcraft, amongst other things. Her and Otters go on a brief tangent about riggable corpses, which Otters quickly abandons but she seems to wish to explore further. She then offers to perform a ritual on Creep to ensure that his body is destroyed in the event of his death, preventing it’s use as a Shadow vessel, and Creep agrees, feeling a distressingly hot burning sensation in his chest after she licks a sample of his blood off his finger and focuses on him for a moment.

The sensation fades to a pleasant but detectable warmth, and they head to the Morning Hearing with a few members of the Sorrel household, though not Thisbe herself. Not seeing Heat or Aradia there, they are happy to at least spot their detained team-mates, hauled up before the Queen’s dais. They also see that someone has casually tossed a ratty tarp over the Shadow tourmaline, seemingly done in an insultingly insouciant fashion on purpose, while still blocking it from broadcasting messages on it’s surface. And the mosaics and murals today seem focused on Queens: one Queen, upright, with a spectral double, both crowned, while another crowned Queen, inverted, watches from the shadows. Three more Queens cavort and scheme, with partial crowns or hair styled as such: one in a thorny wood, one in a glade, and one in a pool of blood. They think they can ID almost all of the figures, which also seem to boost some of the rumors travelling the court, but one of the lesser Queens remains a mystery.

Meanwhile, TD and PPJ have been attempting to maintain their sanity in their tiny, void-edged dungeon cells. PPJ also almost loses himself to the laughter, with TD providing some critical leadership to bring him back from the (literal) edge, as he all of a sudden realizes that poking his toes into the void isn’t actually that funny at all. They converse a bit, with TD trying to make sure this it the real PPJ, while both try to ignore the laughter. After an unclear amount of time passes, they are blindfolded again and brought forth from their cells, and TD overhears one of their jailors muttering something about “one of them having escaped” before being shushed. They are brought up to Court, blindfolds removed, and happy to see their friends in the audience.

The Rite of Testimony starts, with the Queen’s Magister reading the ritual from a book that the Queen’s Steward holds. TD assenses the magic to make sure no other castings are involved, and when it looks like it is those two plus some ambient Castle magic, submits, not seeing a better option. PPJ does the same. A few different Courtiers are questioned- Chambray Cliff seems to be digging into both Shadow faction activity as well as the threat of Blood doppels. From the first few questionings, it seems that Cliff is playing a complex political game and trying to score points more than make examples, although the Queen seems to be growing bored by the lack of major revelations, and the Magister and Queen’s Champion both occasionally interject in the questioning. One of the other early questioned reveals that he is there on behalf of STV to set up a law office, with permission, but initially just working on behalf of their client the Magical Investors Group. Since MIG has the Queen’s permission to study there and Foggy vouches for STV, he is quickly released.

The worst moment for Cliff is in his questioning of disgraced former High Priestess member Sacre Floot, who reveals under the Rite that she was tortured by Hermit faction or their agents. Cliff manages to shut it down quickly but that doesn’t seem to have gone quite how he liked. TD is forced to reveal their regrets over failed past cases, a private shame made public but no great secret, and they see a classic Holmsian-styled detective, an Indian woman, nodding along as if she understands. TD notes that for later. PPJ is up next, and Cliff digs deep. Creep and Otters attempt to cheer and boo at appropriate times in support of PPJ but it doesn’t quite work, so Creep turns into a chair to hide, seeing some interested looks at this display of sartorial disguise. They both back off a bit though.

It seems like the unifying factor amongst all of the Courtiers being questioned is that they received messages from the tourmaline, were seen looking at or listening to it, or volunteered themselves (TD). PPJ hands over the note the tourmaline gave him, which like the other missives is recorded into the Steward’s book but not read aloud- it seems that although the prohibition against discussing the tourmaline has been lifted for this Rite, the Queen still has some prohibitions on it in place. PPJ also reveals his backstory, missing memories and weird times on the metaplanes and all. He’s very open about everything, though Cliff keeps trying to twist his words to suit his own purposes.

Eventually, PPJ is forced to reveal his largest secret- he has a mysterious implant that he doesn’t understand, which seems to connect him to an unknown entity whose feeling seem to effect PPJ’s access or lack thereof to occasional bursts of additional power. This is a little more explicit about this than he has been all at once with the team, though he has told them all of these things bit by bit. Cliff seems to view this as the big reveal, since the crystal, as well as PPJ’s spine, are blood implants, but it doesn’t hit as hard at Court as desired and PPJ largely keeps his cool. Cliff hurries through the final Courtier, who is detained for further question after being revealed to have collected messages from the tourmaline, believing them important. Old Crow sends the team a message to meet with him after the hearing, seeming concerned about the mention of STV and MIG.

They see a petitioner named Montagne up next, who collects statuary and seems to be gradually calcifying himself. He seems to prefer statues, icons, etc of lost cultures, and rambles on about his own lost kingdom, seemingly some 4th World or “Era of the Corpse Lily” collapse, which seems to make the Court uncomfortable. However, he has heard rumors of some sort of planar junction of statues, standing stones, monoliths and the like that he things could allow safer travel of the deep metaplanes if it is discovered and offers a bounty for any who can locate it. Next, Foggy is properly ascended to Queen’s Courtesan, as well as ennobled by Queen’s edict, for services rendered, finalizing her glowup.

Lady Xoc of High Priestess makes a rare appearance at Court, utilizing the Rite of Wishes to publicly claim Sacre Floot as one of her own once again, seemingly offering her protection and a return to the fold, possibly as a counter-move to Hermit in response to Floot’s allegations of torture. Finally, just as the Queen is about to end the Hearing, a strange spirit steps forward and she pauses, which the team hasn’t seen before. The spirits is named Portent and states that although it cannot see it’s own future, it can see dark days ahead for the Court- bargains will be offered, some too good to refuse, and taken them may lead to ruination. With that cryptic warning, Court is adjourned, and the team exits, bumping into Aradia on their way out.

She explains that she’s arranged a meeting with a member of the Magician faction after the team once again seems iffy on allying with Bastard, which is PPJ’s preference. TD and PPJ plan to head to the luncheon and feel Magician out, at least for the night. Creep and Otters head to Bristeluchairt tavern to meet with Old Crow at an open lunch. Otters is briefly distracted by the central feature, a massive chimney with four hearths facing out on each side, over each of which is mounted some massive pelt or skull as well as a unique looking weapon. As Otters stares, she hears the firekeepers at each hearth telling the tale of the hunter who wielded each weapon, and slew each of the great beasts whose remains reside above, as well as suggesting that should anyone hunt a greater beast with a more interesting weapon, they will have their own moment of glory here.

Old Crow sits them down and warns them that the Magical Investors Group is essentially a front for the Black Lodge. Based on the timing of their arrival, he also wouldn’t be surprised if MIG/BL was either partially or fully behind the Shadow faction as well- what better way for a human supremacist group to operate at Court than in secret? Based on intel OC got from some Rogue Lodge contacts, he thinks the BL may have come hear believing that the Court and the Yellowstone Anomaly could be sources of great power, or great danger, as hinted at it in Hansu’s Prophecies 1 and 2. He requests the team dig further, and they agree to. They also see that he still looks injured from Detroit- somewhat depleted and weakened in what may be a permanent manor. He offers payment of a type of the team’s choosing, but hints that the ability to travel the metaplanes is one option.

At the Magician luncheon, TD and PPJ converse with Sven Skarsbard and his lover Chloe Glowworm. They both seem concerned about poison, which eventually leads to the tale of Sven’s poisoning and a past team member assisting them in resolving that, though Sven is still weaker than usual and they’re both paranoid. Chloe seems comfortable making offers and promises on behalf of Magician though, so they do a little interview about what each can off the other. After PPJ rejects her offer to attend their schools and become a Master Magician (partially because he is insulted that they would make him test up from level 1), they get down to business and secure patronage for the night in exchange for the message spell formula that Otters copied at Thisbe’s. Chloe also gives them a list of other optional payments, including a Tarot set, if they wish to secure a longer term arrangement.

They agree to think on it, and exit, meeting up with the rest of the team and all debriefing on what they found out. They go over the Prophecies again, and discover another Tarot set that seems relevant, as well as various worrying hints of what may come. TD and the others also have a few lingering threads they want to follow up on at and around Court, and they once again find themselves without specific dinner plans, so they all agree to spend a moment deciding what to do next. They also discuss if Creep and Thisbe’s child will be part gnome or part chair, if that is the truer representation of Creep’s being now.

The Tale Unfolds
6/17/2024, 10:45:36 AM
Runners
Creep
The Detective
Otters aka Roadkill
Pepper Jack
Heat
Aradia

Aradia and PPJ stay behind to keep an eye on the team’s gear, as PPJ requests not to be left alone (or trusted if seen alone) with news of his dopple/clone/? being inhabited by a powerful Blood Spirit. The rest of the team head to the Trickster’s Buffet, following the pulsing guide sigil on their invitation. They find a door carved with a faded infinity loop and enter, finding themselves in a long hall, into which has been crammed a long sectional table and chairs, with Castle servants squeezing amongst the diners to deliver food. There also seem to be a complicated game of musical chairs going on, where the table nearest the door along with it’s chairs are lifted aloft and sent to the far end, with diners racing after to maintain their places.

This leads to a lot of jostling and opportunistic adjustment of relative placement, in which the team partakes. Creep sneaks along under the table for a while until he realizes that the people who notice him there are amused at his “prank” and the takes a chair just before a disappointed courtier, who is ejected from the dinner, as the team gets the sense that as the feast and table progress, chairs are occasionally removed, so they have to stay on their toes in multiple ways.

Heat and Otters end up paired together, in conversation with a man they quickly ID as Rooster, from descriptions in the team file. He seems exhausted and a little bit edgier than reported and after some clever banter with Heat (Otters proves to be too direct, though she manages to cover for it), they get some intel. Rooster explains that he and an-ex-ex teammate of theirs have been engaged in a long-running series of pranks, and that Test had got him real good by dosing him with Tempo. Thus, he can’t safely sleep often as Shadow spirits will possess his sleeping body if he does, especially given that Shadow spirits are probably seeking broad revenge against the Fae after the destruction of Fauth-Doshgoi.

He offers patronage for the night through Hanged Man, delaying the need for a more permanent commitment for another day, in exchange for two favors- he needs someone to guard him while he sleeps, and he passes them a small sachet of some sort of drug, which he wants them to dose Test with, as Heat had let slip that they knew of Test’s current location and vocation. Figuring that they’ll be back to the Great Library on Kindred at some point, and after Rooster assures them it is a non-lethal prank, they agree.

The table shuffles again, and they find themselves seated near a late middle-aged human woman, who seems to possess some serious spycraft skills. They don’t put it together initially, but from down the table Creep recognizes her as Samantha Roth, the ex-UCAS military former NeoNET spymaster. She explains to Heat and Otters that she got hired on by Johnny Spinrad during NN’s post-Boston collapse, but that after his death, his wife Gabrielle has been sidelining any high-level perceived loyalists, including her. She was sent to the Seelie Court to establish a footprint for Spinrad Global and gain intel.

She compliments the two runners on their strange display at Court the prior morning, which Heat is pleasantly surprised was noticed. She also warns them that conservatives at the Court don’t want outsiders to mess with their “gramarye” aka “grimoire”, which is what the locals call what passes for their network. She explains that Court enforcers known as “Crows” are surely watching the team after their little trick, and that although they aren’t GOD they do have serious matrix skills, and are more attuned to the unique local environment therein.

Otters seems to be losing it a bit from not having hotSIM access for days, and Roth tells her to check out the Geocache room, if they can locate it, as well as to take a visit to the area around Gilik’s tavern, where she might find things more to her liking. As she seems somewhat willing to dispense with local customs of obscure speech and hints at more work available, they ask her to take a walk with them away from the dinner, and she agrees. They quickly outpace the chaotic moving table, and have an informative convo about the state of the matrix at Court.

Roth is pleased to find that the team is already fully briefed on the Null Sect, and that Heat seems to have a personal vendetta against them. She tells him to take a look around when he gets to Geocache and report his findings, as she has suspicions that the Null are attempting an infiltration of the Court from there. She also tells Heat that if he can amass a collection of “pá” coins, he can probably use his rare TM abilities to essentially act as a comms hub for the crew while they are in this strange place, and tells him to further study the coimeadai network to gain an understanding of how this might work.

She offers various payments, including cash if they are as crass as that, but seems cautiously optimistic about having some reliable freelancers on hand. They all split off and head out, disappearing from each other in the dim areas between torches in the endless hallway. Otters and Heat return to the Renraku safehouse, with Otters and Aradia offering to stay behind and wait for the others, while Heat and PPJ bring their still-peacebound crate of illicit gear down to Gilik’s, where Rooster is putting them up for the night. First, Heat uses his TM abilities to check out the Renraku host through a charging port for electronics provided in the bunk room.

Seeing that it is a very high rating hidden host, he decides that the job for Gary Cline/Horizon is currently not possible, so backburners that for now. Meanwhile, at the Everhall dinner, Creep and The Detective have ended up sitting to together, and gradually work their way into conversational range with their host, Garbh Filiochta. She seems interested in them, and the table is amused at Creep’s blatant disregard of conversational and social rules, as this is all seen as a grand jape in this context. Creep is flustered by their amusement, so TD does most of the talking.

They get the feel that Garbh has been tasked with feeling out what the team is up to here, and who, if anyone, they are aligned with. Creep has also spotted 3 masked killers at the dinner, who he assesses are there to protect Garbh rather than the event, and to “deal” with the team if they are a problem. TD manages to initially dissemble successfully, but they realize that they need to give Garbh something to avoid further complications, and so tells her that the team is there working for an Earth client to research an Earth entity using the Court’s excellent libraries, and that they have not permanently aligned with any faction and are delighted to make new connections.

This seems to satisfy for now, though Garbh suggests that an appropriate gift to the Queen for her ongoing tolerance of their presence could be an item to add to her Arcana, or some assistance in helping quash some of the nasty rumors floating around about her. They take the hint, and plan to either leave soon or make an appropriate offering. The table shuffles again, and they find themselves near an ancient courtier named Porl Sandstorm, who seems to know a lot and interestingly though he seems well-connected, is ostentatiously free of any markers that would suggest a Faction affiliation.

He conversationally hints at some of the rumors about the Queen that Garbh had alluded to- apparently in addition to the “artifacts for access” scandal that the team heard hints of at Court the previous morning, there are also longstanding rumors being amplified by the Agents of Clarity that the Queen is herself a doppleganger or some other nefarious entity, and that this should call her entire coronation into question. He phrases this all as if these are awful rumors he has overheard that he ought not repeat but has allowed himself to be convinced to- very smooth.

TD and Creep leave after that, with Garbh telling Creep to attend a certain mansion address if he still seeks a tailor- so it seems like they passed the audition. They leave and manage to catch Heat and PPJ before they head to Gilik’s, so with a slight change of plans, Aradia and the rest of the crew head down there with the gear to get ready for the Feast of Hecate ball later in the evening, while PPJ and Creep head to the mansion wing to seek the address Creep was given. They find it with little trouble, as their corporate temp housing is nearby, currently. And find what looks like various size and style mansion faces jammed in next to each along the sides of a wide corridor, with the Castle seemingly having reshaped itself around them.

They find the address the seek, a small and modest but nice single story house with a charming fence and organized front garden. Approaching the round door, Creep tries the gnome-height knocker at it’s center. PPJ says he will stay outside, as he wants to examine the strange magic here, which suggests that the Castle can shuffle these mansions around as needed in some inscrutable way. Creep enters to find Marcus Ko, the Queen’ tailor, waiting, alongside one of the masked killers from the dinner. Marcus instructs the masked man (Sir Cian) to fetch appropriate tools, and he crouch-walks around the gnome-size house awkwardly to do so.

Creep describes his desires, and Marcus seems interested by the project- making a wearable chair that will allow Creep decent mobility and some armor, while also being able to pose as furniture. He says Creep will need to remain with him for a bit while he readies the garment, and hopes he doesn’t have other plans for the evening. Creep agrees, and in payment offers up his Tarot ticket to Zurich Orbital, which has been weighing on him as he doesn’t really plan to use it, but it is tied to him. Marcus seems happy to accept this, perhaps assuming that as a fellow gnome he can plausibly pass, and Creep sees it transform from a digital token to a paper ticket as he passes it over.

Marcus suggests that this could be an item of great value to him, given how much Foggy gained from her own trip to ZO and the moon. Creep feels relieved to be rid of it and settles in for an evening of measurements and custom tailoring, familiar from his pageant upbringing. The rest of the team leaves Aradia watching over Rooster after having set up some appropriate magical defenses in a back room off of Gilik’s tavern- an impressive 4 story den of assorted debauchery that feels a bit like home to the runners. Otters is also delighted to see some assorted tech here, though it seems like steampunk is the dominant vibe, and she wonders if there are locals or material plane visitors who paradigm-shifted, and assumed it is probably some mix.

There are far more dwarves, as well as gnomes, orks, and other metatypes down here than at Court proper, and they feel they have travelled deep below the Castle to reach this location. They also all had to crawl through a low opening to enter the tavern, seemingly intended to bring everyone down to dwarf height, at least for a moment. With Rooster performatively snoring away, Aradia readies the other 3’s outfits, transforming them magically to white with a hint of silver, as instructed by Niall, after they discuss whether or not to be sartorially disruptive and decide against. They head to the ball, at the Agatarish Dome, and for once have little trouble finding it, feeling almost as if the Castle guides them there.

They find an elegant older Kappa (seemingly the titular Agatarish) hosting, and a stage set up at one end of the large chamber, on which a band is playing- Heat is immediately drawn that direction to study the unusual microtonal modality, and gets what recordings he can before Foggy comes over to converse with them and he reluctantly pulls himself away. Foggy explains the them about the Feast of Hecate and the monthly balls at Court, and Heat goes straight for it and hands over their 6WT Queen of Batons, with a gracious reminder that Niall was behind this. Foggy is delighted and suggests that so long as nothing untoward occurs, this should assure her ascension to the highest rank of courtier, and that if this happens, she will be in an even better position to assist her friends, whoever they may be.
The team agrees that they would love to be friends, and she seems delighted to hear it. She introduces her young cousin Olin ke’Coille, who seems a little small for his formal robe, but has a cute spirit weasel companion and seems to be quite a powerful mage as he levitates off at great speed after politely meeting them. With their task out of the way, they decide to just have a good time, with TD and Otters eventually slipping off as they event descends into full spring orgy mode, after partaking to various degrees. Heat fully commits, grooving to the music and getting it on with an assortment of partners in an assortment of configurations (careful to always keep his cloak on).

The team rests, and decide to all head to Court in the morning, as PPJ and Aradia were able to take shifts watching Rooster, who seems quite relieved to feel well-rested for once. He seems to be collecting tales, as usual, and the team inquires about something else they’ve been curious about- what’s up with Harlequin? Rooster is disappointed that they already know the big reveal that he’s the Jester, but explains that Harly has been mind-wiped and made into a coimeadai- so presumably his memory and self are being securely stored somewhere? Rooster seems to desire the role of Jester for himself so offers his assistance if needed for any future mischief that might help achieve that. This also reminds the team that Harly had split himself intentionally once before, creating Gwynplaine, and wonders what happened to GP as well.

He stays behind to continue eating breakfast at Gilik’s (having ordered the full English) while the team heads back upstairs, following the tolling bells. They enter the Great Hall as the Morning Hearing commences, and TD sees that the tapestries and mosaics today seem to hint at some scandals in the artifact trade at Court- both members of the Queen’s faction trading artifacts for access, as they had heard rumored, and also other high ranking houses of various factions seemingly selling off heirlooms at historical low points to some shadow-y figure. They are unable to figure out more as the crowd roils, but it seems like some scandals are brewing amongst the courtiers in response.

The ignored Shadow Tourmaline is now broadcasting a message in glowing red letters on it’s black surface, saying “Beware the Hidden Master! Are they Traders, or Traitors?” – everyone sees it but carefully looks away. PPJ leaps up to a balcony again, careful to stay in view of the rest of the team. The line of petitioners form. Aneki goes first, and gets approval to expand Renraku’s census into a taxonomical survey of the denizens of the Court and the metaplanes in general, offering recompense for any who participate, and assuring the Court that their studies are purely non-invasive and non-surgical. Heat gets excited as maybe this is a way in to hack their databases for Horizon, though the rest of the team still seems suspicious of Heat’s goals here, though certainly convinceable.

The team is then surprised to see the legendary Ehran the Scribe, who gets approval to set up an employment office, seeking skilled magical practitioners and other specialists for an unspecified project funded by the DIMR, offering competitive rates. He instructs any interested parties to seek him out, and the team also notices the conspicuous absence of Frosty Jane, who usually accompanies him on these sort of tasks. Next a plucky young reporter named Suzuki Jones, who the team knows of from the file, and Heat personally remembers from internal Horizon biz, gets up and requests permission to conduct interview with any prospective attendees of the forthcoming Grand Tour seasons.

It seems that these Euro-focused mobile gatherings of the rich and famous are starting to include more and more Fae due to the planes’ relative proximity, and Jones gets temporary approval only for on the record interviews- no gossip or surveillance. As Heat knows she often strings for the London-based (and Horizon-funded) conspiracy rag “The All-Seeing Eye”, he thinks these are reasonable restrictions to place. As the scandals brew about the tapestries and mosaics of the day, the team overhears some rumor chatter, that the Queen may be a secret member of the Vigilance faction, and discover some of the sources of the gossip about the Queen being a dopple- she often has conversations with some undetectable entity, and also some of the rumors seem to actually have been hinting towards Aina Dupree, the Ebon Queen/Eiolai of the Unseelie.

Finally, Chambray Cliff rises to speak again, and goes on a long speech about the dangers of the Deep Metaplanes and travellers from those realms, as well as the threat, both recent and ongoing, of Blood spirit impersonators at Court (perhaps playing off the heightened dopple fears). He then turns to point to PPJ specifically, and calls for the Rite of Testimony to be used on him and some other suspicious travellers from throughout the Court, who have been seen to receive messages from the Shadow Tourmaline. The Queen agrees, and PPJ and some other courtiers are politely seized by magic and Court guards, who start to escort them to the dungeons, as the Rite will be carried out at the next day’s Morning Hearing.

TD, fearing for PPJ if he is left alone, accompanies him voluntarily, insisting that they also be arrested, much to Cliff’s confusion. They are escorted to the dungeon, and put in adjacent, slightly too small cells, tilted out towards an open end that falls into some sort of void. They can converse, barely, by shouting into the hole in the floor provided for expelling waste, though with the audio distortion, TD is unable to fully confirm that this is the “real” PPJ talking back, though he knows the right stuff. They also hear some hideous laughter echoing from another adjacent cell, and TD briefly laughs along before almost getting subsumed and losing themselves in the laughter. They manage to pull back and decide not to engage further for now, trying to remember anything they had read of the Castle dungeons in the team file.

The rest of the crew, a bit shocked at the turn of events, decides to proceed with their day’s plans, and Aradia sets up back to back meeting with Niall and Nadja Daviar. They converse quickly with Niall after the Heating rapidly concludes, and he provides the two Tarot cards as promised. He also reminds them that if they free TD, or wish themselves to, he would be interested in discussing further what they saw in the Pendulum Room a few nights previous. Aradia and Creep head to lunch with Daviar in the Cube dining hall again, while Heat and Otters split off and head to the Geocache.

Aradia and Creep pass the cards over, which Nadja is delighted by, complimenting them on their speed and efficiency, compared to many in this frustrating place. She offers intel in response as promised and fills in the team on the holes in their understanding of GW and Zebulon’s pasts- Yuichotol’s death in the 4th World at the hands of the Therans using blood magic (AZT precursors, hence that beef), GW reconstituting her “soul” into a fettered great form spirit called Ghost Scale, and GW falling out with Dunkelzahn due to the dark magics he used to do this. Ghost Scales then herself being disrupted by Lofwyr during the early days of the Scourge, explaining that beef as well. The Great Tree that was all that remained of All-Wings burned around this time as well, leaving only the Ashes that GW seeks.

Nadja goes on to explain how the ritual that GW used to create Ghost Scales was similar enough to a locality binding to allow her fragments to coalesce around a place- in this case Denver, during the early Gold Rush, and become something of a Spirit of the City, though weak and without real power during the magical downtime. She became further fractured during the Great Ghost Dance due to the fragmentation of the USA into the UCAS and NAN, and then more so as Denver itself was chopped into slices as the Treaty City. GW’s reemergence from his astral kaer when Big D sacrificed himself to stave off the Horrors allowed GW to establish himself in Denver and begin working to reassemble, Ghost Scales, now called Zebulon, again.

He did what he could to amass power but needed more, and used the ritual conducted by Aina Dupree (the Ebon Queen) and others to close the Watergate Rift (to halt the entrance of Shedim to Earth) to do so. Aina was believed killed in the ensuing magical explosion, and her body sucked into the rift as GW also entered just before it’s closing. By tying the local hyperplanes artificially together, he was able to stabilize Zebulon, but at the expense of the city, which began suffering from the Reality Rips of a few years back. He reemerged and further established himself as the lord of Denver, with Zebulon assisting him.

This is where his beef with Harlequin emerges- Harly was Aina’s on/off lover (both are thought to be amongst the Immortal Elves), and believing her killed, he decided to get revenge on GW, executing his plane to sever Denver’s hyperplanes yet again, undoing GW’s work and fragmenting Zebulon once more. According to Nadja, GW is still willing to sacrifice the people of Denver to save what he can of her, and has been offering spirit sanctuary to any spirits who swear fealty and make their way to the Mile High Realm, seemingly aiming to bolster his strength there. She also posits that GW and his allies must somehow be benefiting from the magical exchange between Earth and the MHR that contributes to the ongoing rifts.

With all of this laid out, the team feels like they have satisfactorily completed that job, and Creep asks one final question- with what was down to Harly after losing his duel to Alachia, what happened to Gwynplaine? Nadja chuckles and says that they certainly weren’t rejoined beforehand, but that GP also doesn’t walk free, suggesting that the team could do worse than to check the Castle’s dungeons for the resident mad clown, if they wish to intervene. With that all taken care of, she reminds them to look into Rex Coll when they get a chance, and they depart lunch and head back to Gilik’s.

Meanwhile, after some wandering, Heat and Otters find the Geocache, and see a physical prop representation of a laser grid slide open as they enter. They quickly notice that one of the Crows they were warned of is watching them, but both are delighted to find an actual wireless matrix they can dive into, which weirdly also has a physical manifestation, in that they enter a green line grid on black background kind of classic 2050’s matrix. Looking around, they spot some wireless repeaters seemingly installed by NeoNET before their collapse, and Heat also notices that the local “noosphere” seems to be generating Resonance energy, which NN look to have cleverly used to power their tech, creating a strange infinite loop that seem to be slowly expanding the reach of it’s effect field.

They also see 8 large floating shapes, which all seem to represent the 8 AAA members of the Corp Court from the 2050’s. Seeing that they are all fairly high security, Heat takes a closer look at the NN node, the weakest among them, and sees it is crawling with Null vines, which have begun to emerge. Otters goes to distract the Crow, pointing out their gardening problem, though the Crow seems to take this literally and suggest she speak to Banleigh Swale, the Castle groundskeeper. This allows Heat to quickly try to enter the NN host- he rejects an offered MARK and hacks his way in, quickly exiting again as he sees it is fully gutted on the inside and infested with Null icons.

Putting together that this is the node that Test had hacked and used for data dives and comms out on his last visit, Heat puts together that be utilizing the Null Node of that Foundation so extensively, Test seems to have opened a pathway for the Null to enter here, and seeing as the chamber seems to operate on an expanding loop, likely have the potential to expand their presence. Lacking any options on how to prevent this at the moment, and with the Crow remaining obstinate, they had back to Gilik’s for now to meet up and debrief. Heat wants to interfere in the Harlequin biz, and suggests they at least contact Aina/The Ebon Queen to let her know of Harly’s present circumstances, and see what happens from there. He also wants to follow up with Samantha Roth and see if there is a way to halt the Null’s progress here.

For now, they need a patron for the night and have no current dinner plans, and 1/3rd of their party is in jail, so they have some thinking to do about next steps….

Night Time is the Right Time
6/10/2024, 8:09:45 PM
Runners
Creep
The Detective
Otters aka Roadkill
Pepper Jack
Heat
Aradia

After dinner, the team discusses the Tarot set that Nadja Daviar is looking to collect and decides it likely has to do with Ghostwalker and portals- so, relevant. The team briefly discusses the potential dangers and then decides to all go wander the castle, accept Creep, who goes to bed in their Renraku-provided corp bunks. PPJ tries to manifest his way to one of the sought Tarot cards, but quickly gets lost amidst some back halls, where some strange mushrooms seem to be in use as some form of air filtration. He eventually finds his way back to their room, seeing some castle servants feeding some wall-mounted caged glow-worms that light up, lamp-like. He also goes to sleep, a bit discouraged.

Aradia and The Detective end up sticking together, and searching for a fun mystery, and find their way to the Pendulum Room, where they join a strange masked dance, though they cannot hear the music. Aradia loses the beat first, and is thrown into a black void over the edge of the swinging platform room they were dancing on. TD quickly follows suit, though they were first able to spot and memorize a strange note, that they found themselves able to read even while aware that it was not written in a language they knew.

Both in similar but separate voids, they each spot a door in the far distance, as well as both seemingly one peaceful and one exciting option to each side. Both get the sense that something may be following them, and Aradia levitates herself over to the door and enters. TD, lacking magic, takes a little longer to reach the door, and is also more curious, waiting until the thing following (some kind of massive, camouflaged, rotting centipede) gets upsettingly close, and then also exits.

They find themselves stepping out of seemingly random doors elsewhere in the Castle, and Aradia manages to make her way back to TD, and as they see the sun is starting to come up (how long were they dancing and in that void?) they head back to the room to try to get a little rest. Otters, meanwhile, has sought out a library, looking for some more info on artifacts and the like, and finds some more info on Allwings and the Ashes of the Great Tree, as well as some references to other texts to seek in another library. Hearing some noises throughout the pitch black library, she decides not to push it, and also returns to the room just as the sun is coming up.

Heat, seeking a musical excursion, finds his way out a narrow stair to the woods just outside the Castle, where he finds some Fae dancing in a perfect moonbeam in clearing, inside of an odd ring of mushrooms. He quietly records their songs and chants, though he can’t quite figure the tuning, tone or pattern as it seems to be some sort of microtonal round. However, he jumps into the circle, sampling his recordings to the beat, and seemingly accepted as a participant. He awakens late the next morning, with a bad moonburn, feeling thoroughly sore and danced out, but with the strange recordings intact.

The rest of the team, minus Otters who has decided to sleep in, make their way to the Morning Hearing in the Great Hall. PPJ carefully focuses, wanting to get to one of the balconies, as they aren’t quite full, and manages to leap up to one, seemingly calling on some approval from somewhere in his mind to gain the final push. He takes a spot, leaning on the tree branch balustrade, and sees someone who was sedately levitating towards that spot redirect. Creep, seeking a tailor to get an appropriate local fit, spots two promising candidates: a courtier with a foppish style who seems well-dressed, and a small gnome man who seems to intentionally obscure himself within the Queen’s Retinue.

Creep tries to make eyes and gestures at the Queen’s tailor, without being too obvious or causing an issue, and isn’t sure which if either of those he succeeded in, but definitely did something. He then begins ignoring the Hearing and focusing on the tapestries and mosaics, which seem to be shifting to tell a new tale- seemingly the tail of 6Cyl’s love letters to Zeha Cadgris being read aloud in Court, much to her embarrassment. Comparing notes with others on the crew, they confirm that it looks like Bastard and Hanged Man are showing as having revelled in embarrassing the torturer, while Hermit seems to have somehow politically benefited in a way the team doesn’t understand.

Heat finally stumbles in, and is shocked and delighted to see Horizon CEO Gary Cline is one of the early petitioners, and arranges a lunchtime coffee via the message system. PPJ gets a mysterious pitch black missive with a cryptic warning, seemingly one of the the notes the Tourmaline Obelisk has been sending out since everyone was instructed to ignore it. He stealthily reads and pockets it. TD composes a poetic response to what they experienced the previous night, and holds it aloft hoping to send it to a relevant party. It snaps out of their hand, and travels to Niall O’Connor, who reads it and makes interested eye contact, though it is unclear if he summoned it to hand.

Aradia also gets an invite (with guests) the evening’s Ball, The Feast of Hecate, from Foggy, who lightly berates Aradia for not contacting her the previous day. They see Cline get approval for the quarterly review of Horizon’s “New Horizons” astral travel agency to continue operations, after a dense political interchange where different factional reps come out for and against it, with some hints that there is some scandalous “artifact for access” trade going on behind the scenes. Possibly to contradict this, or perhaps missing the nuance, Cline passes a “small token” of a gift to the Queen, via Foggy.

A mortal man named Greg Bright petitions for more materials for his ongoing maze outside the Castle walls, and the team catches some gossip that he stumbled into the Court through a maze a long while ago, but has lately been taken on as “the Queen’s mazemaker” as a bit of a lark. His request is approved. A few other petitioners come and go, and the Hearing’s disperse. Otters awakens to find a note, from the former Jester Garbh Filiochta, inviting the team to a Trickster’s Buffet that evening. After meeting up and confirming that the dinner won’t conflict with the Ball invite from Foggy, they plan to do both, and then split for lunch and midday investigations.

Otters and Creep head for a history library, eventually tracking it down, and begin digging further into GW/Allwings/etc. They find a bunch of intriguing 4th and 2nd World history, seemingly often having been compiled by scribes of a lost kingdom called “Barsaive”, and put together more of the story. They also find further speculation about the origins of magic, Resonance, immortals, what happened to dragons during the Downtime, as well as some hints to the Court having it’s own long, dark and traumatic history that seems to mirror the material plane’s to some degree. Of most note is that they seem to have uncovered the origins of GW’s beef with AZT, an explicit part of their job. They also discover that a dragon known as Moleskin, who is holed up under the Vatican, has been instrumental in pushing monotheism throughout recent history, with a stated goal of reuniting the “Prime Passion.”

When Heat hears about this, he decides that god is real, and maybe he will start worshipping something. The rest of the team doesn’t quite get it. Meanwhile, TD and PPJ have teamed up and headed out to seek Tarot, hoping to advance their job with Nadja, and quickly run into Niall, who seems to have been waiting for them. They trade some info, and he agrees to help them achieve some of the lower number cards they seek, as he hints that he has recently acquired some cards that he has long sought due to acquiring some of the cards the team previously lost on the plane of Carcean. He gives them some tips to a card from the Queen’s Arcana that Foggy “misplaced”, and which may be the last barrier to her full ascension given her recent success on the Moon.

Realizing that they have the 6WT equivalent card in their possession, Aradia proposes just passing that along, and they decide to run that by the team. They can always seek out the missing card, as Niall believes he knows where it is, and seems to think there will be some sort of trap or ambush, which may be why Foggy has avoided reacquiring it herself. Niall suggests they should talk further of what they witnessed in the Pendulum room also, once they’ve completed this first task. All he asks for now is that they let Foggy know that he has been her benefactor in this matter. They agree.

Heat and and Aradia have coffee with Gary Cline, and Heat is surprised/impressed to find that he has an exact equivalent fancy Turkish drip setup to the one in his LA office. Cline gives them the usual bluff, hale and hearty treatment, and seems very charming and friendly (but also pressed for time). He sets them a few tasks on the metaplanes if they’d like Horizon’s assistance further there, or if they just want to do some work, basically corporate espionage against Renraku and AZT. He provides some details, seemingly under the assumption that they’ll take the gigs, and then heads out, telling them to check in with other Horizon reps here as needed.

Aradia is a bit amused by him overall, and Heat as usual wants to get paid. The team starts figuring out plans for the evening, with some dress tips from Niall to try not to make asses of themselves. They also review the team file and compare notes to try to keep piecing everything together in the dense sea of proper nouns they have found themselves floating in.

All Wings All The Time
6/3/2024, 1:01:56 PM
Runners
Creep
The Detective
Otters aka Roadkill
Pepper Jack
Heat
Aradia

The team reviews their recent betrayal, as well as the new info they’ve learned about “The Guide”. Deciding to do their due diligence, they call up Louis Belaran and get him to run the French ID they were given by some contacts in the French Touch, as Belaran says he heard they had agents on the ground in the FRFZ but doesn’t have personal operational knowledge. He gets back to them a little while later with good news: The Guide’s story checks out with his contacts, so seems like they can keep working together. They also do a little research on the FT consortium, sort of France’s answer to an AAA megacorp in the form of a multi-tiered corp coop, and find out that FT has also been developing a Europort alternative site near Dunkirk/Lille- intrigue across the ocean!

But with nothing that gives them any particular concern they decide to move on. Heat decides to get the ball rolling on the ShadChaps locally, and sets up a 3-way call with Perri, Johnny Silver, and Kit to discuss. Kit agrees to send some reps from Seattle to help get it off the ground after being reassured that their concerns about Horizon’s level of local infiltration/presence can be manage and accounted for, JS is excited about it and onboard, and Perri says the Nexus can provide some secure matrix resources but that she is far too busy with rebuilding and protecting the VPN to take a more active role herself.

The team then makes a list of who to talk to locally to begin their investigation into GW on behalf of the Nexus. They have a few leads, both from Perri and from PPJ’s time at the IOND, so they start there, calling around to a few contacts to develop their info further. Between chatting further to Belaran at the ASPS, chatting to Simonetta Chandra at AZT, and some research, they determine that there is a local group called “The Veil” who seem to be the allies on this side of the astral barrier of the “Hearts of Zebulon”, one of the groups they wanted to research. They also confer with Dyna Mite about means of travel within the Mile High Realm, which seems easier but more chaotic than previously.

They also have a meeting with Alexis Glimmerscale, after Heat blags his way onto her schedule, a former Childen of the Dragon head who recently gained a board seat at the Draco Foundation after Nadja Daviar’s unexpected departure, which seems to also have been hushed up a bit. Glimmerscale insists on meeting at the COTD site in Stapleton, and the team finds it looking clean but a bit dingy compared to the gleaming megachurch vibes of the Church of the Dragon Reborn down the street, which is broadcasting a trid sermon backed by hip music to the adoring crowd spilling out the front.

They enter and find Glimmerscale, with some security provided by DF-affiliated mercs, one of whom Creep strikes up a chat with, and they agree to meet for drinks later. The rest of the team chat to Glimmerscale, who agrees to help them with some intel in exchange for them doing some tasks for her- she wants to know what’s up with Daviar, who exited suddenly, leaving her seat to Glimmerscale, but also allowing Rex Coll to take charge of the DF- he claims to be returning it to it’s core mission and simplifying, but Glimmerscale doesn’t trust him and also wants to know any dirt the team can dig up on him. She says that Nadja is at the Seelie Court, but wants the team to confirm that she is the “real” Daviar and not of the of -ex-Bunraku doll fixers.

They agree, and she reveals to them that she can without a doubt say that GW is NOT the second coming of Dunkelzahn, but is in fact his brother. She doesn’t know of any interactions in the 6th World, but knows that they co-existed in the 4th. The team makes plans to head for the MHR and Seelie Court, contacting Arcane to portal them over and Silver Streak to smuggle their gear to Arcane in the Hub. Arcane also tips them to there being good paydata in figuring out what is going on with the rifts, as this is what GW seems to keep sending teams in to investigate, as well as to the fact that GW has put agents out looking for some kind of artifact known as “The Ashes of the Great Tree”.

From AZT, Aradia arranges some new Shadow Cloaks for those that need them, and in exchange gets a lists of tasks to optionally perform – some bounties and retrievals, some info gathering, while on the metaplanes. The Mystics & Magicks subsidiary has a branch in the City of Steel hyperplane, which Aradia can use as a contact point as needed, as well as the Snake Mountain faction at the Seelie Court, which is how AZT operates there. Glimmerscale also, in a gesture of good faith, gives them some lightly redacted journals from a somewhat religiously-maddened dwarf mage named Christopher Toff, who seems to have either documented tales of or been present for a number of major events in recent 6th World history, as well as to have had some deeply conflicted struggles with his identity and sexuality which have been mostly edited out where they don’t overlap with critical information. They also hear rumors of the possibility of a 5th, secret local hyperplane, directly connected to GW, which seems like it could be the origin of Doublewide, the strange underground fixer that PPJ encountered on his way back from Z-Corp.

Creep goes out for drinks with the merc, Red Clay, who is an Oceti Sakowin spec ops underwater demo specialist, and who seems likely to be a drake based on how long he has lived as a Fomori and his relatively youthful (though haggard) appearance. He seems to have lived, and lived through, a lot, and seems to appreciate Creep’s earnestness amidst some of his other less likeable social foibles. They bond over explosives as well as how being “the explosives guy” on a team can come back to bite you, and Red Clay tips Creep off to a secret roving market run by an ex-merc who goes by Sapper Daddy (the patron saint of demoltionists) and can get Creep whatever he needs in Denver. They agree to meet up again when their assorted travels deposit them in the same town.

Creep uses the new encrypted chat to contact Sapper Daddy and get the location of his next pop-up, finding a very piratical man selling all sorts of explosives, so he stocks up for their astral trip. Aradia/Order of the Garter is also contacted by a new brothel in town called “Horse Play” from the owners of the Feeding Trough, a popular vegan restaurant in the Hub. They are expanding their Centaur biz concept and want to sign up for OOTG, as they’ve heard good things about it from other clubs and brothels in town. After some clarification, it seems that Horse Play will both cater to Centaur clients and offer services from Centaurs, which PPJ finds quite interesting, though he’s unsure how his cowboy attire will play. They decide to hold off for now on a visit, but Aradia sets up a meeting a little bit out to discuss OOTG biz.

The team gets a tip to the next Veil meeting, and most of them head there, with Creep hanging back and continuing to pack and collect all the necessary mission gear, as well as hang out in his Roseanne bot. The rest of them head to rural Castle Rock, and pull off at an overlook, following the trail up into the mountains as instructed. They find a small meeting, with some attendants wearing holo-masks- these seem likely to be Veil members, with some other attendees seeming like fellow newcomers, as well as Arcane, who seems surprised to see them there but greets them warmly. Some amongst them take turns telling tales of personal losses to the Rifts, whether it was a monstrous encounter they had themselves, or someone they know lost to the same, or worse yet having disappeared into one of the Rifts before they closed.

This all grinds to a halt when PPJ shares an overlong telling of Greed Monkeys stealing his helmet during a job, making the job just slightly harder and costing some money, of which he has a surplus. Heat had encouraged him to share, but it doesn’t really make him feel any better at all. The Veil gets down to biz after that, with a few of the masked members giving the spiel- Denver is unsafe, they need to either separate or stabilize the MHR to ensure Denver’s longterm safety, the cost is mostly borne by the poor and SINless as usual, and some in power locally don’t like them sharing their message. The team decide to wait on reporting on this group to AZT and/or the ASPS as requested til they know more.

Heat uses this opportunity to quietly approach one of the masked figures and get some more specific intel, hinting that they want the same things. He gets added to a secure chat but told that for obvious reasons they have to operate on a cell structure, and encouraged to take his own actions in line with their principles. He does get confirmation that they are loosely allied with the Hearts of Zebulon, as they share the goal of stabilizing or separating the two realms to keep them both from further damage and danger. The rest of the team has gotten a little suspicious of one of the other new attendees, and Aradia confirms he is a ZDF CI via mind probe, though he seems to have had some training in resisting it.

He flees, trying to call for help while Otters tries to jam him, and not sure if the message got through, they briefly debate giving chase and decide against it. tThe team decide to hightail it as well, and Heat warns The Veil via the encrypted chat about what occurred, which seems to help the team’s rep. Arcane texts them and says that having seen what happened, he assumes they may want a different way out rather than just trying to drive back up the narrow I-25 corridor to town while the ZDF is surely inbound? They agree, and he gives them some map coords completely offroad in Castle Rock, up in the mountains to the west. Good thing the van has tracks!

Back at the safehouse, Creep gets an update that he’ll smuggling all the gear and going through Arcane’s standard portal alone, as the team has to use an emergency alt option. He packs up and gets ready to meet Arcane, passing off their illicit gear to Silver Streak in a few hardcases.The team roughs it up some very rural mountains, no roads, paths or trails in sight, and then suddenly descends into a small declivity, probably only visible from directly overhead, containing a strange and archaic little village. They see a bunch of odd beings wandering about- a 2m tall, ripped, bipedal rabbit with a mushroom hat, a bark-skinned, hirsute individual who stinks of blood, and a large glowering toad-man who seems to be watching their approach.

Otters is able to ID these species and provide a little info about them as the team exits the van, and the toad converses with them- he is very dismissive of PPJ til PPJ and Aradia remember to mask, as Bugul’s hate magic and mages, notoriously. He says that Arcane told him they were coming and he will watch the van while they are gone. He instructs them to enter a specific hut in the village and ONLY that hut, and keep walking. The team does so, and finds themselves descending into a squared-off passage into the earth. They keep going as instructed with some interesting odors along the way, until they start smelling fresher air and see some glimmers of light ahead, and push up through some growth to emerge from inside a large hollow in a root ball into what looks to be a dense but charming forest.

They see a castle in the near distance, which has some geometrical oddities/impossibilities about it, but it seems that a crowd is gathering and entering through some large open gates as a bell tolls. Meanwhile, Creep has successfully reached Arcane’s facility and linked up with the gear. Arcane attempts to make some convo but is quickly and efficiently brushed off by Creep who jumps straight through the prepared portal into some woods. As the team hears crashing and Otters accidentally fires off some bio-organic crossbow bolts from her yet-stranger drone, they hear Creep call out not to shoot and all link up- impressive aim from Arcane!

They head towards the castle, abandoning one of their crates after PPJ dons his full body armor. They see an ornately carved arch composed of two figures amidst a floral motif, and also a carved skull chattering away to some interested listeners and then enter the Court, seemingly just in time for the Morning Hearing. They see all the courtiers studiously ignoring the black tourmaline obelisk floating near the entrance, and try to study it a bit, only slightly revealing themselves as gauche noobs while doing so. After a moment of worry, they confirm that it isn’t the same material as the Ordo Maximus’ mel’thelem’s, and Aradia determines that it has some element of communication and prophetic enchantments, as well as it’s obvious levitation.

They continue in, with Heat trying to make sense of the strange almost matrix once again- there’s something there but he still can’t quite grasp it! And TD taking a look at the flowing murals and floor tile mosaics seemingly depicting assorted events. One of these appears to be a duel with dramatic wounds to both participants. Looking around, the team sees that both participants are on the Queen’s dais at the front of the grand hall- one is a somewhat cruel and haughty-looking elf woman, who wears an ornately carved half-mask to cover her disfiguring facial wound, the other is an elf dressed in motley, missing an ear, seemingly the new court jester.

The team has a shocking revelation as between their knowledge and the team file, they recognize that the Jester is a vacant-looking Harlequin, out of his standard “uniform” and makeup, and seemingly instead clothed in a mockery of both. They also see a few others around the hall that they recognize, include Nadja Daviar. Heat tries and tries to get one of the little messages he sees flitting around to work for him, but is unable to do so. PPJ then tries and finds it be simple day 1 of magic school stuff, and sets up dinner with Daviar for that evening. They also spot Kami Aneki, who offers them a light lunch in his offices after the Hearing concludes. They accept.

They hear a few Court petitions, including some Ejerian worm-people being granted temporary resident status while they seek a new home, with the Queen’s cartographer suggesting they contact the City of Amphibolite, whose mapmakers may know of such a place. Some reps from a group called Convergence that the team doesn’t know asks for permission to seek future info via the Tarot, which the are granted within the confines of their own research abilities- the Queen ignores their polite entreaties to access her Arcana. And a new ambassador from the Plane of Air is introduced, who makes a point of ingratiating himself by pointing out Harlequin’s fallen position, subtly. Aradia also makes eye contact with Fogharail ke’Coille, who seems to have been elevated upon her return to Court from the Moon, and is a closer part of the Queen’s Retinue now. Foggy gives Aradia a semi-flirtatious “let’s talk” look.

Heat attempts to his new Silver Book ability to allow Otters to try to access the strange local matrix, which also doesn’t quite work, though also seems like it could if he can just nail down a few more details, but his secondary purpose was to see if anyone noticed, which a few people do, including one of the Queen’s retinue, who herself carries a large book, wears a starry night cloak, and has a golden sword. Heat is also able to see that the coimeadai he sees all seem to have some kind of almost Resonant data trail back to whatever courtier they seem to be connected to or in the retinue of. The Hearing adjourns, and most of the team head for the meeting with Aneki while Creep goes off solo to try to find a library of poetry.

He wanders for a while before getting the hang of it, a bit, though navigating this place is disturbing for him as all of his natural instincts and habits don’t seem to be accurate amidst the shifting castle. He does find a library marked with a feather pen and inkwell, and steps inside, to find two Croki busts declaiming poetry at each other while some acolytes take notes of what is said. Creep inserts himself in, delivering his own composed line, and both busts insist that their acoltye rotate them, making a poetry triangle instead of a face-off. Creep manages to carefully steer the slam towards the subject of feuding draconic brothers over many tiring rounds, and gains some useful info for the job.

It seems that GW and Dunk’s mom was a dragon, legendary in her own right, named All-Wings. And it seems like the brothers fell out over GW’s plan to resurrect his draconic lover, who was slain by dastardly human magic. There’s also a big tree somehow tied into it, though Creep misses the nuance. Some more good leads to research! Exhausted, Creep eventually makes his exit just in time to head to the Exile’s Return, one of the castle’s less prestigious feasts in a large, generic dining hall, but more welcoming to outsiders and passer-through.

Meanwhile, the rest of the team meets with Aneki, and drinks from a lovely tea-service and eats some local species sushi. It seems that in addition to their ongoing census project, Renraku has gotten into the food import/export biz big time. Aneki agrees to host the team for the night, and seems open to longer sponsorship if they wish to enter an ongoing relationship, and Heat decides not to mention that since they have Toff journals they know a lot of secrets about Aneki’s past (as well as what Aemon did to the site of his death). In return, Aneki wants the team to distract the oafish himbo and Royal Executioner Donal Viltharion from his “investigation” into Renraku’s imported Festival Foods line, as seeing him constantly eating it is making it less appealing other courtiers.

The team agrees, and having gotten some tips on Viltharion’s interests, decide to compile the info they have on the Taco Temple tarot cards, and provide him a list and description of that set, as it is another fascination of his. With that dealt with, they say their goodbye’s to Aneki for now, who gives them directions to the temporary corp housing they’ll use for the night, and they make their way over to the Exile’s Return, where they meet up with the exhausted Creep, get a quick debrief, and enter to find that Daviar has saved them some seats at one of the large banquet tables.

As advertised, this feast seems to be comprised of travellers, outsiders, and people who have been away from Court for a while, but the food is still excellent, even at this least prestigious of events. They converse with Daviar, and though they aren’t able to confirm it is for sure the “real” her she seem to at least know the right stuff and not be a full-on imposter. She also seems suspicious of Rex Coll (both her and Glimmerscale have become quite curious as to what is happening to all the live capture bounty subjects that the DF has paid out for over the years, which seems to have been Coll’s area) and wants more intel, hinting that her exit from her board position wasn’t entirely voluntary, but that she hopes to reveal her adversaries weaknesses and plans by allowing them a position of power, for now.

She also says she is seeking four specific Tarot cards due to imagery she believes is important, and says that is why she came to the Court. She says that if the team can provide her with one or more of them, she will trade in the info that they seek, or in assistance finding anything that she doesn’t know herself, and they agree. As a show of good faith, she shares that they can find more about the Ashes of the Great Tree in Dunkelzahn’s Will, another topic to research. With some good leads and a successful first day at Court, the team calls it a night.

Betrayal and Revelation
5/27/2024, 6:34:54 PM
Runners
Creep
The Detective
Otters aka Roadkill
Pepper Jack
Heat
Aradia

PPJ finally regains consciousness, having gone on a strange journey of (or outside of?) the mind, and taken on the teachings of a survivalist variant of Wolf as a mentor. He gets caught up on the mission and proactively blocks Darien Black’s number, mad that he was pulling some of the same “tough dad” moves on Heat and Otters. Fargus Sol gets back to them and reports that his sources in the IOND have reported that Serverson seems to have exited via some kind of astral gateway, possibly tied to one of the doors of the suite- once again, the magic seemed “strange”. The team compares notes and compiles a mission dossier for Perri in order to close out the job as best they can, and get paid, though she still seems not fully satisfied.

Telling her they’ll get to her next job soon, they have a team meeting, and Heat gets everyone’s approval to keep working with Hype for now, after the ShadChaps revelations from Kit. The team encourages Heat to trust Hype a bit less, but recognizes the utility of a well-placed Horizon connection, and figure they’ll just always assume he’s manipulating them a little bit. PPJ also notices that as well as the new feeling of “pack” and whatnot from Wolf, he has a vague sense of failure and disappointment in the back of his mind, but can’t quite figure out what’s going on there.

They get in touch with Niki, and get the rundown on the next job for Vishala: stealing some research from an MCT facility, happily a relatively accessible lab in Arvada, rather than one of their Zero Zones. The samples they are to steal require some special equipment to handle and transport safely, which is provided by Vishala alongside ID’s for the job, cleaning uniforms and employee badges. The team does a few days of recon and research, and makes their plan.

They track and Mind Probe some cleaning staff to garner some intel, and Heat gets a line on their dispatcher- they live in protected housing in Commerce City, which also looks to be an MCT subsid. They stock up on gear they can get in as cleaning supplies, and head in, with Heat hacking into the dispatch and sending the real cleaners to their other jobsite first. Their ID’s seem to pass muster, so they get onsite, and follow the protocol that Aradia was able to pull from one of the cleaners’ minds.

While getting into their PPE and grabbing the bigger cleaning gear onsite in the storage room, they split into 3 pairs, and Creep makes a bleach bomb for each, in case they need a distraction. They all separately work their way to the target room, spotting some different physical, mana and dual-natured wards on various modular labs that they pass, though some rooms also look to be unused. Reaching the target room, they spread out and do repetitive cleaning actions while Heat loops the two cameras that point towards the door.

Heat notices that the door is on a separate system just as Creep pops it open with a Maglock Passkey, and sees that it only holds empty shelves. An alarm goes off, and Heat hides and then flees the matrix as 4 high level MCT hackers log on. The facility lights go out, with only red emergency lights flashing. The team races away from the area, hearing the sounds of booted feet and drones deploying in facility security response. They head for the front entrance, the only clear exit through the facility’s ward, but are cut off by security forces, and Creep overhears a briefing that someone called in a runner threat, dressed as cleaners, for a team known not to take prisoners- they got set up!

They backtrack, hoping to figure out some other plan while debating if they should just surrender, since they are so underequipped as they went in stealth mode. As they see some Earth spirits starting to approach them to try to cut them off, the building rattles from a large explosion. They also hear what sounds like some combat at the entrance- an ally? or at least a distraction? Regardless, some of the team head towards the explosion, while Heat and Creep take on some guards who caught up to them- luckily they don’t have gas masks, so they fall back from Creep’s second bleach bomb.

Otters has been frantically trying to get a signal out, and unable to- they seem to be Faraday’ed. However, she finally get through to the van as a second explosion hits the east side of the building, near the parking lot, and starts pulling the van around as Aradia levitates her body away. PPJ gets into a brief fight with one of the Earth spirits trying to cut them off, but manages to flee when it is distracted by a noxious Beast spirit that races in from the East. Otters also gets a message from The Guide, offering his assistance, and suggesting they use his temporary distraction to make good their escape, and get in touch with him later.

They race towards the exit, jumping into the van just as Stick’N’Shock rounds start pinging off the walls near them as more security guards start to catch up. They flee the area, with Heat masking their signals as Creep and Otters change van camo, and Otters alternately stealths and speeds to avoid the HTR teams incoming, as well as the ZDF cordon that is dropping around the extra-territorial zone they are exiting. They get away, and call The Guide, who sets up a meeting with them to explain further- he seems to be honest with them and not be behind the setup so they agree.

Heat also calls Jonny Silver, and tells him to blacklist both Vishala and Niki, and then Otters gets a message from Niki suggesting she got attacked and had to flee, and warning them that it looks like Vishala burned them all, as she wasn’t able to get through to their comms (Faraday etc). She says she’s trying to lay low and get out of town for a bit, since whoever came after her knew too many details of her movements for comfort, and suggests the team might do the same. Heat, a bit shamfefully, calls Jonny back and tells him Niki might not have been involved after all, which Jonny says is a shame since he’s already been putting the word out- can’t put that genie fully back in the bottle!

Regardless, they need answers and Niki is unreachable and Vishala’s comm is fully a dead number, so they head out to meet The Guide. As they are suspicious, they do a bit of research and ask some probing questions, and he confirms that “The Guide” ID is kind of a floating cover, though he says he is a fan and devotee of the original Guide, who tutored Nicholas Whitebird in his youth. He confirms that he is actually working as an investigative agent for the French Touch economic consortium, who are interested in knowing more about the Free City phenomenon sweeping the continent, as well as the general situation in Denver and it’s potential alteration of it’s status as “Treaty City”.

He says Louis Belaran should be able to verify and vouch as needed, as he also has contacts in the FT, and as they like him and he seems to be telling the truth, they go with it. He asks them not to spread that info around, which they agree to, and he offers to make them whole on the the pay they didn’t get from the last job for Vishala if they give him everything they have on her, with a bonus for sensor data etc. They agree, and send it over, and he offers them an opportunity for some future revenge, as well as more pay, once he has a chance to sift through it all.

As he is so chill, he doesn’t pressure them, making clear it’s just an offer, and also suggest they get out of town for a minute, in case Vishala had a second (or more) cleanup options on deck for them. They agree, and agree to stay in touch. They decide it will make the most sense to do a little on the ground investigating in town first, and then head to the metaplanes for Perri’s job, as well as possibly doing a Resonance dive, to seek out the info on GW"s true origins and other secret history.

Checking in with the Nexus on their ongoing decryption/translation project on the Silver Book, Heat finds that they cracked a big section, explaining the history and origin or Resonance and Dissonance, which Heat relays to the group, containing a lot of strange and confusing historical facts and revelations. They learn a lot, but it also leaves them with a few more big questions, including- what ever happened to the Silver Book that can supposedly cause TM’s to emerge? A powerful item if it can be found.

They rest for now, keeping a watch at the safehouse, and prepare to seek out yet more lost intel.

Gargoyle Brawl
5/20/2024, 3:51:33 PM
Runners
Creep
The Detective
Otters aka Roadkill
Pepper Jack
Heat
Aradia

The team, with The Detective having arrived late but provided crucial leadership, manage to get the drop on the startled gargoyle-like beings that have dropped through the ceiling after the demo charge. Heat and Otters (via drone) open fire, downing both of them, and kind of disturbed to see them chip apart and shatter revealing desiccated fleshy interiors- Otters doesn’t have time to focus right now but these don’t seem like normal gargoyles, though the team does recall some recent news about a calcifying virus spreading amongst that population…

A well-placed grappling hook gets Creep up the 10th floor, and Creep looks around for a threat, sensing none, and only seeing a bunch of furniture and regular hotel stuff. Since he loves hiding in couches, he starts shooting them just in case, but no luck so far. Aradia follows Creep up, along with PPJ in full astral form, spotting that there are massive illusion spells all over the penthouse, Aradia isn’t able to make much sense beyond that but PPJ manages to follow a Mind Probe spell thread from Creep back to the caster, and launches an astral assault, assuming this is the target. Aradia and PPJ report that something bad and weird is going on with mana and channeling up on the 10th floor.

Aradia flies Heat up as while Otters finishes off the second garg downstairs, and then Aradia and Creep come under heavy attack as another 10 garg’s appear out of their illusory furniture disguises. Creep gets mobbed but manages to leap free back down to the floor below, and Aradia flits about avoiding acid spit before turning herself invisible, after confirming that the garg’s don’t seem to be dual-natured. Heat gets swarmed next and also has to leap back down, and the garg’s start piling in after him and Creep. Heat tries to access the penthouse matrix to prevent the target fleeing, but is rebuffed by what looks to be a fully Null-infected node.

Aradia, being the only one present in the astral, relays how the fight between PPJ and Fidian is going- badly! Fidian smoothly dodges PPJ’s first attempt at an attack and then slays him in 2 swift blows as Aradia watches- she tries to intervene with a spell but Fidian counters it, and then she flees astral space and retreats to the 9th floor, not wanting to be his next victim. Below, the fight with the garg’s has devolved into a brutal slog, with the team preparing to retreat after Creep shoots out a window and calls for them to flee.

Hearing a door upstairs swing open and slam shut, they fear the target is fleeing, so Heat ditches his gun and acid-shredded squirrel suit and races down the elevator to the lobby, overclocking it to try to catch Fidian there. However, once he arrives and calls Perri to update and ask for assistance, as well as warn her of the NS connection, he sees that the private 10th floor elevator is neither in use nor appears to have been used recently. Have they been tricked?

Meanwhile, upstairs, the fight has taken a turn for the worse, as Creep is also killed. Otters manages to fight a desperate retreat to the window with PPJ’s body (levitating courtesy of Aradia) while providing covering fire with the drone, which is also shortly destroyed. Aradia tricks some of the garg’s with a well-timed illusion of an additional troll combatant joining in, but it doesn’t distract them long, so Aradia leaps free, catching herself with a levitation spell, while also reckless casting levitations and invisibilities on TD and PPJ and Creep’s bodies, hoping to save them.

Otters jumps out the window and then goes startlingly limp as she goes hot into VR and catches herself with her new stealth VTOL. Aradia carries the injured and dying to a nearby rooftop and then tries to keep a magical eye out, but has a ton of spells going and is pretty distracted. Otters does some surveillance passes but doesn’t see Fidian anywhere. Heat accesses PPJ’s commlink and call Darien Black, getting a quick response after hyping some 4th World magic type mystery. Unfortunately, Heat also has to talk his way out of trouble with hotel security, who are interested in why a window on the 9th floor just exploded, so he quickly trades Hype some info in exchange for an edit to make it look like the distraction drone they crashed in earlier caused the cracks, and they only just widened enough to break.

After signing a waiver of any legal rights, they let Heat go, just in time for him to see the IOND delegation arrive, magicked-up to a significant degree, and get into a heated argument with hotel security about their need to access the 9th and 10th floors. Darien wins out, due to having some relevant connections and seemingly having called it into the ZDF ahead of time, and they eventually are allowed to head up, though a few levitate up from outside. The team all joins up on the nearby roof, where TD and Aradia try to stabilize their two downed team-mates, both of whom look likely to survive, though they are currently in a bad way.

As they watch from outside, they see some acid spray and significant expenditure of magical energy arcing about the 9th and 10th floors, seemingly the IOND fighting the surviving gargs, after which Darien angrily calls back Heat to berate him for not giving him an accurate tactical assessment of the scene, and then refusing to share any info they recover as punishment. Heat and Otters both briefly fall for the “disappointed dad” schtick before rallying.

They get Creep and PPJ back to the main safehouse to recover, paying Silver Streak a much reduced rate as they only need her to smuggle out a few items compared to what they brought in. Everyone else meets up at Aradia’s Hub bolthole for a debrief, and assesses what they know. Fidian seemed to channel magic in a weird way, as well as his techniques for counterspelling and sustaining- all unknown to the team’s mages. Also, Otters analyzes the data on the gargs, and confirms they are not Earth gargs, and appear to be metaplanar beings, though not spirits. They also look to have been put together out of assemblages of spare parts in a way that is reminiscent of both Site 000 and PPJ’s strange alterations.

They have another secure digital meet with Perri and Kludge, and report on the overall mission failure, but spin it as good data gathering. Perri admits the opposition was a lot stranger and stronger than expected, but seems let down overall. She reluctantly tasks the team with another important job for the Nexus, as she still trusts them at least. She needs them to uncover GW’s past/origins, as well as his history with Zebulon, AZT, etc and find out if they can trust him or not. Given that he’s building up a TM cult, she is concerned for obvious reasons. They accept, though due to a misunderstanding, Otters makes a bit of an ass of herself first.

Heat also gets a call from Prophetess, asking if he’s ready to join up- he says not yet, but is once again tempted, especially as they offer to “help deal with his GOD problem.” Aradia calls all the job intel into Fargus Sol, and also asks for additional info on GW, if available. They get some info from Sol about Arleesh’s true role behind the scenes in Detroit, where she suffered a grievous injury while blunting some of the worst effects of the large magitech device that was set off there. She’s still recovering, which Sol requests they keep on the DL, as noone needs word that Earth’s greatest defender is injured to leak. He does report that while she was briefly conscious, she relayed that GW’s 4th World name was “Icewing.”

He also reports that based on their data from this failed job, plus The Auditor’s coin and some studying of PPJ and other Returned, all seem to be of the same type of strange magic, capable of manipulating mana at a more base level than was believed possible. With Aradia’s input, they also confirm that the strange altered mana they encountered near the Blackout blimps is also of the same or a similar type. Something odd is afoot in Denver! They also wonder if the “gargoyle” body assemblages where part of what The Auditor was smuggling stasis bods into Denver for, and put together that Fidian seemed to be maintaining the gargs corporeal form, as Aradia noticed him dropping spells throughout the fight as the gargs took massive damage.

All in all, strange. They also relay the NS threat presence to Fargus, and he wishes them luck. Hype calls up Heat for a coffee, and Heat finishes debriefing him on the non-privileged aspects of the failed job as promised. Hype instructs Heat to try to get the Shadow Chapters up and running in Denver, since they haven’t really gotten a foothold yet, and are suspicious of corps attempting to “help”, suggesting that Heat and his team have the street cred and Seattle/Chicago connections needed. Heat agrees, and Creep and Aradia call up their old teammate Kit in Seattle.

They offer some tips and info and Seattle updates, but most importantly warn specifically against working with Hype, as he has been ID’ed as one of the Dawkins Group agents responsible for the infiltration/brainwashing of many ShadChaps members in various cities where they operate. This also explains the rumors that Otters finds online that ShadChaps missions almost never target Horizon, and seem to originate at or benefit Horizon a bit more than other corps. Given that Hype has helped them out a lot and the ShadChaps do still overall seem to be beneficial to runners once established, the team decides to think on this all more, and thanks Kit for the updates.

Otters gets a call from Niki the Gardener offering another follow-up job for Vishala, and giving a small update on her initial search for info on Project: ANIMUS (not much yet). Otters also tips Fargus and Kit off about ANIMUS, and hears rumors of some kind of trashed lab in Portugal that might have been related from around when Johnny Silver died, and rumors of deeper memory alteration tech floating around. So some leads but nothing concrete. Otters gives Niki a big cash infusion to keep looking.

Aradia, feeling slightly paranoid, wants to dig a little bit first, so they look into Vishala on the boards, and also realize noone ever looked up Fidian, the target of the failed hit. So they look him up to. Sounds like he’s some kind of mid-tier MCT “special projects” guy, which could explain some of his skills and fuckery. However, no sightings of him since the hit, so that’s maybe good? He at least seems to have gone to ground. They also find that Vishala has a decent length history of operating in the Denver region as a shadow liaison, though she seems to bounce between corp and national employers, so not of fixed loyalty. High-paying but ruthless.

With this in mind, the team calls Niki back to ask for a little more info and finds that the run will be a snatch and grab against MCT. Since they have a bone to pick with the corp anyway, they figure this is a solid plan and agree to take it on, pending fee negotiations. Niki is thrilled, as Vishala specifically requested them for the task. They also get some further intel from Sol and others on where to start looking into GW’s background and plan to go on a little astral journey after the Niki job just in case anyone at MCT is thinking about revenge, given their recent and planned activities against the corp.

The Nexus of Revenge
5/13/2024, 2:20:18 PM
Runners
Creep
Otters aka Roadkill
Pepper Jack
Heat
Aradia

Otters manages to use Morticia to spot a cloaked street sam escaping the Front Range blimp crash after some gunfire inside the passenger compartment, and then flies her off before she can get spotted by the ZDF anti-smuggling drones and VTOL’s in the area. Unsure if the figure she saw will escape, the team calls it in to The Collector as a little bonus tip, and he thanks them for it. The rest of the team slips back to the safehouse from the stadium via public transit. TD decides to take advantage of some tub time while cleaning off their disguise and goes on an opium bender for a few days.

Heat and Creep confirm that all the headware that Creep was able to salvage isn’t broadcasting or in danger of exploding, and Heat takes a look. Worried about the decent security, they decide to hire Sam Hart to do the hacking, and Otters picks them up at the safehouse and heads out to Paradise Lost in the Warrens. They get the device over to Hart, and Heat helps her gain access. She hacks quite recklessly for the team’s taste, but seems skilled and they paid upfront, so what can you do. She salvages 2/3rds of the possible to recover info on the fried tech, and sets off a data bomb on the remaining 1/3rd, blithely slapping on a stimpatch to cope with the damage.

Meanwhile, the rest of the crew meets up with Aradia a few doors down at Trinket’s shop, who has just finished with her Order’s first initiatory meeting, and can now mask her aura, which she impresses PPJ with. With the important info that data packets were being sent from the blimp to an address in Centennial, the team races over there in the van while they analyze the rest of the data, and find that there is some largely incomprehensible fragmented data about experiments, including some stuff that Hart manages to salvage from the comms buffer, which didn’t get fully wiped from the last transmission.

Combined with Creep getting a look inside 2 of the blimps, and thinking about the 5 data points they have of places the blimps were located, they piece a little bit together- it seems like the blimps are posting up at areas with some sort of active or historical conflict (2 international borders, a metaracist clinic site, an AZT sleeper cell and secret reactor, and sports stadium), and seem to be both attempting to manipulate local mana energies and also to be somehow benefiting from or interacting with that manipulation as part of their experiments.

They seem aware of the potential Resonant side effects and to be noting them, but that doesn’t seem to be the primary focus of the experiments. Also, the two blimps Creep saw had subtly different set ups, so it seems likely they are running slightly different experiments, seeking different effects, or something else along those lines. They arrive at the address the transmission were being sent to, and find a small new-build office in the tech district engulfed in raging flames. Drones and spirits are keeping it from spreading nearby structures as a Fire spirit stands and watches approvingly.

Heat approaches the ZDF cordon and cons his way into talking to the lead onsite- an arson investigator, who quickly eliminates him as having started the blaze, but also seems very suspicious of him until she decides he seems to just be talking out of his ass. Heat is a little confused about what happened, until Aradia goes in to talk to the investigator and clears things up. Essentially, Heat’s con was based on an implausibility, since no bodies were recovered onsite (the Fire spirit seems to be emergency search and rescue for such occasions). Also, since Heat claimed to have only ever met in person, and to not have a commcode, and since everyone the investigator has found has only dealt with the building’s tenants via matrix, his story didn’t quite hold up. Luckily he played it off as if he was actually having an embarassing affair, so good save.

PPJ chats up the Fire spirit, who confirms that there is an illegal dig under the building, and Aradia gets approval from Peregrine to exchange some info, and tips the investigator to the blimp connection. She in turn tips the team to an illicit server farm in the illegal basement under the building, which was listed as a shared digital workspace site in development. The basement equipment had apparently tapped into matrix hardlines running under the street through the illegal basement, and when Heat takes a look in the matrix, he can see that the local infrastructure is wrecked from fire and digital damage, but he catches a glimpse of retreating vines- it seems that once again, the Null Sect is involved!

Worried about this development, but not wanting to fully tip their hand, Aradia tells the investigator to get some TM’s onsite to analyze the damage later and let them know if they find anything. While heading back to the safehouse they have a quiet conversation about the elevated risk involved in this new revelation, and also think back to some of what the NS got up to in Detroit and what they might be up to here. They also get a call from The Collector, who says that in return for their sharing of intel with him, he has some for them: the ork sam that Otters tagged with the HERF drone, who escaped across the OS border, got nabbed by Wildcast special forces, since his camo was glitching out.

He was apparently quite cooperative once they made clear they weren’t planning to kill or torture him, and gave a freelance merc ID, out of Hong Kong. He said he wasn’t sure if the other sam had the same instructions, but his contract was to take out the rigger, then the mage, then the other sam if any had survived and capture seemed likely. If escape was possibly that was preferable. He also confirms that they took mandatory Laës doses at the end of each workday when they purged the comms buffer and internals. He seems pretty blasé about it all, as he recalls the contract he signed, along with the hefty payday promised after, but can’t recall the hirer or details of their actual task.

The Wildcats took a thorough look with magic in exchange for setting the merc free, and confirmed that it was a deep and impressive mind-wipe, of a level beyond currently known tech. This sets the team off a bit, as it sounds similar to what happened to Otters, so Otters fills The Collector in a bit, and TC offers to look into it further, as his curiosity is also piqued. Otters tells him of the name “ANIMUS” that she heard, and he says it isn’t familiar but is a useful lead. They call in to Peregrine and arrange to meet in a secure booth downtown at Club Charybdis.

They link up, traveling across the swirling dance floor to a whirlpool booth, with good jamming and white noise. The team still insists on full matrix off for Peregrine and his bodyguards, which they do. The team then fills them in, and quickly has to reassure a stressed Peregrine that it doesn’t seem like the NS is setting up for another Detroit-style Blackout, but that they certainly could be building towards something. They give him the full debrief, including their surmises about the manavoltaic rods. He fills them in about some 4th World tech, including the Orichalcum Theran magical battery pillars that have been found in a few locations, most recently turning up in the failed dragon ritual under Boston a few years back.

So the team wonders if the NS or whoever they may be working with may be planning some sort of “magical blackout” and storing up magic ahead of time or figuring out how to manipulate and generate energy and or magical energy from increasing friction in both mana and meatspace. Regardless, Peregrine seems to consider this mission success, though he says they will likely work together again, as he doubt this is the end of it. He pays up, including the bonus for keeping it out of the news, which just covers the amount they paid Horizon to keep it out of the news.

The team heads back to the safehouse after some friendly drinks with Peregrine, and chills and rests up. They get a link to a secure Nexus meeting room on comms the next day, and most of them head in, finding Perri’s avatar and a somewhat glitchy e-ghost of Cap’n Kludge waiting for them. Kludge seems kind of out of it, so Perri leads the briefing, telling them that the Nexus has been able to determine who hired the hit squad that took out Kludge (this apparently overlapped with a matrix attack on the Nexus that they barely managed to fend off, and may have been part of what was distracting Kludge from watching for a physical threat).

They want the team to take this hirer, Fidian Serverson, out, but warn that he is likely to be hardened target. They give the team his location but say they’ll need to do further recon themselves. However, they confirm that they reached out through some mutual contacts and confirmed that this almost for sure isn’t GW making another move on the Nexus, and as he dislikes others making major power plays in his town, the Nexus should be able to keep the ZDF’s off the team’s back on this job so long as there’s no collateral damage or large explosions.

They head to the Hub to start scouting it out, while Heat starts doing some research on a side part of the job- there’s been some TM’s going missing, including some lower level Nexus members, but no word of experiments or snatch squads, so Perri worries this Serverson making some kind of additional move and want to find out what’s going on. PPJ rents a hotel room across the street from the target’s hotel, with a few to the front entrance, and Creep and Otters get a room on the floor below the target’s penthouse suite in the target’s hotel.

They do some scanning and investigating, including bringing Aradia in posing as a magical sex worker to do an astral scan, and she spots a reasonably strong ward, with a feature she’s never seen before: it seems to have a large roving eye on it’s surface, which seems to be looking for interlopers. She avoids getting spotted, and pretending to be freaked out calls it in to building security, who confirm that the penthouse gets to do it’s own security at the guest’s discretion, and confirming that the current tenant has done so. So the team shouldn’t have to deal with hotel security if they keep the fight out of the rest of the hotel.

Heat explores social options of approach, chatting up waiters, concierges, and bartenders in the lower levels of the hotel. The target seems to get room service brought up and dishes brought back down via the single private elevator to the suite, but hotel security, and never has guests or leaves the suite. So lacking other good ways in and assuming there will be defenses or traps in the foyer outside the elevator, they decide to breach in throw the ceiling of their room and surprise assault.

First though, Heat has some leads on the missing TM’s- something about “Followers of the Ancient Way”. Following up some more leads, Heat spots that among the missing is ViralVixen, the young TM who was coerced into giving the kill squad access to Kludge. Wondering what went down there, Heat calls Cat, a little suspicious, and gets intel that Cat passed VV along to an old contact named SilveryK, a former Nexus admin who said she could put VV to work in a way that apparently felt appropriately redemptive to be tempting. Cat passes along a message to SilveryK, who has really dropped off the radar, publicly. However, some of the team recognize the name- she was the admin who originally negotiated peace between GW and the Nexus upon GW’s emergence in the 2060’s. However, she’s been missing since GW turned on the Nexus a few years back.

She calls Heat back, and says she goes by “Prophetess” now. She invites him to come see what they’re up to, and promises he can leave after if he doesn’t wish to join, though she insists he come alone without knowing where he’s going, as she doesn’t trust outsider, especially given the past activities of some on his team. Otters is concerned that anyone else knows about “that”, but Heat agrees to go along with it, though he is spooked, and makes the team promise to follow him and make sure he doesn’t disappear. PPJ stays behind to keep an on the hotel (which he considers the real job) telling Heat it was nice knowing him.

The next day, Heat gets a message with a pickup intersection and heads over, with Otters, Creep and Aradia stealthily trying to follow in the van. Unfortunately someone spots them and disables them with a massive Opium Den spell (TD is mad they stayed in the tub and missed it), and manages to clean up the astral sufficiently before they come to that Aradia can’t magically track the caster. Also, Heat is gone and not showing up on the TacNet.

Heat has been blind-folded, bundled into a Faraday’ed caged VTOL, and flown off. He has no idea where he is, but emerges in a battle-scarred ruin, possibly underground, with a bunch of TM’s wearing comfortable clothes seemingly working on clearing, cleaning and rebuilding. He is greeted by an older woman who introduces herself as Prophetess, and says she’ll give Heat a minute, which he quickly needs, as he detectds the cleanest, most stable Resonance Well he’s ever seen. Even his initial skepticism of this “cult” fades as he can’t find any trace of Dissonance or deceit- just pure, clean, powerful Resonance energy.

He doesn’t want to risk diving or trying to sneak a message out, and converses with Prophetess for a bit- she asks him to join the Temple of the Old Way, and though he is a bit tempted, he says he wants to think about it, and she says she won’t force him. He asks after their mission, and she says she must be a bit vague if he won’t join, but confirms that they have a powerful patron (“the Prophet of the Seed”) who ensures their safety and protection in return for them protecting his digital assets and ensuring their security. She says they will go more public once they finish rebuilding the Temple, and learn more secrets of “the Seed”, which perks up Heat’s interest further.

Heat asks to leave and is freely allowed to, with a mask in a VTOL again. ViralVixen sees him out, and confirms that she wants to be here, asking Heat why he’d want to keep risking his life out on the streets when he could be safe and nurtured here, with powerful Resonance stable and available at his fingertips. Once again slightly tempted, Heat still leaves. He gets dropped off near where he was picked up, still with no idea where he was, and reports in. The team pieces together that he was likely at one of the old abandoned Nexus sites, as they had heard rumors of a stable Resonance Well that Nexus TM’s called “the Temple”.

Calling it into Perri, she confirms that this may be the old Nexus Alpha site, and that the patron is almost surely GW, so the team is reassured that at least the target of their planned hit doesn’t have a massive TM force at his beck and call. Perri seems to consider the bonus part of the job done for now, and pays the extra fee as promised. The team stocks up on explosives and the like, and pays Silver Streak to smuggle their illicit gear into the Hub again. They set up on the 9th floor, with PPJ locking himself in the bathroom and going astral. Otters picks up a new stealth VTOL from Dracula, and Heat buys a squirrel suit to match Creep’s.

Aradia uses a new spell to cast a silence bubble over the ceiling, as Otters crashes a cheap rigged drone into the outside of the building, causing a large stunt explosion that’s visually impressive but not damaging. Creep blows the ceiling, which goes to plan, dropping the ceiling while the distraction explosion outside explains any errant noise or rumbling. The team is surprised as 2 stony-skinned large gargoyle-like entities crash through into the room where the team is waiting to breach, and everyone prepares to fight!

Blimp Heist
5/6/2024, 8:13:17 PM
Runners
Creep
The Detective
Otters aka Roadkill
Pepper Jack
Heat
Aradia

With Creep and PPJ joining the team onsite via remote control ride on Heat’s moto, Creep swaps out with Aradia, taking over the invisibility and levitation spells, and slowly ascending, with Otters racing Heat (in the VTOL) and the HERF roto-drone up to match at the last minute. Unfortunately, they seem to have a mage aboard who spots Creep, and Aradia is unable to move him fast enough to get him out of the way before he is KO’ed by 2 shots from rifles that deploy from firing ports in the blimp sides.

As Otters gets the drones in position and Heat opens it up to approach the door, some spirits start manifesting and attack- an Earth spirit crowds in with Heat and attacks him, trying to engulf him, while Heat frantically quick draws and fires his sidearm at it. Luckily it’s hard to miss at least! Two air spirits also attack the VTOL, which Otters frantically flips and rolls out of the way. Otters opens fire on the blimp with Stick’n’Shock, and seems to glitch out it electrics.

She also manages to take out the two air spirits as Heat takes out the Earth spirit. Unfortunately, the final spirit, a fire spirit, manifests in the van and quickly takes out Otters, who flatlines while Aradia frantically tries to safely bring Creep back down and also heal Otters from both drone damage and spirit attack. PPJ buffs up, jumps in the astral and disrupts the fire spirit, watching for more magical threats. The team is horrified as the opposition uses this chance and nearly destroys the van, and Aradia races Creep back up to magnet to the blimp after a stimpatch gets him back up.

Heat uses a grenade to blow a hole in the side of the blimp, which is descending faster, especially after the blimp gunners shoot out their tether cable (across the border) which seemingly forces the ZDF sniper team’s hands, who open fire on the blimp’s gas envelopes, broadcasting an announcement about an anti-smuggling action. Creep crawls in the hole, gets a quick look inside, shoots at one of the gunners, and then is quickly KO’ed again and kicked out of the side of the blimp.

Heat quickly dives after him, after the gunners also destroy the VTOL in midair (with Otters still out). Heat dives for Creep, firing a desperate final grenade into the blimp. The two sams jump free and everyone is free faaaaaalling. Otters, finally awake again via Aradia and PPJ’s ministrations, manages to fry the electronics on one of the sams with the HERF drone, and as the ork flails and fall, his team-mate frags him with a grenade as he wingsuits away across the border, though Otters manages to tag him with the HERF just before he crosses, messing up his active camo.

Heat really focuses and manages to deduce some sky-diving from first principles, and slams into Creep, catching hold of him and managing to barely hang on as Creep’s chute auto-deploys. Heat rotates to take the hit as they land, as Creep is nearly dead, and Otters scoops them up in the van. The ZDF tells them to clear the area, seemingly non-plussed as to how well their plan went off. The team heads back to the safehouse, with Heat really wanting to race off and seek out the other blimps before they can move or change security, but the team needs to rest.

PPJ and Creep almost get in another fight, halted by Creep passing out again from stimpatch comedown. They decide to call it a night and rest up, though Heat does some research as he can’t sleep. Reviewing the footage Creep got inside the blimp, he sees a rigger (unconscious or dead, likely from biofeedback), a mage (seemingly killed in the grenade and/or crash) and the two street sam gunners. There’s also a ton of weird electrical equipment, and some slots that look like they could hold manavoltaic rods, which are missing. There’s also what looks like a modded version of the SpriteLok boxes they saw in Detroit.

When everyone else wakes up, they take a look as well, and Creep confirms this looks like almost an electrical substation worth of equipment, but with some weird manatech components he can’t quite ID. PPJ goes off to astrally scout the blimp in Front Range, and finds a busy Uni campus, a mana-shielded blimp hovering overheard, plugged into some more large equipment that he doesn’t recognize when he briefly manifests. Returning to his bod, he describes it to Creep and the others, who confirm is it more electrical stuff- as a research campus, they probably have major power needs, and also are in a relatively isolated area. Otters and Heat also piece together that there is an old smuggler layover with a power and recharging tap into the Oceti Sakowin grid, which seems to be where the blimp near the border was tethered.

So all the blimps seem to be hooking up to “secret” or high-powered but isolated electrical systems, that are likely not under Shiawase’s control yet, as they slowly move to take over the grid. Otters also spots that the gear that the blimp crew was using is a combo of MCT and Renraku stuff, all recent model years and good quality, but fairly anonymized by virtue of wide use. PPJ also says the mage was similarly anonymous- classic Hermetic style, generic elemental spirits, little to distinguish. Aradia splits off to do her initiation with her order. The rest of the team heads over to Front Range, and finds a ZDF interdiction in place, with a “shelter in place” order on campus.

Heat approaches, fast talks past the guard trying to brush him off, and then manages to socially over-power the onsite negotiator, even after they recognize the team as the crew from the previous day, when they kinda blew it and nearly contributed to an international incident. Good thing Heat is good at this stuff! They agree to let the team take a shot at getting aboard, after Heat promises no explosion or crashes on campus. Unfortunately, the team hadn’t been counting on the ZDF to go along with this, so Creep had already snuck onto site and started scaling the invisible tether.

He quickly gets spotted by the blimp crew again once he’s ascended above any nearby objects, and he gets shot again before retreating. The blimp shoots off it’s tether again and flees, with ZDF spirits giving chase, quickly learning to attack from above, while ZDF gunners target enemy spirits that emerge before they switch to astral. Otters sends Morticia to stealthily follow and try to get any intel at all. The rest of the team takes public transit into the Hub, and finds that the 3rd blimp has already crashed in the big sports stadium. Thinking quickly, PPJ does some obnoxious distraction while Creep scouts it out and TD and Heat get into disguise and Heat does some digital forgery.

Posing as insurance adjusters, Heat and TD bluff their way in, agreeing to ZDF escort as long as they can assess the damage. They carefully use these distractions to pull ZDF guards and spirits away from Creep as he sneaks into the crashed blimp and looks around- similar, though subtly different, to the other one. Unfortunately fully powered down either intentionally or from the crash, so nowhere good to place a data tap, so he just cuts the head off the rigger and takes it out with him. He hides in a dumpster and scrapes as much flesh and bone as he can off the headware, which is looking gnarly but at least not a full head to carry back to the safehouse on the train.

TD and Heat manage to make their exit, but burn the SINs they used. PPJ just leaves after running out of conversation, he was also providing useful tips to Heat about how to talk to some of the ZDF spirits about manasphere stuff. Otters remains out in Front Range watching via Morticia as the ZDF spirits bring down the blimp short of the PCC border, and sees some large border patrol VTOL’s approaching. The team call The Collector to ask if this is a PCC/NAN opp, which he says it isn’t, as far as he knows, but he appreciates the intel.

Blackouts and Blimps
4/30/2024, 12:53:34 PM
Runners
The Detective
Otters aka Roadkill
Heat
Aradia

After some quick discussion, the team agrees to meet up with Peregrine and talk about looking into some strange blackouts which occurred the previous night. He tells them to meet him at a Hub club, and although everything on the way to the Hub seems to be powered and working, there’s a stressed out mood in the air as rumors spread. Aradia makes some calls, and gets ahold of some contacts in the Warrens who report that they’re on backup generators as the power is still out there. She also makes plans to initiate soon with members of her new Order. PPJ is still sorting through some feelings and figuring out his new “ronin” identity, so plans to sit this one out, not having the same traumatic Blackout response as some of the Detroit survivors. Creep goes the opposite route and stays behind to hide in a couch and fortify the safehouse.

Otters, taking precautions, stocks up on batteries on the way, finding the shelves a bit depleted as paranoia spreads. They find Peregrine waiting at the club, concealed in a booth inside an AR/trid whirlpool, while the stressed out owner berates staff about their “Blackout plan” in case things gets worse. It’s early enough in the day that there aren’t many patrons, and Otters hangs back to keep an eye out for trouble, clocking most of the club’s attendees as plain clothes security (whether for Peregrine or the club). Peregrine explains he’s been scratching the itch to travel since Detroit but has been in and out of Denver, amongst other places, and that he wants to know the who/what/why/how of the current blackouts and end them or prevent more from happening. Otter is still unable to figure out what exactly feels mysterious about Peregrine, or what it means.

The team agrees, and Heat as usual over-performs on negotiation, which Peregrine seems to find charming. He offers a bonus if they can keep whatever they uncover out of the news, and explains that he has word that there will be other teams also looking into this (unsurprisingly) so the team doesn’t have full informational control. He gives them two sites that seem good to start investigating, where there are still ongoing effects. They head back to the safehouse and load the van up with drones and mission gear, and head out, with Heat taking his newly tricked out moto (having finally let Otters remote drive it to her mechanic for some essential stealth upgrades).

They head to Archer Heights first- reviewing the team file, they find that this is the metaracist district in which the genocidal Paladin Health Clinic was based, before the old team helped shut that down. The medical facility has since been taken over by Catholic Hospitallers, who still run outreach into the Warrens, and a lot of the “official” Warrens services are provided through pipelines running through this district. They have an uncomfortable moment glancing around the van and seeing that the whole crew on this job is human, and realizing they can probably just blend in amongst the bigots, if they go along a bit. They plan to leave Otters in the van given her lack of skill at deception.

Upon entering, they see that the whole gated community is blacked out still, which locals are using as an excuse to grill out, with kids running around eating melting ice cream. Very Rockwell’s “America”. Aradia notices something is deeply weird and off with local mana space but can’t quite make sense of it, and given many human supremacists aversion to magic as well, doesn’t want to ask around about it here. She instead makes general conversation with a larger group of locals, pretending to be interested in moving to the area given its “unique culture”. She hams it up, going along with assorted levels of bonkers conspiracy theories about what causes the Blackouts (dragons, immortal Elves, aliens, and other more obscure options all being popular).

She does however get some intel about a blimp that was parked, hovering, near the Paladin clinic complex, that noone has seen this morning. It seems like it was lightly camouflaged, so Otters can’t fully determine which model and what mods are on it but narrows it down a bit. Aradia also spots a tiny, barely visible, stealth-coated cable in a high quality image a local teen snapped of it yesterday, and which none of the locals seem to have noticed. Heat has split off on his bike, and follows the cable in the image to a closed and barricaded side entrance to the hospital complex, and after digging around for a bit, finds a snapped tether cable, which looks to have some different filaments running through the center of unusually thick insulation. It also is still running into a freshly bored hole in the side of hospital next to the closed entrance.

Heat heads around front and fails to talk his way in from the main entrance, foiled by some elderly Catholics befuddlement at what he wants. Otters and the rest of the team arrive at the side entrance, stealthily, and continue investigating. Aradia is able to tell that one of the filaments in the cable is Orichalcum, and that this area is the center of the mana ebb she’s been feeling, though it doesn’t help her identify the other odd astral sensations. Otters slips some drones in through the cable hole, and they spot a freight elevator, follow the shaft down, and find one set of doors at the bottom propped slightly open by the thick cable running inside. Following it in, the drones spot what looks like a ruggedized commlink case bolted to a larger power grid panel- it seems this is the control room for the utilities running from this district into the Warrens.

Heat comes back around the side and touches the cable end, using it to hack into the device it is connected to in the basement, and sees that it’s just an off the shelf hardened comm anyone could buy for some off-road/back country style expedition, from an outdoors store. So no good clues there. But it is only running a single program and only has default defenses, so he hacks in. He barely manages to get a copy of the program before the device reboots and wipes itself to factory settings, having detected his intrusion. Analyzing the program, he sees that it seems to be a legal but ultra-specialty program for managing power grids/massive energy flows, and seems to have been left set in a “throttle” setting whenever the cable was cut or torn.

As he reports this, the team sees lights and power start to return in both the Warrens and Archer Heights, and make their way out of the district before anyone can ask any questions, heading for the second site to the south, in Co Springs. Arriving, they find a donut area of power outage, though when asking around, it seems like this was a power surge that blow out a bunch of overloaded small devices and transformers, rather than a lack. the center of the donut is a private school complex the this small, exclusive, primarily working class neighborhood is centered around. The school’s power is still on, so that seems like a good place to start looking, especially after a bunch of locals reports that some others were already asking around and headed there, and that there was until yesterday a blimp hovering over the school sports field, providing trid broadcasts, scores, replays and the like in exchange for a spot to tie up “for repairs”.

Noone seems to know whose blimp it was, who was doing the repairs, or who made the deal in the first place, it was a nice feature for a week and now it’s gone. The team heads over the school and drone scouts the area, finding that it’s empty (it being a sunday) other than maintenance staff. However, the maintenance seem unusually well-deployed, though not armed or cybered-up. They also don’t seem magical, though Aradia spots an artfully cast “eyes of the pack” spell on all of them. They eventually ID two plain-clothes people who do have some ‘ware, who seem to be in charge, and doing some matrix recon, Heat spots that they all seem to be rocking AZT brand gear, rare in these parts, given GW’s violent antipathy. Heat also sees there’s some sort of unusual local Resonance effect which seems to have attracted some Sprites and other e-life to the area.

Aradia reports that the magic is weird again, with some similar unidentifiable sensations, but with the opposite effect- this appears to be an area of strong mana flow, and Aradia reports that spellcasting might be a little wild or overcharged. She also calls Simonetta Chandra to ask about AZT opps in the area, trying to avoid an unnecessary fight. Chandra tries to stay dominant but Aradia decides enough is enough and lays it on thick with the intimidation, which Chandra seems to find perversely pleasing. She makes some calls, and tells the team to head in- their operatives on site have been told to cooperate, so long as the team also shares what they know. Aradia is able to big dog hard enough to leave those parameters somewhat loose.

They head in and meet the AZT plain clothes team, who show them where the cable was tethered, and some of the sharp-eyed team members spot a carefully patched hole that looks to have been recently drilled through the concrete floor and then repaired. They ask to see the basement, and the AZT guys insist on calling it in again, and then after it is approved, make the team give them some info and assurances first. Then they bring them downstairs, where they find the other two AZT plainclothes operatives- a techie working on some panels in a large control room behind a (formerly) hidden door in the otherwise normal school basement, and a mage named Aguilar who introduces himself as team lead. Aradia sees that a bloody mirror image spirit of him seems to be the entity maintaining the spell outside, and recognizes it as a fairly powerful blood spirit.

Otters is quickly able to tell from the control room that they are likely sitting on top of a secret, small nuclear reactor, and Aguilar confirms that AZT has left some various surprises around town after having been forced to “pull out”. Otters starts looking around with TD, and they find on the back of the power flow control panel where another one of the ruggedized commlinks was bolted on, though it’s gone now- this extraction seems to have gone a lot smoother. Aguilar is dissatisfied with the amount of info the team is sharing with his team, feeling they aren’t holding up their end, and tries to pry further, including having his blood spirit attempt some magical interference. Heat manages to shrug it off as Aradia defensively counterspells for the team jic. They also teamwork intimidate about the major AZT secret they now know and how it would be unwise to further start stuff with them. Aradia gets a hard look from Aguilar in response but he seems to have orders from above and lets them go.

To make a peace offering, they send a little data packet on some of what they uncovered in Archer Heights to Chandra, who seems perfectly happy with how everything went and warns Aradia she’s made an enemy out of Aguilar, texting some popcorn emojis as well. Reviewing what they know, the team starts to wonder if that shipment of manavoltaic rods they intercepted was either used in this experiment (or whatever it is), or if they were meant to be and that was part of why the two areas had such different results. Regardless, they got much better images of the blimp this time from the AZT team, and Otters is able to ID it, give them a rough idea of crew complement., and spot some mods. They head back to the safehouse to rest after a long day, and Otters sends Morticia out to stealthily fly around looking for more of the blimps, since with their best guess of timeline there must be at least two.

Heat wakes up the next day and spends much of the morning on deep matrix research, scanning MeFeeds and messageboards for any trace of blimps as well. Between him and Morticia, they locate three- one out near a DU Research Campus in Front Range, one out on the Oceti Sakowin border in Brighton, and one hovering over one of the main stadiums downtown, providing much boosted entertainment to the masses. They decide to go after the rural one first, and head towards the border. Doing some scouting as they close in, they spot a ZDF sniper/observation team watching the blimp, which is tethered juuuuuust barely on the Denver side. They spot some Wildcat teams on the opposite side of the border, similarly concealed and observing. Morticia is able to spot another stealthed cable running down to the OS side of the the border, though it’s unclear if either side’s forces are aware.

As they watch, some kileg lights along the border flicker and go out, before powering back on to the hum of some generators, so they decide they better do something before an international incident kicks off. Aradia manifest near the ZDF team and announces herself, which startles them though they play it off well. She says she has a team on hand who is going to deal with the blimp, allowing the ZDF some plausible deniability without them having to take action this near the border, and after sending out a comms relay drone and running Aradia’s street name and cred, they agree surprisingly quickly. Aradia heads back to the van, and they decide against trying to contact the Wildcats, hoping they can keep everything on this side of the border. They prepare their assault, with Aradia levitating invisibly and Heat loading into a fully stealthed VTOL to make their approach, while Otters and TD provide support from the van.

Next up: blimp heist!

Pro Gear Pro Attitude
4/22/2024, 11:14:03 AM
Runners
Creep
The Detective
Otters aka Roadkill
Pepper Jack
Heat
Aradia

The team races over to Centennial, taking a quick assessment of if they need any further gear en route. PPJ hops in the VTOL and Otters zips him and a slightly slower Morticia over to the lab site. On arrival, PPJ is able to spot the mana barrier and guards in place as promised by Niki the Gardener, with Heat confirming, and getting the team MARKs on the system as well as getting their offsite contract mage to add them to the approved list for the mana barrier. PPJ also spots someone messing around with a side door, but can’t see them in physical space via drone sensors.

The drone then comes under attack in the matrix, and Heat leaps to remote defense, tracing the Resonance Spike back towards a group of 3 runner types hiding nearby. Heat attacks their TM, who then pulls the whole opps team offline given Heat’s intense assault. Morticia arrives on scene just in time to spot evidence of that opps team slipping in through the bypassed side door under cover of an illusion. She also hears some music approaching- seemingly two sources blasting the opening strains of “Ride of the Valkyries”. Otters sends her higher up to try to spot the potential second incoming threat, as the van arrives on scene.

Meanwhile, PPJ has tried to blast the stealthy opps team with a Manaball, but unfortunately overcasts it, causing a rift to tear open, which seems to divert his spell, emitting 4 strange monkeys. Otters, through VTOL sensors, says these aren’t earth monkeys, and rolls the VTOL to try to throw them off, partially succeeding, and also dodging some SNS fire from the stealthy team as they slip past, causing her to pull the VTOL back to safety. Unfortunately, one of the monkeys manages to magically compel PPJ to hand over his helmet, after which they all depart back through their rift, with it snapping closed behind them.

Creep hops out and follows the stealthy opps team in, with PPJ getting dropped out of the VTOL and following. Otters parks the van just outside the door and pops thermal smoke to get some cover, as well as firing up a jamming field with some dedicated channels for team comms and deploying the HMG. Heat instructs the guards inside about the intrusion of the side door team, and then reboots the system to clear any hacks in place, though this also shuts down the guards’ comms and biomonitors.

Morticia spots the sound source- two vans (looking like classic rigger vehicles) with multiple heat sources inside, racing towards the lab. The music seems to be coming from inside. Aradia steps in to add some confusion, and makes a large scale illusion out front of a ZDF patrol setting up a defensive perimeter. Creep and PPJ, inside, keep hearing the sound of SNS ammo and taser fire from ahead, seemingly the opps team working their way through the guards, though they notice that the guards are all KO’ed rather than killed. Creep switches to non-lethal in response and tells PPJ to do the same.

Outside, the two vans come into visibility, and Moriticia and Heat team up to get Otters a targeting solution so she can effectively blind fire from inside the smoke cloud. Aradia casts another spell, a large sense of Foreboding, in the van’s path. The van’s race forward, sending out two roto drones which open fire on the illusory cops with Ex-Ex. They also start deploying long boarding ramps from their roofs, via an opened top hatch. However, they both suddenly brake when they hit the Foreboding area, causing the two motorcycle riders who are launching themselves up the ramps, firing grenades as they go, to somewhat botch their angle of approach.

They do blow out the windows on the second floor and crash through them, but seem to trash their bikes in the process, and Heat manages to take their launchers offline JIC. Otters takes out the two roto-drones with remote targeted HMG bursts, and opens up on one of the vans. Between that and the spell effects, the vans retreat, abandoning their moto-riding teammates. Meanwhile, Creep and PPJ have finally caught up to the stealthy team, having found 6 KO’ed guards on the way, and spot a number of taser darts in the other team’s armor.

Creep nails one of them (probably the hacker?), sending them sprawling, after which the street same takes a cover position over their injured teammate and suppresses the stairwell door where PPJ and Creep are taking cover, Creep gets tagged and injured by SNS. PPJ decides to go lethal, ignoring Creep’s requests not to escalate, and launches a mana ball at the opps team- this does distract their mage from trying to get through the high force mana barrier, which they seem to be having some trouble with as it is stronger than they were told (from what Creep can overhear). The mage manages to counter some of the force of PPJ’s spell, but it does go off and does some damage, after which the mage shouts to their team that PPJ is trying to kill them and the other team also escalates to lethal.

The moto pair also charge down the hallway, opening fire into the staircase, but Creep and PPJ manage to dodge into cover, and are then forced to run for it as a number of grenades come flying in from the stealthy team. Creep dashes back down the stairs, where he links up with the Mule that Otters finally sends in, while PPJ charges forward, towards the moto team. Aradia and Heat levitate up to the blown open second floor windows and enter there, with Heat sneaking around the opposite side to the moto team and Aradia sneaking up to help PPJ.

With the system finally rebooted and cleared, Heat orders the guards at the front entrance to reinforced them, and they race up the elevator, and are then all KO’ed by some placed flashbang grenades set up in a shaped charge trap. The stealthy team calls a retreat, and races for the elevator, chucking some grenades towards the corner again to cover their retreat against the two other teams- with how the grenades bounce and how everyone tries to flee, PPJ ends up entangled with the two moto goons, as they ran into him when he tried to blast them with a fire grenade. They all get caught in the explosion, but luckily PPJ is on the bottom of the pile, so although his armor is shredded and he is nearly killed he does survive.

Heat gets a stealthy tracking dart shot off on the opps team leaving in the elevator, though one of them seems to notice. They head out the side door, with Heat telling the guards to hang back, and Otters backing the van off and broadcasting a “good game!” message towards the door. They momentarily panic and pause when they emerge into smoke cloud and comms signal, but then continue exiting. Heat tracks them til around a block away and then loses signal, but Aradia has confirmed that the mana barrier hasn’t been pierced so should be all good.

Creep goes over to help PPJ up and executes one of the two incapacitated moto goons, and Aradia (accidentally) tortures the other one to death with an Agony spell, which he seems to have been in a bad enough state to succumb to the illusory damage caused. Heat scrapes their commlinks and finds that they were brought in for the job from out of town by the riggers, who Otters ID’s as being a pair that always work in tandem who go by Agatha and Christie. The moto goons were given code names for the job, but seem like classic pink mohawk types.

Heat thinks the other team is a pro local crew, and plans to reach out to them later, especially after he finds they left an RFID message by the door in response to Otters’ broadcast. They find that 4 of the guards have been killed (KO’ed and then caught in grenade blasts and crossfire) but the others all survived, TD gets the remaining guards moving to start waking people up, patching holes, packing bodies, and getting the facility resecured. One of the guards tells TD that cremation benefits are included in the job, so they stack the dead alongside the building, and a branded morgue van quickly arrives for pickup.

Heat calls Niki and reports in on the job, she tells them to hang tight and they’ll be by shortly to get everything back up and running. A limo pulls up out front shortly thereafter, and Niki and Vishala step out. PPJ, badly wounded and looking rough, casts an illusion to make himself appear clean and fresh, but Vishala seems to see right through him and he wilts a bit. Otters tries to subtly help pull other people’s bone fragments out of his face. Heat has better luck, lightly flirting with Vishala, though he fails to convince her to hang out.

However, she seems thrilled with the results, as is Niki, and the team gets paid, with an offer of an optional bonus if they can find out who hired the opps team(s). The team packs up and departs, with Otters pausing to pass some of her pay back to Niki, asking her to look into “Project: ANIMUS” on her behalf, and telling her to be careful while doing so. Back at the safehouse, Creep lays into PPJ for switching to lethal, as it put Creep in more danger without his consent. TD intervenes to dig deeper on Creep’s feelings and also on the efficacy of some of his proposed esoteric punishments.

PPJ defends his actions, in that he only has lethal area effect spells and he needed to get the mage distracted from bypassing the barrier, and it worked. Heat and Otters jump in on the side of professionalism. They all debate for a while, and Aradia does some forum research, finding a variety of different popular “runner codes” which seem to all lend support to the various different arguments being offered, though it seems that the team gets through, a bit, in terms of potential reputational costs, but PPJ doesn’t seem to have the same respect for other runners (over guards/corpos) and their social scene (such as it is) as Heat does, for whom it is a more going concern.

Regardless, they find a few points of agreement and plenty of points of disagreement before everyone abandons it for now, deciding against any new team norms for the time being. Heat tracks down the opps team TM, Sidle, and messages her requesting a meet. She proposes a neutral forum room in the Nexus, and Heat agrees. Perri is still laying low/off comms after Kludge’s death so he can’t easily check her rep. They meet up, and Heat smoothly offers some pay and a future favor in exchange for info on their Johnson, after they bond over how chaotic and egotistical mages can be.

Sidle says she would usually never do this, but Heat’s team seems pretty pro and like a good connection, and the Johnson seems to have been engaged in some general fuckery, so she shares their research on him. Reviewing the data, it seems like the Johnson was posing as an MCT fixer, but may have actually been an operative for the secretive “Asintmah Alliance”, though that is marked as unconfirmed. This team also got intel that the Johnson had hired a second team as well, which is why they went in fast and a little early compated to Niki’s tipoff.

A few people on the team also take a look at the pic of the Johnson provided, and confirm that it may by the man they met as “The Guide”, in disguise as a Japanophile corpo. Or maybe The Guide was the disguise? Tbd. They also research the Asintmah Alliance a bit, and don’t find much- seems like a very secretive and well-funded group, trying to disrupt intersections of tech and magic. Their operatives apparently all use old school devices which are hard to interface with and made of intentionally overprocessed materials to be hard to magically interact with. Other than that, not much is known it seems, though the group seems fairly new.

They pass this info on to Niki after deciding they don’t own any particular loyalty to The Guide as of now, and get some bonus pay. Resting up and patching up armor (only Creep and PPJ really took any damage), they awake to some disturbing news- there were some odd rolling blackouts overnight, and given recent events in the UCAS, people are concerned! They quickly get a call from their old Detroit contact Peregrine, asking if they’re up for some work and willing to look into these blackouts on his behalf- he wants to get ahead of it if it’s happening again. Otters races to the stores to buy batteries right away while the team debates getting involved.

Road Trip with Spiders
4/15/2024, 2:40:22 PM
Runners
Creep
The Detective
Otters aka Roadkill
Pepper Jack
Heat
Aradia

Heat and PPJ join up with the crew at Horst Trot Ranch, having acquired their necessary mission gear, and they get on the road, briefing them as they go. Using their research from the morning post-meeting with Mr. K they come up with a plan and Otters drives them quickly but carefully up to I-90, avoiding any trouble on the way. Mr. K’s border passes and job SINs all seem to work well as needed. They drop Aradia off one exit short of their planned ambush location, wanting to intercept the Blood Mountain Boys en route before they meet up with the better equipped Koshari syndicate.

They pull up the ambush site, and Otters gets Morticia airborne to watch for the convoy, while she and Creep bury some EMP charges in a grid along the frontage road. Heat pulls up on his moto and stashes it behind the ruined service station, hiding there as well. PPJ clambers up on the roof and conceals himself. Otters pulls the van into the ruined car wash/service bay and blends it in, with TD also staying inside. Creep hides out inside the wrecked doorway of the service station.

Once Morticia spots the combo a little down 90, Aradia casts a massive illusion with the assistance of a summoned air spirit, and some spectral buffalo block traffic on the highway, fooling all the sensors on the autohaulers and GridGuide-d family vehicles, bringing traffic to a stop. Aradia conceals herself while doing so, and noone seems to notice her as the source. With the traffic backup, Morticia spots the BMB convoy (two up armored offroad trucks) pulling off on the desired exit.

Waiting til the BMB trucks are right in the ideal spot, Otters triggers the EMPs, shorting the front truck badly and damaging the back one. Otters, Heat, Creep and PPJ all open up on the trucks with a combo of HERF guns, EMPs, and stick and shock ammo, wrecking the first truck as the second one pulls behind it for cover and pops a bunch of thermal smoke grenades. Heat is able to hear stuff moving in the smoke cloud, and is prepared as the second truck races out of the smoke cover, making a run for it after sounding like it loaded up some additional personnel and cargo.

They manage to disable that truck as well, a little further down the road, though Creep and Otters (in the van) come under fire from 2 smugglers left behind at the first truck. Heat and Creep manage to drop those two with non-lethal ammo, and everyone focuses on the front truck. As PPJ does some astral scouting, the team approaches, and Aradia drops her illusion and gets some speed increase to head towards the team on foot. With some skilled social manipulation from TD and Heat, they manage to convince the smugglers that they are out-numbered and to reluctantly accept some pay to leave with their injured friends and stop fighting.

As the smugglers cautiously retreat, the team keep a careful eye on them, as they refused to throw down their weapons. Creep spots that something weird is up with PPJ’s body while he is projecting, via an alert on the TacNET, and PPJ quickly reports in via manifestation that he can’t find his body! Heat heads up to his last known position and also can’t find him, but sees some signs of movement, so digs around a bit. He finds a flip-up piece of plywood and gets attacked by a large spider underneath just as Otters uses the TacNET to ID the toxin that is effecting PPJ as an awakened trap spider paralytic.

Heat fires on the spider, his armor having protected him from the paralytic darts it launches, and tries to get into the tunnel it retreats down below the service station, but gets comically stuck. PPJ zooms past in astral form, and finds a pregnant spider slowly digesting his body, having eating through his armor, and according to Otters prepping him as a host for her clutch. There are some other spiders around as well, including the one that just fled Heat. PPJ manifests and yells this info up to Heat, but everyone is horrified to see him start to dissolve on the TacNET.

Morticia notifies the team that the smugglers are flagging down traffic on the highway, so they know they need to get moving ASAP. Creep runs around looking for other ways in as Otters uses the van arm to yank Heat out of the tunnel he got stuck in, having loaded up the 3 crates from the smuggler truck with the arm and assistance from Aradia and Creep. Creep finds an access hatch, and cranks it open, slicing up his hands on the rusted handle. He and TD drop in, and open fire on the spiders, sending them fleeing. They free PPJ’s body as quickly and carefully as they can, as it is partially dissolved and badly damaged.

PPJ is reluctant to go back in, seeing the damage and not wanting to feel it, so Otters hooks his bod up to the Valkyrie Module to make sure he’s KO’ed, and PPJ dives back in, having the unique experience of instantly losing consciousness as he does so. Otters and Heat race off on back roads as planned before the BMB can call is assistance, and then slip back onto the main highways a little ways away, with Otters changing the van’s ID and looks, while Heat hopes noone spotted his moto since he doesn’t have any stealth or subterfuge tech on it.

They get back to the FRFZ border with no trouble, but get stopped for further investigation there. Luckily, Aradia and Heat both manage to talk their way through with no real trouble, and they link back up at Horst Trot Ranch, passing the 3 still sealed crates off to Mr. K for their (low) pay, as he studiously avoids Heat’s attempts to ask for more money. However, he tells them they have the cabin for a few more days, so they rest and heal there, and PPJ orders fresh armor for a merc supplier in town, patching in the few bits that Otters was able to salvage from his previous melted suit. He also upgrades his cowboy look to a cooler outfit, and still keeps referring to himself as a “ronin” making everyone a little uncomfortable.

After they are appropriately rested, they head back to the safehouse, and shortly get a call for an emergency job from Niki the Gardener- the lab where Vishala has been analyzing their data from their last two recon jobs for her is coming under attack! They need the team to come defend them ASAP, and Niki admits she’s over a barrel, so Heat gets a good payday for it. They start driving over while they try to do some quick research on the location and who their opposition might be….

Trouble at Home
4/8/2024, 11:00:26 AM
Runners
Creep
The Detective
Otters aka Roadkill
Aradia

While the rest of the team was off on the Metaplanes, Aradia got the group together to establish the Order of the Garter, with a half dozen interested locals, who have been cleared by Kobold of any Black Lodge connections, and examined further by The Detective for some additional psych profiles, in case Aradia needs them. With the assistance of Dovos, the living armor, who Aradia has just made a pact with, and TD’s skilled leadership, the ritual succeeds, though Aradia barely manages to reject a strange offer of power that comes to her just before she seals it. The newly established Order parties a bit to celebrate.

Heat and PPJ, both having encountered some major personal revelations, and without Otters’ ability to feel no regret, both head out to blow off some steam away from the safehouse, since the team doesn’t have any immediate work booked. Otters wakes up in the van, having slept plugged into the Valkyrie Module, and feeling much better after the hydra poisoning. She heads upstairs, and finds Creep posted up in a corner in a pile of wood chips gradually carving some couch components, TD getting prepped for another day of chill tub time, and Aradia just getting up after needing a lengthy rest post-ritual. She had another strange dream of a seductive voice calling out to her, offering great power, but thought she could hear just a faint buzzing of flies behind it so ignores it for now.

Aradia gets some follow up from Fargus Sol about the strange luck token she was given by The Auditor, but it’s still a work in progress. They’re all just sitting around wondering what to do, when out of nowhere they catch a wide area broadcast that seems to be from about 5 minutes back, showing the alley door of the building propped open, and then swinging open and shut- Creep is the only one able to spot 4 active camo’ed figures slip through. Worried that they may be under attack by unknown adversaries, they get some drones up, and start scoping out their floor.

Finding no immediate threats, they widen their search a bit- Morticia, let out a window, spots some small drones seemingly running surveillance centered on the 20th floor, one of the full floor penthouses, 2 floors above the team. Creep sneaks out the window, made invisible by Aradia, and starts scaling the floor to ceiling glass cladding up to that floor. Aradia projects up there and spots the team of 4 seemingly holding two people hostage. Unfortunately, one is awakened and spots Aradia, taking a swing at her with some sort of astral whip.

Aradia dodges and flees back to her body, reporting in just as Creep reaches the window outside, and manages to surmise that there is one injured individual on the floor, one hostage against a wall, and the team of four clustered around. Morticia picks up some convo with her laser mic, and hears the magic one (presumably) reporting that they were spotted and need to get a move on. Creep feels as one of the 4 inside heads over to a nearby window and starts prepping to remove it. He repositions above it, for a fun surprise.

The team debates whether or not to intervene, when another area message comes in, just saying “HELP” with the elevator code for the 20th floor included. Otters sends one of the Mules into the elevator, along with TD and Aradia, who hide to either side of the door. They send it up, timed to arrive just as Creep smashes in the window and chucks in a flashbang. As the elevator door pops open, the Mule opens up on one of the goons who has a data cable running to the injured man on the floor, who seemed to be trying to crawl to a rigger cocoon.

The Mule manages to kill the startled goon with a full auto burst, though some kind of charge travels along the data cable, and the injured man on the floor starts seizing. The magic goon by the blasted open window swipes at Creep outside with a monofil whip, seemingly his weapon focus, and Creep just barely dodges, scampering inside to avoid the slice that would have peeled him off the side of the building. Aradia levitates the big flatvid terminal in front of the blown open window to block their egress as the magic goon jumps free, deploying a wing suit.

One of the other goons opens up towards Creep, but only hits the tv, while the other goon double taps the injured man on the floor, seemingly killing him. The other hostage, a younger woman, screams, and one of the goons grabs her as a hostage, taking a shot at the drone as well, though Otters dodges, and both Otters and Creep notice that the opps team seem to be wearing light armor stealth suits and using frangible armor- they seem to have prepped for a stealth mission rather than a protracted firefight.

Spotting all of this, TD offers them an out- if they leave the hostage, the team will let them leave. The remaining opps team, outnumbered, agrees, and edge back towards the window, with Creep sliding the levitating flatvid console aside. They shove the hostage forward into the room as they leap out behind, deploying wing suits as well. Moritica spots their drone surveillance pulling back shortly after. They try to talk to the woman, who seems pretty panicked, and then Otters thinks to check on response, given the grenade and full auto fire, unsuppressed, that just took place from the team.

Otters spots that the dead man on the floor has a Platinum DocWagon contract, with response en route, and hurries the team back to the elevator, to not be onsite when they arrive. The woman insists on pausing for a moment to use her access codes to wipe the local security footage “so the team doesn’t get in trouble.” They agree, she does something, and they put Aradia’s cloak over her head and all hustle back to the safehouse two levels below. They hint to the woman that she should at least pretend she doesn’t know where their safehouse is, which she agrees to.

She asks if she can leave, and they say they should all stay put to not cause any extra suspicion, and she asks if she can make some calls- she has to let people know that Kludge is dead! Recognizing that name, Otters realizes that the man they just saw killed is none other than Cap’n Kludge, one of two surviving head admins of the Nexus. This explains all the subsidary security devices and private surveillance – he was notoriously paranoid.

While the woman, who introduces herself as ViralVixen (except with way more obnoxious hacker spelling), makes some calls, the team debates and makes a few calls of their own, specifically to Cat, who pays them for the tipoff about Kludge’s death before the news gets out, and starts speculating what this could mean. She hasn’t heard about any open wetwork contracts or anyone moving on the Nexus, so she asks some questions about the enemy team, which Creep and Otters are able to give some good insight too based on comms traffic and gear.

They seem like a fairly pro crew, but probably not runners, which means likely in-house talent from a corp, government, or similar, given the high quality but uniform and mission specific gear. Cat says she’ll need to dig further, but after Otters asks for a rep check on ViralVixen, tells the team to push her harder as well. They debate drugs and/or Mind Probe, but settle on Aradia and TD team-working intimidating her. They pull her back out of her matrix hole, and lean on her hard, and she cracks easily.

She does seem legit distressed, and was actually friends, or a sort, with Kludge. She was newer to the Nexus and was using the older man’s mildly creepy attraction to her as a means of gaining access to cooler projects and info- though she did also like him, just not in that way, which he seemed aware of. So a somewhat complex dynamic. Apparently someone ID’ed her as a weak link in Kludge’s paranoid security, as he had given her access codes to the building and his suite, and black-bagged her, threatening her and some other people she’s close to if she didn’t cooperate.

So she came over to “work on a project” and propped the alley door open. She thought based on Kludge’s skills and paranoia he’d be able to get them both out of it, and seems traumatized about the way things went down. Also she wasn’t making calls to tell people about Kludge’s death, she was checking in on her people who were also under threat and booking tickets to get out of town, not trusting what kind of response she’ll get from the Nexus and others if/when her involvement and presence get out.

The team confers briefly while offering her minimal comfort. They debate handing her over to Perri, letting the Nexus deal with it’s own, but can’t get ahold of PPJ or Heat, who are the two people with her contact, so they decide to pass her along to Cat instead, who confirms that she will make good use of her- this seems like it will advantage Cat at least, which should also advantage the team as she is one of their main fixers. She offers them an out of town job while she cleans up and sweeps the safehouse and building for surveillance devices and other trouble, and the team agrees.

They drop ViralVixen off with Cat, lightly drugging her to make sure she doesn’t freak out in public, and then head north to Horse Trot Ranch, where they post up in a Faraday’ed cabin to wait for the Johnson, Sleeping there overnight, they awaken the next day to find the Johnson arriving. He introduces himself as Mr. K, and says Stiletto speaks highly of them, so he asked Cat to get in touch. He has a smuggling interception that he needs to happen ASAP, if they’re interested.

He offers a kind of minimal payout, but the team present either doesn’t really care about money or can’t negotiate, so they go with it. He explains that a smuggling go-gang, the Blood Mountain Boys from Seattle, are moving some cargo across the NAN to meet up with a Koshari Circle, who will take control of the product and move it into the FRFZ. Mr. K wants to take possession of the cargo, which he describes as 21 “manavoltaic” rods. Otters inquires, and this seems to relate to using magic to generate energy.

K suggests that if they hurry, they might be able to intercept the BMB en route, which will be harder moving target, but less security and way less magic, or seize the rods as the meet sight in Butte, but then they’ll have to against both BMB and Koshari, who have lots of magical support, unless they can somehow turn them against each other. The team decides to try for the mobile ambush, and quickly stocks up on some gear before heading out of town.

Libraries and Hydras
4/1/2024, 10:37:32 AM
Runners
Creep
Otters aka Roadkill
Pepper Jack
Heat

With the team admitted to the library, they start looking around and getting a feel for the upsettingly massive scope of the place. Creep takes a thorough look around with some assistance from the others, trying to get a sense of the categorization system, and can’t make heads or tails of the whole thing. Heat detects a Resonance-based matrix equivalent of some sort, which seems very clean, almost sterile, and not quite like either material plane or Seelie Court matrices. Otters is mostly just vibing on it- great drone signal at seemingly any distance within the library’s confines. PPJ takes a look around magically and spots a number of magical books/tomes/scrolls/tablets and the like, though they are a minority amongst the overall collection.

Off in the distance, Creep spots a figure that seems slightly familiar, and heads over, eventually recognizing that one of the semi-spectral librarians seems to be ThinkTank, who Creep had only met a time or two in Seattle and who died in an explosion shortly before he joined the team. Creep tries to chat with him a bit- he seems to have some sense of who he “was” but not his full memories and seems dedicated to the library. He offers to guide them to someone who can tell them more, and they accept, brought up a series of staircases and down assorted passageways amidst the sprawling structure, til they find a small side room, where a bald, scarred ork is working on a terminal that looks curiously modern.

As the ork spins around and rudely acknowledges them, some of the team recognize him as former team member Test, an abrasive but skilled TM and researcher. He quickly confirms that none of them are scientists, but once Heat provides context for their connection and bona fides, as well as some flattery about Test’s major research discoveries on the Seelie Court, he gets more enthused and gives them some info. He explains that he is working with Masaru’s Great Library project in Alexandria, along with a lot of other TM’s who took shelter with Egyptian Coptic Church during the global TM-hunting high point a few years back. He also clears up StepMAMA’s archaic language problem, though the team isn’t quite sure how he did it.

They are attempting to connect the physical Great Library, as it is rebuilt, with this astral version, as well as hopefully linking both to the Endless Archive, as they are already having to keep a portal open to run cables and Resonance energy through to keep the local network stable and prevent everything from fully aligning to the local metaplanar translation/paradigm. When questioned further, he suggests that this is the next step in multi-realm theory- punching through the coin, and no longer needing “sides”. Unfortunately, he suggests that based on his knowledge of The Seed, it isn’t a book, and certainly couldn’t be contained in a single volume even if it was, plus he hasn’t encountered it in his cataloguing of the library, though he’s a long way from finished.

Along with everyone else they’ve spoken to, he suggests seeking out Mr. Bookbinder for more information/to become a member. They finally decide to do so, and head up another few levels, seeing a number of other TM’s working on running cable, setting up devices, etc- seemingly expanding the local net. They seem to be under the direction of an Australian dwarf named Barnaby Rudd, who the team is able to ID from the team file from some past contacts and references, and know is a longtime Library enthusiast from Egypt, under Masaru’s protection.

They reach Mr Bookbinder’s desk, a classic librarian at a classic “help” desk, and PPJ assenses him, worried of all the warnings they’ve had about not upsetting him, and is delighted to find that he appears relatively weak, especially compared to some of the relatively high force librarian spirits. Creep signs up for a membership and has to give a tiny drop of blood- this is seemingly their version of an ID confirmation. He sees the name he signed kind of magically flash as the blood seals into the book. Otters does the same, but is a little shocked to see the name “Roadkill” briefly flash as her blood seals the contract.

Finally deciding to look into her past a little, Otters asks Heat if he can get a line out to Jackpoint via all the Resonant energy. Heat manages to do so, though it is a bit unstable. Otters asks StepMAMA to just collate the number of posts with “Roadkill” as a keyword without reviewing content. Since PPJ has previously asked StepMAMA to report on any info uncovered about Otters’ past, she then confirms this instruction with him. Heat sees this conversation happening, and tells StepMAMA to first report to him with all the post results, and he will filter them. StepMAMA seems to be feeling some conflicted loyalties, but does so.

Heat is disturbed to find that “Roadkill” was apparently a relatively well-known trafficker in the Carib League, who often used animals to assist in her work. However, she was an elf. Heat decides to keep digging, and finds that Roadkill apparently went missing a few years back, right around the time that MCT scaled down their TM kidnapping efforts, and had apparently been transporting a lot of TM’s to MCT prior to that. However, this doesn’t line up with the timeline of Otters’ memories, in terms of when she recalls ARES using the AIMAD to erase her past and set her up in Detroit. Heat decides to keep looking one more time, and finds his birth name on a compiled list of missing TM’s from the region/era.

Quite upset, Heat then backs out, and sends along only the number of posts to Otters but starts giving her the cold shoulder. StepMAMA confirms to PPJ that something is going on when he inquires but is having some internal struggles with complex loyalty dynamics. Meanwhile, Creep, unaware of all of this, has begun researching furniture construction with Mr Bookbinder’s assistance, wanting to make some couches he can be inside of. After Heat refuses a few light attempts at conversation about his sudden mood shift, they continue searching the library, and with careful analysis and some targeted searches with Mr Bookbinder’s assistance, they are able to figure out that the collection seems to be magically sorted by order of acquisition- the library expands outwards and upwards as needed to accommodate new additions, with librarians seemingly magically knowing where each item ought to be shelved.

This does not bring them any closer to finding the book they seek, but they do spot a large section of the 4th floor, the size of a large building on it’s own, which has not obvious means of access. Thinking back to the conversations with Mr Bookbinder, they recall that although he rejects any destruction of knowledge, he acknowledged that some knowledge needs to be restricted, and they wonder if this hidden area is the restricted section. Otters is thinking hard on her past after Heat confirms that he found some stuff out from the matrix search, and is able to remember a feeling of being betrayed as one of her last conscious thoughts pre-Detroit.

After being completely unable to find a way into the hidden area, and confirming that it is warded with a masked alarm ward, they decide to just ask Mr Bookbinder. He confirms that the book they seek is in the restricted area, but says library members in good standing of course have access, though the book cannot be checked out or removed- it is the only known copy, and has yet to be translated, so is too precious to risk loss or damage. They get into an esoteric debate about what owning a book truly means, and eventually come to the conclusion that if it were successfully translated, Mr B would likely move it to the more public area, as the preservation of knowledge is more important to him than the physical object in and of itself.

With that in mind, Creep and Otters follow one of the librarians into the restricted section, feeling a sort of expansion of space as the librarian somehow opens a path between two shelves that didn’t seem to previously exist. They find themselves in a massive open chamber, with evenly spaced pedestals, stands, and the like each holding a single text of one form or another. As opposed to the library outside, the texts in here all have the look of magical objects, though neither of the runners are able to confirm for sure. After about a 15 minute walk, they find themselves at the pedestal of the Silver Book of Saeletra that they seek, and the librarian reaches forward, one finger transforming into a key to open the trapped mechanical lock, which causes the protective casing to flower open.

Gesturing invitingly, the librarian steps back a little bit but is keeping a close eye. Creep carefully examines the pedestal, case and lock, finding no other security mechanisms or traps, and then takes thorough images of the book itself- densely inscribed text in some sort of machine code on a silver plate encased in glass. After getting good enough looks at it for a passable forgery, he passes it to Otters, who is shocked to find that the text, when read into her RCC, seems to be some kind of program she can run. With StepMAMA’s help, she creates a partition and starts running the program, which seems to download a large text file in some unknown language into that area.

While this is happening, StepMAMA asks Otters how she feels about secrets, and explains some of her conflicted current loyalties, though she isn’t overly specific. She suggests that Heat learned some things about Otters’ past that could involve him as well, and this is why he is so chilly all of a sudden. When Otters asks if the info is “bad” StepMAMA says that although she can’t qualitatively judge, she believes many would interpret it as such, including Heat. With everything they are able to get from the book for now, they head back out of the restricted section, Otters trying half-heatedly to make conversation with the librarian, who seems similarly distant to ThinkTank. They once again feel the expansion of space as the librarian ushers them out, and find Heat and PPJ waiting.

After some tense interactions about what to do next, since they don’t think this file copy will be sufficient for the Johnson, Mr. Bookbinder offers them a private room to have a louder discussion in, so as not to disturb other patrons. They ignore him for now, while Creep continues to read up on furniture making. Heat takes a look at the data in Otters’ partition and has a bizarre slightly mind-breaking revelation from within, without being actually able to make sense of the language or symbols. However, he can feel that there is more power and more to learn in here…. for now, he asks PPJ and Creep to test out his new ability, which seems to allow him to use his skinlink and living persona to act as a kind of cyberdeck for someone he is touching.

Neither PPJ nor Creep seem to really appreciate or understand how cool and weird this is, as well as how unprecedented, and Otters, the one team member present who might, is the one person Heat doesn’t want to currently share this with. However, they decide this may be an option of how to proceed with the job. Heat suggests they take Mr. B up on the private room, and they all head inside except Creep, who continues his research. Heat confronts Otters with info about her past, with PPJ confirming that his own research had also discovered some of this. Otters is initially resistant, but starts having some weird dual memories, and decides to follow them, feeling that the whole point of erasing her memories was that noone knew, and if some people know now, she might as well.

She’s able to piece a little back together as they continue to process their conflict, with Heat attempting to explain his anger as well as his confusing situation, and Otters offering very “no regret” apologies and “explanations”, believing that not remembering excuses her from past action. Although PPJ was otherwise backing up Heat in terms of the veracity of info, he also kind of agrees with Otters on this, as he doesn’t want to be responsible for whatever he may have done on Dis when he was not in control of himself, in a time he doesn’t remember.

Otters eventually recalls that on her last job for MCT, she was supposed to bring them a promising tween kind, she remembers paying the parents for a “hiring bonus” for a prominent corporate position, and how desperate the parents were to believe all of this. She remembers that during the travel, she got a bad feeling and passed the kid off to a contact at Horizon instead, reporting to MCT that this one got away. However, at the meet with MCT, she got black-bagged and had some operations performed on her- both surgical and mental. Pushing deeper into her memories, with her photographic memory, she starts having an easier and easier time separating the full-sensory BTL style implanted memories of some years in Detroit and a deal with ARES, overlapping with some mystery missing time in some kind of black lab.

She is able to get a memory of two scientists discussing her over her while strapped to some kind of surgical table, and running the mouth movements through their lip reading program thinks they are saying something about how the “AIMAD is insufficient in this case, but she may be a good candidate from Project: ANIMUS”. Otters snaps back to reality and reports all of this to the team. PPJ is interested, and Heat is further frustrated that Otters seems to be getting some self-satisfaction and even healing out of these revelations while Heat gets more and more disturbed. He repeatedly tries to leave and gets called back in for more of Otters’ memories, with Creep finally joining them.

Otters excitedly re-explains everything to Creep, who suggests that her bad past behavior might have explained her addictions at the time- seeking an escape from the darkness of her actions at the time. With some peace made for now, and Heat still mad but announcing that he’ll get past it eventually, they decide to refocus on the job for now. Realizing that they can probably get a call through from here, Heat contacts Cat, who seems to notice his unusual downcast vibe and inquires, which he brushes off for now. However, she invites him to drink and chat in the back room of her bar when they get back, a social upgrade and mark of recognition of his growing status in the local shadows that he has long been seeking.

He gives her the info on the book and what they’ve learned/gained from the copy Otters made. Cat says she’ll check with the Johnson if that is sufficient, and reports back shortly after that it should be. Heat transfers her a copy of the file for now, but she says they’ll need to come by a bar for the meet when they return to confirm with the original copy on the RCC. They agree, and decide to head back. PPJ wants to do more research while they’re there, but Heat isn’t in the mood, and Otters, the only one without a shadow cloak, is getting very tired and hungry but is nervous about eating and drinking here.

They head out the front door and descent the step towards the tavern where Arcane waits, when all of a sudden a massive hyrda appears in the street in front of them. Seizing the initiative, they dash past it as it manifests, racing for the tavern door where a frantic Arcane is preparing the portal, though it successfully bites PPJ, damaging his armor, and also Otters, both damaging her armor and poisoning her. They all skid through the portal into Arcane’s study, and the portal snaps closed, severing one hydra head that followed them, which starts dissolving through the floor in a pool of acid. Arcane quips that this is why he never takes a job harvesting hydra reagents. He also suggests that this was almost surely the Black Lodge, which Creep confirms based on the summoning circle he spotted in the street.

After curing Otter’s poison with a combo of magic and an alchemically prepared bezoar, he sends them on their way, and they roll over to the One Up Arcade, with Otters taking a quick nap. They meet with the Johnson, who they’ve done a little research on, and confirm that “The Collector” seems to indeed be Thomas Whitefeather, though he is disguising both appearance and voice, who seems to also be the Nexus poster “Cloudmaster”. According to street rumors, he a semi-retired matrix war specialist from the PCC, who also works in the spycraft field, and seems well-respected if not always liked on the Nexus. They have a pretty interesting though short convo with him, and Heat promises to assist with further translation of the mysterious book. They warn him of the BL and he asks if the team has come to their attention of late, which they confirm, and he says that may be the connection, though he also suggests that the BL are not friends of GW, and so have to operate deep underground locally, if at all.

The Collector requests any future similar books they encounter, which Mr. B and Test have both also requested, and they get paid. PPJ also has a list of overdue books from the library, just in case he encounters any in his travels. After the meet, they crash at the safehouse, with Creep ordering supplies to start building some furniture, which is just as well since PPJ is living here full time now. PPJ gets a new alert that Rosalyn Hernandez has been forced out of leadership at the IOND into an emeritus position, and looks quietly stressed/unhappy about this in the press release. He also gets a message from Darien Black telling him that his personnel files have been purged from the IOND databases but that he still has secure copies “if they are needed….”

After conferring with the team, PPJ thinks this is probably a dual purpose offer to return and also a threat. He decides that although this is some forward progress, as requested, he still doesn’t belong at the IOND, and decides to continue as a free agent for now. Heat also gets a message from Perri with an invite link to a Nexus private forum related to deciphering the Silver Book text that they acquired. He’s also planning to write up an update on the library and it’s connections, in his ongoing investigation of magical/matrix crossovers in the metaplanes.

Rescuing the Refugee
3/25/2024, 1:08:32 PM
Runners
Creep
Otters aka Roadkill
Pepper Jack
Heat

Previously, in LA: while the rest of the team heads out to deal with GWB and investigate The Auditor, PPJ decides to finish his task for the Rat King. With Aradia’s assistance, he changes his appearance and outfit to look like a high end courier for a local service, and uses a fake SIN to take a cab to the motel that Ratcatcher is rumored to be staying at. He has a whole plan to bluff his way in but the teen working the front desk really doesn’t care. PPJ walks up to the room, knocks, and cons his way in, delivering the package. He then makes excuses to hastily leave, though not before seeing the edge of what looks like a Tarot card as Ratcatcher rips it open, seemingly thinking it might be his payment for the past job gone wrong.

As he waits for another cab in the parking lot, there is a pressure wave and a brief shriek from behind him, followed by some worried shouts and inquiries from adjacent rooms. He gets out of there, swapping clothes and cabs on Venice Beach, as well as rotating to another SIN. He gets back to the safehouse in town in time to ride back to Denver with Otters and TD, happy to have completed his task. Reviewing the footage and the team file, they conclude that this might have been one of the trap tarot cards that PPJ and other team members had heard of/seen once before, in Boston, some time back. It seems like whatever payday LBC held onto is safe for now.

The team hustles out to the mountains in the van, quickly switching to tracked mode as they head off the poor quality logging and mining trails west of town. Many of their plans involve needing to go back to town to buy supplies since they had rushed out so hurriedly, but they eventually come up with a plan with what they have on hand. Creep magnets to the VTOL while Heat rides inside, with PPJ overlanding on foot accompanied by the Mule drone (which he names Charlie, this is the one effected by metaplanar translation). Otters stays in the van to run drones, sending the swarm with the VTOL and keeping Morticia near the Mule, after doing a surveillance sweep of the area.

Otters, at the van, is about 3km from the safehouse, and first flies Creep over to a clear stone area about 1km the other side of the safehouse, which looks like the closest potential landing zone. Otters also sees large bear tracks and horn scratches on some trees, and warns of Piasma activity in the area, though they may be hibernating. She also spots some carnivorous pain pines and a snow owl nest, and warns the team to path around them. Creep rigs up det cord on a few medium size trees to block the landing zone if needed, then magnets onto the VTOL again, going stealth to match with his custom skin and armor, and Otters flies them up to the safehouse dooe.

Set into the side of a cliff face with no ledge and no other obvious entrances, Heat pops open the VTOL door and starts talking at the small quartz window set into the wood door. After a pause, he hears some muffled conversation, and then gets a response. Following some tense negotiation, he gets permission to enter so long as he leaves his weapons behind. After making an easy but perilous leap in, the troll guard shuts the door behind him, introducing himself as Slab. He seems like a skilled woodsman, wearing full area-appropriate camo and moving very softly for such a large man. He stands back but is keeping an eye on Heat, and though Heat still has comms to Creep with all his boosters, has lost comms to the rest of the team.

The safehouse is very low-tech- Slab has a cooler and some battery powered cookers and other small devices, but not comms and good magic and signal masking as it is all hewn out of the stove of the mountain-side, with the door made of thick local wood, still sprouting some green branches and small leaves. Sitting in the corner is a tall, thing, gangly individual with incredibly smooth skin and wide set eyes, who appears human. Heat introduces himself, explains the peril, and offers assistance. The figure seems to be assessing for a moment, and almost seems to be refining his use of cityspeak English as he replies.

He introduces himself as “the Refugee” as he has been referred to by Slab, but suggests that after some consideration he can be called Ersatz. After some questioning about the team’s hirer and the other Johnsons on offer and their terms, Ersatz agrees that the ASPS seems the best option and will go along. Creep gets invited into the help Heat take a look at the strange cuffs that Ersatz is bound by, but recognizing that they contain some components they can’t make sense of, as well as at least one anti-tamper system, they decide to leave them be.

They load Ersatz up into the VTOL, and Otters triangulates a path out of the mountain to maintain signal as she drives and flies simultaneously back to town. Slab rigs up an explosive trap to the door, as he throws down a rope to assist Heat and Creep down the 200m drop from the door to the scree slope below. Creep easily scrambles down, with Heat struggling but not falling. They both notice the altitude, being almost twice as high as Denver, though Creep is easily able to compensate with his internal air tanks by adjusting the balance. PPJ and the Mule are a little past halfway there, as Creep spots a stealthed chopper heading for the landing zone.

He blows the det cord, dropping trees, and see the chopper veer clear at the last moment. Otters and Morticia, on their way to meeting the VTOL, spot an invisible flying carpet steered by what looks like a spirit, with 4 others aboard, also headed towards the safehouse. Slab heads off into the woods, offering to attempt a distraction, while Heat and Creep aim to rendezvous with PPJ and the drones. PPJ goes astral to check on the flying carpet, and is instantly spotted- it’s a powerful spirit of man, 2 mage and 2 adepts, so he assumes this is the IOND team, though the presence of a bound spirit suggests they could indeed be Black Lodge, as the team worried.

PPJ frantically manages to counter a fireball, and the stealthily repositions, heading deeper into the woods to cover his tacks. Heat and Creep hear an explosion behind them from the safehouse- it sounds like someone found the trap Slab left. They close in on PPJ’s concealed position just as one of the corpo-soldier types from the chopper spot Heat, not a natural woodsman himself, as he bashes through the woods a little loudly. Heat raises his hands while stepping into a little cover, and tries to talk his way out, complicated slightly as Creep clumsily chucks a grenade. Luckily, it was only a thermal smoke so Creep pops it right away to allay suspicion as cries of "grenade! grenade! echo from a few flanking positions in the woods.

PPJ, still concealed, uses some carefully applied magical dread to lend weight to Heat’s argument, which is essentially: the target’s already gone, we don’t know where or have comms right now, and there’s another magical team en route that seems inclined towards lethality, so why don’t we all walk away? PPJ also manages to mostly blunt the effects of an area thought browse spell that seems to effect both groups (Creep further embraces cyberpsychosis to fight it off). Combined with the magical dread, this seems sufficient, and the corpo team backs off, at least visibly. Figuring this is as good as it will get for now, they head on foot back towards the logging trails, and follow them back towards the edge of town, getting a room at one of the Front Range casinos on the west edge to ditch any tails.

PPJ quickly gets kicked out after being waaay too interested in how to repair slot machines- although this is legit it seems incredibly sketchy to casino security, even more so when he presents an obviously fake SIN after getting face-scanned. He takes a cab to a mechanics bar in Elbert and drinks and talks about tinkering, getting some MeFeed channel recommendations. Heat parties with some strangers he befriends while losing money, with Creep crashing from Jazz and hiding under the bed. They left the strange Mule buried in the woods a little ways away from the casino lot for Otters to retrieve later.

Meanwhile, Otters has made contact with Louis Belaran of the ASPS, and set up a meet at DocWagon’s main hospital complex in town. She is given a room number to meet in, and makes some simple disguises for herself and Ersatz, using the large pocket of his hooded jacket to hide his cuffs. They walk in and Otters heads straight for the room, not pausing to talk to anyone, and finds what looks like a high end street clinic hidden inside what looks like a regular suite from outside. After being ushered in by a nurse, they find Belaran waiting.

He confirms that this is a street clinic of sorts, for people in their line of work, and converses briefly with Ersatz before paying Otters out for the team and confirming he owes them some favors as well. Belaran confirms that it was good not to attempt to remove the cuffs as it could have triggered an astral beacon of sorts, suggesting that Ersatz may be fleeing from multiplanar captors. Otters heads out and returns to the safehouse after some evasive driving, marking the clinic in the team file for future use. She also analyzes the small data chip that Ersatz slips into her hand as she exits.

It contains some data that seems sort of like simsense recording but not quite, and seems to confirm that Ersatz had previously been a captive of the Black Lodge, and that they were in touch with Rosalyn Hernandez, the founder and head of the IOND, who was one of the Johnsons seeking him. The team all links up the next day and goes over the data, as well as doing further research, and determine that Hernandez def fits the BL portfolio- a human and magic supremacist, though she has always espoused an “all-magic welcome” philosophy counter to the BL’s human supremacy. In the footage provided, she seems to fit the role of a powerful person outside the org chart, so it seems like she may either be a past members or a high level contact.

PPJ stays up all night writing it all up and then delivers it to Darien Black. After an intense conversation, PPJ ends up leaving the IOND- though he believes Black will do the right thing, in his way, Black makes the argument for slow, careful, political movement to remove the BL from the IOND, whereas PPJ desires action. Black pulls the “not sad, just disappointed” card amongst other classic parental moves, but PPJ is finally unswayed, and tells him to be in touch once he actually does something about it all, as he doesn’t want to continue working for an organization that may even tangentially benefit the BL. He sees on his way out that onsite security has already restricted his access privileges.

He heads back to the safehouse, now his only residence, and sadly watches OrkDadToolTips repair videos for the rest of the day, while Creep tries to talk to him, not realizing he is on mute. Creep ends up down a couch reupholstery rabbit hole, given his recent fixations. After regrouping the rest of the day, the team wakes up the next day to a call from Cat, offering another job, telling them to come meet them in the private back room in her bar. They head over, and get the spiel: a Johnson called “the Collector” wants a special book. The pay is good, but it involves long distance travel, which is being arranged. Cat won’t give more details until they agree on taking the job and pay, so Heat negotiates, once again feeling like he has maxed out the encounter.

Cat gives the deets: there is a book called the Silver Book of Saelatra, colloquially known as “the Seed”, that the Johnson wants retrieved from the astral Library of Alexandria, a hyperplane of the plane of Kindred. Arcane will portal them there once again, but how they get the book from the library is up to them. Excited for another metaplanar voyage, they head back to the safehouse to do some research, and Heat gets confused by rumors of a digital/Resonant library also existing, and becomes convinced they are meant to go there instead. The team convinces him to check the astral one first, and they can’t think of other required gear, so they head to Arcane’s. He confirms that the library is a sort of tripartite structure, with astral, material and Resonant representations, somewhat validating Heat.

Most of the team still has intact Shadow Cloaks, so they wear those, but Otters just goes in raw. Arcane once again has set up the appearance of a ritual to open the portal but seems to just gesture it open. They see a cobbled street and some sort of Victorian-era structures, and head in. Arcane accompanies this time as the portal closes behind them. He points to a tavern, and say to find him there when they’re ready to return, and suggests not making enemies of the librarians. Otters seems to have taken on a distinctly steampunk vibe, with lots of gears, pistons, steam vents and the like on her and the drones. Charlie is looking especially weird now.

Turning around, they find that Arcane has dropped them right in front of an entrance to the massively wide, towering library hyperplane. They spot some cloaked figures watching them from a nearby alley, and Heat approaches, causing them to fall back out of sight before he can speak to them. Creep approaches the library door, curious about “the Seed”, as he found some interesting references to it in the team file, from a past team’s time on the Seelie Court. He knocks on one of the massive bronze doors, and it is opened by a tall, bowed librarian, who when questioned moans at them to speak to Mr. Bookbinder. They see a massive array of shelves in book heading up out of sight and off into the distance on either side. More interestingly, Heat is able to detect some kind of network here, seeming like something halfway between the material plane matrix and the strange equivalent of the Seelie Court- more useful paydata for Perri!

Dark Waves in the Green Bay
3/18/2024, 7:23:40 PM
Runners
Creep
The Detective
Otters aka Roadkill
Heat
Aradia

The team mostly rests up while Heat and Pepperjack do some research, and compile some questions for their friends to post/look up on Jackpoint in the morning. Heat spots a bunch of agitation about NAN border risks- someone seems to be spending some effort pushing UCAS reunification, esp since the UCAS needs a West Coast port with the loss of Free Seattle. After continuing research when the others wake up, they start formulating a plan on how to safely travel the Deep Lacuna and access Green Water Bay. They get a contact to the rental agent there through Traveler Jones on Jackpoint, and arrange to get brought out for a meeting with the goal of a 1 month rental of a small storage unit there.

PPJ splits off to go deal with Ratcatcher as promised to the Rat King on ZCorp. The rest of the team heads back to the Deep Diver and gets picked up by a smuggler, who gets them all into basic dive gear and tells them to hang on tight to the powered sled they’ll use. He says they’ll have to carry it through a few dry tunnels, and they take off.

He attempts to lead them on a very circuitous route, and seems to be travelling fast enough to force most of the team to focus on holding on. Luckily Creep has a bunch of specialty brain implants for this purpose and is fairly confident he could retrace their steps. They emerge out of the strange, magical feeling tunnels into a large cavern and see the large sunken aquacology anchored to the floor- the legends are true! They enter through a moon pool, strip out of their rented dive gear, and meet Missy, the estate agent onsite.

Despite Heat’s best efforts, she is leery of giving them very much info until they sign a rental agreement, so they quickly do, getting the smallest bolthole available with no amenities. Heat and Otters manage to put together some info on one of the defenses- what looks to be a slightly toxic, Awakened amoeba colony called a “Protean”. They are warned to not get too close or to come into contact, but told that the interior of their unit and the marked paths nearby are safe to travel.

Heat does a little digging on the local matrix, but it looks very well defended, and Aradia looks around a little in the astral- luckily their magical security seems relatively minimal, mostly relying on passive security from the water surrounding them, and on physical and drone/matrix defense inside. Creep spots a freight elevator and some fire stairs, but no personnel elevators, they seem to be in a converted loading dock and equipment area, and Creep gets the feeling that the levels below may still be flooded. He also spots the lock mechanisms, and confirms that he and Heat have the tools to manage them.

Aradia and The Detective start working on a disguise, dressing TD up like the Auditor with magic assisting, while Heat programs one of his face masks to appear like The Auditor, and TD looks pretty solid when they finish. Otters gets ahold of someone in the Dark Wave Syndicate to arrange a shipment of 4 individuals in a crate to Seattle, who need to arrive alive. They then rent gear again and get a ride back to Deep Diver. They grab the van and go shopping, stocking up on their own dive gear, sled, and other gear they’ll need for the mission, including a big comm upgrade for Heat.

The next day, they head back to GWB via Lacuna passages as near the surface as possible to avoid the dangers they’ve been warned of deeper down. Luckily Otters pilots well and Creep proves a skilled navigator, though TD almost is lured off the craft when they spot an Incubus- a large camo’ed Awakened octopus that seems to have some mind control and illusion powers. They bypass the slow-moving ambush predator and continue on, arriving through the moon pool again.

Otters loads the other 4 into the packing crate, along with the FlySpy swarm, and she and Heat set up an encrypted comms channel, pretty well-concealed amidst local facility matrix traffic. The Dark Wave smugglers come and meet with Otters at the arranged time, who overpays a little bit for the service but is just focused on staying pro and not trying to lie. The smugglers haul the crate off, and the team inside gets bumped around a bit until they get dropped off elsewhere in the facility.

Creep barely cracks the crate top while Heat checks the matrix and Otters remotes in to get the drone swarm up. They seem to be in a shipping and receiving storage area, there are a lot of security sensors and a single door. Heat slips his gun out and takes a couple silenced shots with looper rounds, giving them a clear camera window, but he spots that one of the mics in the room picked up one of the shots, so they team hustles to the door, and Heat and Creep quickly crack it open and bypass it with a Passkey Sequencer.

They dash out into the hall, with Heat quashing another audio alarm, in time this time, as Aradia doesn’t quite nail the sneaking. Worried about this, Aradia casts invisibility on all of them and then levitates herself towards the ceiling, barely able to focus while holding so many active spells at once. The team chooses a random direction and heads that way, scouting ahead a little with the drones. Creep is glad he carefully replaced the crate lid, as a guard comes by and checks on the storage room, seemingly from the audio alarm.

After the guard heads away again, the team decides to check a door with a lot of thermal signatures behind it that the drones spotted, rather than the cold storage room they are hiding near. Heat goes into the local Host via the door lock, and sees that this hotter room has it’s own private nested Host. He gains access and pops the door, but sees patrolling IC and hides. He manages to hacks the cameras inside and loop them, and then starts working on cracking the encryption, disarming the data bombs and copying the video and audio footage.

The rest of the team heads inside, though Aradia just remains floating near the ceiling- she does spot some Aztlaner Spanish labels on the top of some of the assorted packing containers in the room. The rest of the team can see that there is space for 100 various sized containers, all seemingly containing modified Valkyrie modules, seemingly designed to keep their inhabitants stable and comatose near indefinitely so long as they are supplied and powered. They can hold various metatypes of various ages, and some seem sized for other metasapients as well.

Creep checks some readouts with Otters doing the same on drones, while TD takes a count. It looks like there are sort of 3 groupings of around 20 each, evidence that a half dozen were recently moved, some other open spots and some prepped open units. The ones that are running are fully sealed and the team can’t see inside, but based on the readouts they are all filled. Heat gets the camera data and scrubs through it, finding The Auditor’s visit from the previous day, and then goes back for the audio, though he warns the team to hurry as the local net seems to have an aggressive threshold for Overwatch Score.

Heat also hunkers into the doorway while holding the door near shut as a guard patrol passes, hoping not to be noticed and delighted when Aradia’s spell holds. The Auditor seems to have arrived, insisted a half dozen of the containers be shipped to Denver, and offers additional payment for the change in plans. When questioned by one of the smugglers, he kills him with some kind of magic the team doesn’t recognize, that he seems to benefit from in some way. The smugglers then quickly deal with the body and get the containers ready to ship (they look like they are built modularly to fit easily into isotainers) as The Auditor leaves.

Heat tells the team they need to go, so they exit, and sneak back into the storage room, with Heat taking longer distance looper shots from outside the room to avoid tripping the audio sensors again. Unfortunately, Aradia bangs into a shelf while floating back towards the crate, so they decide to trigger their backup plan, and TD gets their spell dropped and gets into character. The rest of the team hop in the crate and try to get prepared mentally to spend days in a box with few preparations getting shipped to Seattle. Only Creep is excited, and both he and Aradia can already tell that Heat’s nervous energy is gonna be a problem.

TD, as The Auditor, manages to cow the guards who quickly arrive, though they still insist that “he” leaves with them. TD asks for the bathroom, refusing their offer of refreshment, and then listens in from inside as the guards try to get ahold of Gow, or any of the people who usually deal with high-end clients. TD re-emerges and insists on being taken back to shore immediately, suggesting they improve their security and not speak of “his” surprise inspection out of turn. The guards give in, seemingly worried about The Auditor’s deadly magic.

TD gets dropped off back at Deep Diver, and hangs there for a short while, still behaving as The Auditor, while the place fills up, before sneakily swapping disguises in the bathroom and hopping in the job van where Otters has it out front. They head back to the safehouse, grab all the gear they brought and bought that they want to bring back with them, and call it in to Stiletto. They spend a day hanging around LA going to museum exhibits and restaurants- there’s a new ghoul societies ones that is pretty cool- and then get flown back to Denver via VTOL.

In the crate, Creep quickly decides to Narcoject Heat, with Aradia backing up with spellcraft as needed, so Heat doesn’t blow it for them. They get delivered to some docks in Seattle that are controlled by the Triad, uncrated, and left to their own devices after some slightly menacing banter from the syndicate members. With Creep and Aradia both having left Seattle under less than perfectly ideal circumstances last time, they decide not to push their luck and head straight to SeaTac.

They call Stiletto, who books them tickets, and pay a smuggler to get their illicit gear stowed without getting scanned. They grab some drinks at the airport bar, fly back to Denver and get picked up by Otters at DIA. They head back to the safehouse, write it all up, and send it into Stiletto, who seems really stressed out, especially since The Auditor mentioned needing to deal with someone who is looking into him. She says she needs to keep her head down, but will be in touch soon with more work.

The team also hears from Niall O’Connor via Arcane that PPJ’s clone(?) body was missing by the time his team got to Carcean but that he was able to recover an unspecified amount of the Tarot. He offers them opportunities for work in the Court if they find themselves out that way again, as they seem like a capable group. Aradia also hears back from Kobold, and gets some background info on the first batch of applicants for The Order of the Garter. And no obvious Black Lodge so far! So that’s good. Aradia books the first meeting, wanting to get things rolling.

Heat hears from a new contact at Horizon, Brionna Talbert, who is going to be managing their social media and public awareness to keep their activities on the DL as much as possible. She also insists Heat come up with a new name for either his music or his running, as he’s been using the same for both, and Heat decides to do music as Sizzle from now on. He trades her the info the team got on Green Water Bay and the Deep Lacuna in exchange, which Brionna seems delighted by. The team is a little leery of where this relationship may lead, but all go along with it for now, since Horizon already runs most of the apps anyway…

The next day, after getting paid and resting up, Cat gets ahold of them again, and says she has a weird one- a lot of Johnsons in town seem to all be looking for the same guy, she doesn’t know much about the target but she’s had three different offers, all with slightly different goals. They get the basic rundown, and do what research they can on the Johnsons. 1 is a new in town ASPS operative, 1 seems to be a false name used by Rosalyn Hernandez, the head of the IOND, and one is corporate fixer with a decent rep, who seems to work for one of the big 3 Japanacorps, and is a TM.

The corpo, Hank Tom, is hiring for wetwork, but paying the most, with a bonus for speed and body delivery. The IOND/Hernandez is paying in the middle, and will pay a flat rate for a body, but will pay higher for and would prefer live delivery. The ASPS, via Louis Belaran, is paying the least, but insists on alive and well delivery. After some back and forth, the team votes. Heat wants to go with Hank Tom, as he prioritizes pay. PPJ goes for the IOND along with Creep, though some of the rest of the team is worried about Black Lodge infiltration there. The ASPS ends up winning with the other 3 votes, so they contact Belaran.

He insists on meeting in person, in a decent hotel in the west burbs. He cuts a dashing figure, with a bonded blade focus, a stylish shadow cloak, and a number of other items and trinkets suggesting he is a frequent astral traveller. He also he has strong French accent and a pencil mustache, which The Detective is a fan of. He briefs them on what he knows of the job and target, which is basically not much aside from location, a remote safehouse literally in a mountain west of town. He says they’ll need to complete the job within the next 12 hours, as he worries others in town are already looking for this individual too and don’t have his best interests in mind, which the team confirms.

Heat negotiates the hell out of it, but Belaran says he the ASPS is unfortunately underfunded, though he offers services, favors, or info in addition to pay in exchange. The team gets ready to head out to the mountains, feeling that speed may be the best tactic here….

Fun in the Sun
3/11/2024, 5:25:22 PM
Runners
Creep
The Detective
Otters aka Roadkill
Pepper Jack
Heat
Aradia

In Zecorporatum: Pepperjack arranges with Bartholomew Barkins to set up a meeting with the Rat King, hoping to secure aid against this end of the Taco Temple ritual. PPJ goes out to poke around and tries to do some research but fails to figure out the local matrix infrastructure and just gets a general feel for the stratification of the plane. Upon his return to Barkins’ office, a dire rat follows him in, and Barkins makes introductions. PPJ follows the rats, scaring off some Stabbers with a mana ball on the way down.

They descend below the street level where the team first entered, and continue going further and further down, through series’ of biomechanical sewers, until they find themselves in a large carved culvert. On a crude throne across some stagnant water, and surrounded by ledges covered in rats, sits what at first looks like a humanoid figure, but quite tall. PPJ takes a closer look and sees that it is actually a mass of rats, roiling over each other to maintain a human form, while a shabby crown bobbles along on top of it’s “head”.

PPJ makes a deal with the Rat King, who seems quite amused by him, even though he totally misunderstands the social system down here, partially due to being on Guts. The Rat King sends a dozen dire rats with PPJ who follows them back topside, and using illusion and stealth, sneaks each rat into position in a different TT analogue. He notices they each have some kind of alchemical prep with them. He stays near the final rat and watches the mana line heading out of the plane towards Carcean, until it starts to throb and disrupt, then signals the rat.

He notices the rats all seem to have some kind of pack mind gestalt, and are able to communicate, so he assumes that what he witnesses is repeated 11 more times across the city plane. He watches as the rat cracks open and drinks the vial, grows massively in size, and bashes out through the wall, eating the sigil as it goes. It keeps growing chaotically before bursting in a mess of fur and guts. PPJ uses the confusion to sneak off, hearing sounds suggesting this has indeed happened elsehwere. He checks the astral and sees that the ritual seems disrupted, so calls it job done.

Feeling a light tug on his pants leg, he looks down to find another rat, which once again guides him deeper and deeper into the sewers. He goes even further down this time, taking Guts again to stave off the fear and nerves, and securing the small package he was given by the Rat King after testing it’s water-proofness. Reaching a junction of a number of sewage pipes, where there is a whirlpool at the confluence, the rat indicates they should enter, and they do.

They swirl around madly and PPJ loses track of space and time, barely managing to hold his breath and keep it together, before emerging in some more “normal” looking sewers. The rat that came with him hacks up some foul liquid, and then heads off down a narrow ledge, so PPJ follows. After a completely confusing series of twists and turns, he enters a larger cavernous space, where crudely carved rock suddenly gives way to a large rug topped with a fully laden dining table.

Behind the table sits a huge, somewhat stony man, who is eating from the feast at the table using disturbingly spindly long arms. The rat approaches, and they briefly confer, possibly using some magic, before the rat hops on the table and joins in the feast. The man summons Pepperjack over and introduces himself as Doublewide. PPJ notices that he is standing on top of a covered pit trap, and after commenting on it and making a strange but decent impressions, Doublewide offers to allow him to leave and guide him out if PPJ will do a task for him.

Not seeing other good options, and nervous about whatever large hungry thing is in the pit, he agrees, and a Watcher spirit takes him out. PPJ is surprised to emerge via a ladder (once again thoroughly lost) into the Smoky Hill Bazaar in the Aurora Warrens. He calls the team and Otters smuggles him out with the VTOL. They debrief at the safehouse about their assorted activities since they last saw each other, and then they notice that the Watcher followed PPJ to the safehouse. Getting a little concerned about opsec, they debate destroying it, but decide to merely use some subterfuge instead since it hasn’t manifest.

PPJ heads to the IOND and chats with Darien Black about his adventures, feeling like he may have finally made a bit of a good impression. Black also converses with the Watcher, and convinces it to stay in PPJ’s room at the IOND until he finishes his task and reports in, whence it can return to Doublewide, apparently also bearing a message from Black as well. PPJ rejoins the team, prepared to dig in, before they brief him on their upcoming job, with travel to LA already booked. They also hear that a lot of fixers, fences, talismongers and the like around town have been getting raided by the ZDF in the aftermath of the theft at the seized foci vault, but the team seems to have avoided implication in the attack, so far…..

They decide to party for now, and start getting ready for the NYE party/performance. Heat edits together a supercut of rats and ZCorp stuff, sped way up, to accompany his set. Aradia gets help from the team to put together a promotional text for, and spread the word of, a new group called the Order of the Garter that she is hoping to build up into a magical + mundane sex worker and other people association and magic order. Allie, Jan Drysik, Indy Chrysanthos, Cauldron, Sparks Junipero, Trinket, and the Mistress of Mana reply that they are interested.

Worried about Black Lodge infiltration given recent history, Aradia also asks PPJ to help vet new members, and pays Kobold to do some digging on the people she’s unfamiliar with who express interest. Creep sends a love letter to Tilda Aurand, or more of a proposition really, to which she replies positively. They arrange to have a matrix sex hang for the new year’s and Creep stocks up on old school VR hotsim tech for the occasion, telling StepMAMA to KO him if he seems to get link locked or stays in there too long. She is still talking with a strange medieval flourish.

The rest of the team head to the concert, finally given the secret location at a Reservoir in the Warrens! The Detective is excited for potential flotation in the biggest bath tub yet, Aradia and PPJ plan to take some party drugs, and Heat is playing. Otters wanders the crowd, vibing. The first performer, Songpaqqq, sings along to a pack of 10 Song Dogs, who circulate the audience, eliciting tips and chill feelings. Otters has a friendly interaction with one dog, and sees another one knock a drunk grabby guy on his ass with a loud discordant burst of bass. The dogs’ fur shifts in time to the music, making for a very hypnotic experience.

As that set finishes and the sun goes down, the crowd turns a little rowdier, and some local gangers start setting off fireworks. Aradia and PPJ take their doses as Heat starts his intense, rapid pace, set. They peak just as he finishes, with his ZCorp video playing on a hacked ad blimp floating over the reservoir. ZDF drones start showing up as the gangers set off more larger fireworks, the crowd still seems in generally good spirits. Glock .50 plays a quick, hard set, opening with a cover of “Hearts of Chrome” with Johnny Silver on guest vocals.

This is a big hit with the crowd, and the gangers finish off the fireworks with some airburst smoke clouds to give all the attendees cover to get out of there as more ZDF crowd control drones start to mass. Partied out, the team returns to the safehouse and rests. The next day, Heat calls Stiletto and they figure out transit and ID’s for LA. The team stock up on some necessary gear, and head out, using what seems to be a decommissioned UCAS cargo plane to fly out, landing at a private airfield outside LA, and taking a locally provided van to the no-tell motel that Stiletto has rented some rooms at. They stash their gear in the smuggling compartment in the van and sleep, ready to start surveillance the next day. Heat calls the number he was given and sets up a meeting with Gary Cline.

Arriving at the Horizon HQ in downtown LA the next morning, Heat just walks right in and up, greeted warmly by many, and surprised at the lowkey security. He enters Cline’s office and gets a hearty handshake and back slap, admiring Cline’s artful dress and chiselled physique, as well as the low profile magical and matrix security provided by what can only be ResonANTs lining the spaces around the windows (assuming they aren’t just screens?). Regardless, a commanding view, and Heat has to really make an effort to play it cool as Cline makes him some rich, thick Turkish coffee.

He holds it together and has a fairly interesting, though cliche-strewn, conversation, and gets some offers of future work and opportunities for advancement, in exchange for Horizon helping Heat and team keep a low profile- making sure they stay off the radar of those they don’t want to be noticed by. Cline is quite friendly but also quickly runs out of time, and Heat is ushered out, once again clearly guided and moved along by friendly corp personnel. He emerges back into the LA sunshine, and wanders over to where the team has begun their surveillance.

The rest of the team spent the morning driving around, noticing a number of sinkholes and craters throughout Downtown that seem to be an established part of the environment. They don’t bother to investigate and stay on task. Amazingly, they find The Auditor in the predicted area of activity with relative ease. He seems to be meandering the streets, engaged in casual conversation with assorted customers in various cafes and restaurants. Aradia and Creep do some surveillance as Otters keeps the van moving, having spotted some sort of opps team in a similar van who also spotted them.

Creep also sees that The Auditor has some closer in on foot security who look to be the adept team from Denver. They listen in for a bit as The Auditor asks assorted strange questions of various civilians, very politely, always leaving behind some kind of small gem or token. Aradia approaches, and has a similar interaction, though The Auditor appears to detect some deception from her. She does get a token though, which with a quick analysis seems to be some kind of minor expendable luck effect. Creep sneaks along as The Auditor continues wandering, entering assorted businesses, eating at food carts, and rarely repeating a question.

Otters loses the other van, but hangs back from the surveillance, as Creep and Aradia see the opps van pull back into the area. They follow The Auditor until he enters a fancy downtown hotel just before midnight. Creep stays there overnight, and spots the opps van parked in a nearby alley. No other activity of note occurs until the mid-morning, when The Auditor emerges again, and continues the activities of the previous day. Creep rests a bit in the van while the rest of the team carefully pursues. After another day of wandering and conversing, The Auditor returns to his hotel at the exact same time as the previous night.

Aradia summons a spirit to keep watch with PPJ the next night, and they post up. They also decide to feel out the opps van, so Creep uses his LRAD, bounced off some mirrors to conceal his location, to get in touch. Heat has a secure digital meeting with their rigger, Cosworth, who seems like a real chill surfer bro, but a little cleverer than he pretends. They confirm that Cosworth and team are local pro’s hired on as additional security, but told only to get involved if any kind of threat approaches. So they are happy to extend pro courtesy to the team so long as they stick to surveillance and hang back from a threatening distance, as Heat promises to tip them off if they see any threats approaching.

Once again, nothing happens overnight, though The Auditor starts his day at the exact same time again. The day proceeds as expected, and the team is starting to get a little nervous, so they check in with Stiletto, who urges them to watch for variations, as they think about old spy tactics and the like. They’ve also noticed that The Auditor never carries tech, leaving that to his adept bodyguards. After another full day of strange conversations, they see The Auditor head back to the hotel at the same time again, though this time he smoothly heads straight through the lobby and dips out the back to hop in a limo with the adepts, seemingly having ditched his in-town hired help.

Otters gives chase, and manages to follow the limo to a bar called The Deep Diver which is directly adjacent to an especially large sinkhole, which is full of water, and has some docks in it for submersibles and the like. The bar has multiple levels and seems to be hopping, and also has a few rooftop landing pads. PPJ watches the parking lot and front entrance, Otters takes drones up to watch the roof, and The Detective slips around back to watch the docks. Aradia, Creep and Heat all head inside, Heat and Creep paying cover charges, and post up around the room, though Heat is mostly too busy dancing to get much intel.

They spot The Auditor at a well-guarded booth in the corner, and Heat notices his mask occasionally slips and he seems like some sort of outsider watching ants under a magnifying glass, or animals in a zoo, as he observes the dance floor. Creep hides out once inside and palms the laser mic out, though The Auditor seems to just be drinking by himself. After some time passes, The Auditor suddenly stands, moves smoothly through the crowd and up the stairs to the private areas, with 2 adept guards behind while the other 2 start patrolling. Venue security closes off the stairs, seemingly having something pre-arranged.

Otters, outside, see one of the adepts check a balcony and pull shut some heavy curtains over the glass doors in one room, and gets Morticia to put a laser mic on it. Creep sneaks into the back and sends himself up to that room in the dumbwaiter. Heat starts poking at the matrix security for the club. TD sees two tough-looking individuals show up at the docks in retractable top sub, and hop out, heading into the club through the service entrance and being allowed up the stairs.

They enter the room with The Auditor and between Creep and Moritica, the team gets a pretty clear recording of the 2 new arrivals meeting with The Auditor, before The Auditor seemingly detects something and insists they relocate. They all quickly link up with the adepts, load into the sub, and descend into the water in the sinkhole. The team is worried they’ve lost the lead, but manage to glean enough info from running the new arrivals in Mona Lisa and reviewing what they got of their conversation to have some leads. The new arrivals are smugglers from the Dark Wave Syndicate, with one of them, a Chinese ork named Gow, being possibly quite high up.

The other smuggler was chastised during the meeting for mentioning “Green Water Bay”, and Otters knows this a kind of smuggler legend, which they confirm with Stiletto. Supposedly it was a mostly completed aquacology when the LA Lacuna occurred, breaking it from it’s moorings and supposedly vanishing. However, rumors have long circulated that some lucky scavengers found it deep in a Lacuna cavern and started rehabbing it, turning it into a major PacRim smuggling hub. The team doesn’t have great leads on location yet but at least knows where to start looking.

Heat tries to convince Stiletto that they finished the job, but she is way too worried about the “secret project that is ahead of schedule” that The Auditor eluded to, which they are on there way to check in on, and insists they stick with it, promising bonus pay plus medical, in addition to transit back to Denver and a promise of future work. They agree, and prepare to start investigating the mysteries of the Deep Lacuna….

Foamer Heist
3/4/2024, 10:53:29 AM
Runners
Creep
The Detective
Otters aka Roadkill
Heat
Aradia

With the intel packet, blueprints and key provided by Niki The Gardiner, the team starts doing some recon for the heist, hoping to fit it in before the New Year’s blowout that Heat is planning to play. They do some matrix research on the train museum, and find an archaic messageboard for train fans, it seems to be a very small group of volunteers and regular attendees who keep the place going as best they can, but it seems like it is not popular. Heat is able to detect a hidden, high powered host running silent behind the shitty public website, but decides not to chance hacking it right now.

Looking at the blueprints, they see that the space underneath the museum was built by the early UCAS as some sort of fallout shelter/archive, but may never have been actually activated. Regardless it seems like digital records of it were lost in one of the other of the matrix crashes, making it a good secret vault- aside from the fact that someone found the original plans! They ID a guard shed and elevator control room camouflaged as a rusting shipping container set atop a concrete pad which was poured over the open shaft that they excavated the facility through back in the 2010’s.

They are able to find a small, covered, hatch that leads to the maintenance ladder for the elevator, which they assume is what the key they were given should open. Aradia does an astral flyby and sees that there’s likely a ward under the concrete pad, though she can’t get a close look, as well as a half dozen watcher spirits circling idly. The 4 guards that were supposed to be onsite are there but seem relaxed, even bored. Seems likely to be a mostly chill assignment. Due to the museum’s current limited hours, and general state of dilapidation there is noone else onsite.

Otters sneaks the van over and hides it in some mountainside scrub nearby, using the track mod to offroad. She then hooks up to the Valkyrie Module jic and takes Morticia and the VTOL on a surveillance pass, and keeps an eye on the place for the better part of a day. She sees a few volunteers from the foamer board come and tend to the place a bit, but it is obviously an overwhelming amount of work and it is engaged in some visible entropy, which Heat and Aradia have identified as a good way to stir up the messageboard if needed.

Otters sees a shift change, and confirms that there are likely 5 guards underground as well as the 4 above, 3 of whom seem magical. With that, the rest of the team makes their plan, stocks up on gear, and heads over. Aradia and TD cosplay as concerned parents, Heat hacks a school in neighboring Castle Rock to send a few buses full of children on a field trip to the train museum in Front Range and then gets a rideshare over, Creep sneaks over with all the explosives and alchemical preparations. As the school buses pull up, Otters leaves the van and heads into the trainyard from the back with the snake drone accompanying.

Aradia, Heat and TD stir up the messageboard and get a bunch of volunteers over to try to corral the children, and play up some internal disputes in the group, with Heat posing as an obnoxious lurker. TD assigns themselves to crowd control, while staying on comms to provide leadership as needed, and the rest of the team uses the distraction of the field trip chaos to get into position. They get lucky in that the topside guards apparently decide this isn’t their business and all head back inside their guard shed to stop having to answer questions from children about their guns.

Creep pops the invisibility and silence potions prepped by Trinket, and sneaks up to the concrete pad, carefully chipping out the thin concrete above the maintenance hatch and moving it off the side, hiding it in some weedy overgrowth. He carefully uses the key to open the hatch, glad of the silence spell given what was likely some noisy resistance from the old mechanism. TD creates a crowd distraction for Otters and Heat to dash up to the hatch as well, while Aradia approaches invisibly. Luckily she has trained in ward pushing, and just baaaaarely manages to get the team through without tripping it, in two pairs. They all drop most of their spells, with Aradia skillfully sloughing off her invisibility just as she transits.

Creep sneaks to the bottom, still invisible, with the snake drone, and peeks out- with the elevator at the top, the main shaft is otherwise open, they have just a tiny amount of cover in the maintenance ladder shaft adjacent, and Creep is also able to spot the housing for the elevator drive chain as well as the newer tacked on cable housing for the matrix hardline. Looking out into the lobby at the bottom, Creep sees the guard booth as depicted in the blueprints, and sees three bored looking guards sitting inside snacking, 2 mundane and 1 magical, but they don’t see him.

The other 2 mages are visible beyond them in a the large, low-ceilinged storage area, filled with hundreds of seized foci, each individually cased in what looks like clear plastic. Creep sneaks back up the ladder til he’s out of LOS, and then magnet hands over to the cable housing, cracking it open and inserting a data tap, allowing Heat to hack in. Heat is horrified to see that this still has super intense security, and is glad he compiled a small sprite to keep IC off his back. He does manage to get in and start squelching comms from below.

Creep then opens the elevator drive housing, and cuts it with the mini-welder, deciding to stay stealthy instead of setting explosive. Otters gets the snake into position at the bottom and keeps an eye on the guards while Creep sneaks up to the armored door and starts planting the det cord before army crawling off to the side right by one of the windows. Up top TD has gotten the volunteers to fire up some of the engines and start tooting the horns, and befriends a strange and lonely child whose name is Henry but who insists on being called “Henri”. He seems unusually astute but TD can tell he makes the others a bit uncomfortable.

Heat gets a little further into the system, continuing to keep everything looking normal while blocking comms and controls, and Creep blows the door- unfortunately it doesn’t quite get through (not enough det cord!) so he blasts through the latch with the elephant gun. Luckily the guards didn’t have time to engage the additional security bolts. Otters sneaks the snake drone in and KO’s one of the guards. Aradia launches a spell of Foreboding and overwhelms the remaining guards’ mental defenses, though she can see the two in the storage area in back taking cover.

Otters KO’s another one as Creep jams his foot in the door to keep it from shutting and shoots the other, destroying his armor. Creep and Aradia both get hit with some heavy magical energy from the two in back, and Creep is nearly killed. Otters gets the drone into the back and KO’s another mage with a super lucky shot, before Creep blows the guts out of the guard he shot previously, who had fled Aradia’s spell and taken cover. Aradia manages to counter the next spell, and Otters KO’s the final mage.

Heat has taken all their devices down where they are linked to the host, keeping their auto-injectors and biomonitors from triggering, while Aradia does a quick assensing and her and Creep grab the two highest force foci. Heat reports that his sprite warned him off and he has to flee the system, so they retreat, racing back to the ladder as all the devices and comms come back online. They see the elevator start to descend, and then crash down the second half of the shaft as Creep’s sabotage comes into effect. Creep chucks a few thermal smoke grenades behind to cover their escape.

They see the remaining two guards up top looking down the elevator shaft after the fallen car, and all manage to hide in the maintenance ladder aside from Aradia, who gets tagged with a full burst from one of their auto-rifles, nearly falling but managing to keep her grip. Creep swings out on his magnet hand and takes a shot in response, sending one guard flailing back from the edge. The other guard blasts Creep, nearly killing him and knocking him out, though he stays magneted to the wall for now.

The rest of the team has gotten to the top of the of the ladder, with Otters racing the van up towards their position once in comms range. She takes a shot using Creep’s part open cyber-eye feed, blasting the guard inside the guard shed off screen with a full auto burst from the HMG. Otters is then knocked over and injured by the remaining guard while trying to run to the van herself, firing in the air to clear children. Otters plays dead for the moment, while Heat KO’s the final guard with S’N’S.

TD exfiltrates and heads for the team while trying to direct children away from the firefight, and Heat heads back into the ladder to try to save Creep, though he’s so slow that Aradia has to use a levitate to actually get Creep out of there, though she lets Heat pretend he was doing it as they all load into the van. Aradia destroys two Watcher spirits that are following as they flee into the mountains, with the rest retreating or remaining behind. Otters maxes out the stealth on the van and takes the most difficult route possible to limit pursuit, and some of the team spot border patrol drones looking for them nearby. Aradia cleans up their astral space to make them less trackable.

However, they make good their escape, and re-camo the van, heading back onto city streets from mountain rural roads. They hook Creep up to the Valkyrie and wake him up, and bust open the reagent cases after checking for trackers and traps and get those into the biofiber bag. They head for the meet with Niki, wanting to ditch the objects ASAP. After confirming their quality, she pays up and seems delighted by their success, though she warns them again to not tell anyone about this. She says Vishala will be thrilled and will have more work soon, for sure, as well as maybe some of her other regular Johnsons.

They take their pay and head back to the safehouse, planning to chill until the NYE celebration. They get a call from Stiletto directly this time, offering an opportunity for another surveillance job against The Auditor, this time with travel to LA- Heat is thrilled and says they will accept in the new year! As he really wants to go to LA and follow up on his meeting offer with Gary Cline, CEO of Horizon. The rest of the team agrees, though with some reluctance given’s Heat’s love of CEO’s….

Across the Astral Sea
2/27/2024, 1:21:05 PM
Runners
Creep
The Detective
Otters aka Roadkill
Heat
Aradia

PPJ stays behind to work on disrupting the ZCorp end of the ritual, with Barkins offering to help him contact some of the various Blackjacks and Anarchs that have previously tried to destroy the Taco Temple analogues here. Aradia warns PPJ again of rumors that the Black Lodge has made bargains with Blackjacks in the past of unknown specification, and he promises to watch his back. The rest of the team bust out the Map of the Astral Ways and the Sextant of World copy, which impress Barkins, who says if they are ever looking to part with such items or if they can uncover the secrets of their manufacture, he knows many clients who would pay well for the info.

With some skilled analysis of the magical trail heading out of the plane, and some navigational assistance from Creep and Otters, the team figures out that they need to either go way up or way down- the plane can’t be exited at it’s edges, as they had encountered while scouting TT locations with Barkins. Deciding to avoid the domain of the Rat King for now, they all link hands and Aradia uses a powerful levitate spell in concert with a high force illusion to make them look like one of the aircars they see zipping by over head.

With The Detective’s gift at leadership, they are able to inspire Aradia to safely fly them up and out of the plane without any altercations, though their relatively slow speed almost results in a number of crashes and the near misses are shocking enough. They avoid the white spire at the center of the plane but edge near to it and slip out into a wide expanse of twilit white sand dunes. The dunes seem to move although the “air” seems still, and they realize that there is no obvious light source to explain the dusky shadows.

Still levitating, they continue following the magical trail, with Aradia doing some impressive work to keep an eye on it while also floating the whole team along and keeping an eye on the Map and Sextant as well, with TD, Creep and Otters all helping. Heat mostly is just overwhelmed by the strangeness though he plays it real cool, especially as there no traces of the matrix out here. Creep spots distant changes in the sand that might be strange ruins or could be the entrances to other metaplanes, but they steer clear, not seeking additional adventure at the moment.

After they’ve travelled for an indeterminate amount of time, they close in on what they think must be Carcean’s location, if they trust their map, which they partially verify using Creep’s Geiger counter to check Miggon’s rough proximity, and avoid it. They enter into the plane, but in the transition, Aradia loses the trail they were following. They find themselves in a dilapidated medieval European plague village, which Creep ID’s from the architecture. He scales a bell tower near the center of the small hamlet and takes a look around the plane, while Aradia is almost lured into a well by the sound of buzzing flies, which as she gets closer seem to almost resolve into a decipherable voice.

Heat, TD, and the mule drone (which has gone through a series of strange transitions in all the plane hopping, now looking donkey like) manage to haul Aradia back from the edge and she mostly snaps out of it, though remains curious. Creep reports back that he spotted a bunch of different small areas separated by wide expanses of barren, dead terrain. Each area looks like an analogue for a different historical plague, with more temporally recent ones being the furthest from their current location. Checking the map and sextant, they see that although it focuses slightly on the plane they are on it does not given them specific internal information- so seems primarily useful for navigating the endless dune sea between planes.

Creep also spotted two areas of movement nearish-by: a large excavation of some sort at a closeby jungly area, and what looks like a post-apocalyptic go-gang traveling through the dead zone between plague villages. The team wonders if this is the all-vamp go-gang from Miggon that they had heard of, but are unsure what they are doing here, so decide to steer clear for now and check out the excavation. Sneaking over, with TD helping Heat get the hang of the “sneaky peeky” maneuver, they spy a large collection of AZT-brand earth movers and excavators, strung up with chains laden with alchemical preparations.

After some analysis, Aradia suggests that these are likely to keep the machines from adapting to the local paradigm, and Creep and Aradia recognize the gear that the people working them are wearing as also being for the same purpose, looking like more advanced/mechanical versions of their shadow cloaks. These bring to mind both the APEP Consortium’s “rift jumper” suits and ARES’ Encounter suits that the team found data on courtesy of Dr. Aurand. They watch for a bit, and Heat is able to scrape a little intel from the local WorkNET that the excavation expedition is running to link up comms and gear.

What they learn is that this is likely an AZT opp, based in Miggon, excavating plague pits and other burial sites/corpses here to seek material for experimentation (this likely also implies weaponization though it is not stated). The guards seems to have control over the suit functions of most of the workers, implying that the staff here isn’t likely all volunteer, or even necessarily willing. The alchemists seems to be the only Awakened in the group, and Aradia confirms that the background counts are pretty bad, so that checks out.

After they watch a while, and see the workers separating flesh from bone from the excavated burial pit, they see a post-apocalyptic truck roll up, slowly turning more and more anachronistic and starting to shift to the local paradigm. A group of Gnawers emerge and seem to engage in a trade of scrap parts and reagents for the bones the AZT excavators have set aside, before hurrying on their way before their truck fully finishes it’s transformation. It also looks like AZT site security had been expecting this visit and had deployed to counter any threat from the Gnawers, so as they redeploy to a more regular perimeter, the team sneaks off, not wanting to get spotted.

Avoiding further plague towns, they do occasionally feel called towards them though TD and Heat hold the group together. Otters and Aradia are having an especially hard time, and the team is a little worried at seeing their shadow cloaks decaying faster than the others. They see other plague villages filled with strange acolytes worshipping dark spirits and engaging in disturbing rituals, but manage to stay their course as they head towards the more historically recent area. As they reach the mid-2000’s VITAS analogue zone, they spot a chance to ambush the vamp biker gang and take it, having spotted that they are carrying captives.

Heat and Creep manage to drop the first two bikers in the ambush, but after coming under attack from the survivors, Heat forgoes saving the hostages and blows up their bikes and gear with a grenade, though the remaining vamps escape in mist form. Aradia considers giving chase but as the only assensor abandons that plan. They search the two semi-intact bikes, and free those two captives, though Creep quickly shoots one of them in the head to everyone’s surprise, before he explains that it was another Pepper-Jack who was also bleeding purple!

The lone survivor turns out to be some sort of fire elemental person made of cracked rock and caked ash, and introduces himself as Absolom, saying he will owe them a favor for the rescue, and asking if he can take the one useable bike and be on his way, saying that he was captured along his trade route when he swung too close to Miggon at one of the points where it connects to the Plane of Fire. He gives them his info should they find themselves there in future, and takes off quickly before they change their mind.

Aradia levitates the PPJ body along with them as they continue, figuring it might be useful. They find the most recent area of the plane, which looks to be some kind of bizarre combo of a number of different metropoli from around the world- London, Lagos, Hong Kong, Metropole, Berlin, but most predominantly, Seattle. Aradia stashes the PPJ bod in a HK style alley near the edge of this area. As they venture in, they find that it seems to be growing and shifting around them, as if it isn’t fully there yet- they find it occasionally seems transluscent, and more of their cloaks burn off as they try to hold onto their senses of self.

Using Otters’ drone skills (which she seems happier to focus on) the team avoids the Myrmidon patrols throughout the branching streets and alleys, and Aradia is finally able to get a bead on the ritual- interestingly, they seem to have once again cleansed the mana in this area thoroughly, so she should be able to cast freely as well. They spot another ritual circle of 12 infected mages, maintaining what Aradia thinks might be a Blood Gestalt- a sort of horrifying pooling of sacrificial energies to attain some large scale magic. This is likely where the hostages were bound, so death by grenade may have been the preferable outcome after all….

They also spot 6 reserve mages resting in a small camp setup, and worst of all, a scarred but very much alive Martin DeVries prowling the perimeter, with both his enchanted knife and now with a burnt axe with the word “White” carved in the haft. They decide now’s the time to use the strange Tarot card they got on ZCorp, so Creep activates, slicing his palms open with the edges as the cards melts and flows into his hands, healing the wounds. He gets a sort of 6th Sense of DeVries’ location, which they use to plot another ambush. Heat overclocks his augs to the max, and everyone loads up on drugs.

They our fire down on DeVries with Heat focusing on cracking his armor while Creep blasts him with wood pulp rounds to keep him from regenerating. Otters focuses fire with the mule drone on the resting reserve mages to keep them distracted while Aradia uses spells and dispelling to blunt DeVries’ magical powers. Otters hooks up a chunk of C4 to the snake drone and starts it crawling towards the ritual to try to disrupt it. DeVries goes after Creep, worried about the wood pulp, and Creep just barely heroically dodges as they dump more fire on him. The team comes under psychic assault from the pinned down reserve mages, taking some heavy damage.

They finally stagger DeVries but are horrified as the demon statue amulet he wears around his neck glows and he rises again. They blast through his recast armor spell and both Heat and Creep take called shots on the amulet, cracking and bursting it into an orb of strange green energy, which badly injures Creep before he is felled by another psychic attack. They team hears screams from a number of different voices emerging from the sickly, crackling sphere of energy, but there is no sing of DeVries, so they think they got him.

Otters detonates the C4 and Heat and the Mule dump fire on the ritual until it collapses, and start picking off mages as they desperately try to hold the Blood Gestalt under their power as it starts sucking them dry, the team horrified to watch as multiple mages at a time go from grape to raisin as their fluids are drained into the massive growing Blood Spirit in the center of the ritual space. They fire on the floating chunk of strange onyx metal there and it shatters, blasting the rest of the mages with shrapnel and critically distracting them, allowing the Blood Spirit to consume the remainder of them.

TD has been sneaking around confirming kills on any fallen Infected mages with their flame thrower, and dashes back towards the team as Aradia also goes down from spell damage. Heat starts collecting everyone together around Creep’s body and frantically searching in his leg for the Aes Sidhe Banrigh card as well as the sprig of wheat they had bought for just such an occasion. As the Blood Spirit speaks some horrifying word that their brains can hardly comprehend, Otters and even TD quail in terror, leaving only Heat to get them out of there.

In a panic, he fumbles the deck and Tarot cards go flying everywhere, though he manages to grab the ASB one and light the wheat. The card disappears into a cloud of smoke, and it smells faintly foresty. Pulling as hard as his overclocked limbs can, and controlling the mule through the TacNET, Heat manages to get everyone moving or sliding or being dragged into the smoke, and just keep walking, kicking a few Tarot cards along with where he can.

As the last of most of their shadow cloaks burn off, they find themselves atop some of pillar of stone, surrounded by windows overlooking various forest scenes around what seems to be a large castle. Heat slaps medkits and trauma patches on everyone and at TD and Otters gradually overcome their terror they start helping too. They get Creep and Aradia revived, and use the map and sextant to confirm that they indeed at the Seelie Court. Heat reports feeling as if the smoke could have lead them various places, so they feel lucky to be in a closed chamber with noone else around?

After they heal and debrief on what just occurred, they are surprised by a knock at the door, and the entrance of two beings who look near identical, except one seems slightly spectral. As he questions them about who they are, how they arrived here, and what they seek, he gradually seems friendlier and friendlier, though they seem almost unable to deceive him. After name-dropping their team as “Hired Power”, he introduces himself as Niall O’Connor, and say it was lucky it was he that discovered them. He instructs his spectral ally Mathanas to remain and watch the door, and he becomes more corporeal, to the point that the two men are indistinguishable.

They talk Mathanas into making some magical furniture for them to rest on, and providing some healing, and then merely wait as some of their cloaks are fully gone and they’ve been warned about eating and drinking in this place. Looking out the various windows, they notice that they don’t seem to have a contiguous view, which is confusing. After what seems like a few hours, Niall returns and says that he has secured a deal to get them back to material plane destination of their choosing (they request Denver), and in exchange for intel on what they just encountered as well as the location of the dropped Tarot cards, he upgrades their astral map with a deft hand.

He instructs them to wait til nightfall, leaving Mathanas on guard, and returns then with cloaks for them to wear, explaining there is a large ball this evening which they will use as cover for moving through the castle unnoticed. He takes them down a series of stairs and passages, with them all working hard to stay together and not be tempted off by strange and delightful smells and sounds just around a corner here or there. They enter some lower levels of the castle, and continue descending, finding themselves eventually transitioning from passageways of stone to earth, entering what Aradia and Creep recognize as a system of Passage Graves.

This seems to lead them outside the walls, as they eventually emerge in a forested grove where they find a cozy cabin waiting. Niall lights a fire and seats them around it, telling them to focus on the flame, as he and their surrounding drift backwards. After a moment of darkness and confusion, they find themselves waking up the the distinct sunrise of the material plane, with a Fomorian troll cooking breakfast in another cozy cottage. He serves them up food, blending some for Creep, and welcomes them back to Earth. He says his name is Dan and he’ll be arranging passage for them from here. After asking some questions about ways and means, he warns them to stay away from the crackling rift outside the cottage, and leaves to contact some people.

He provides them a Satlink to make a quick call to Ringmaster with a basic mission debrief, and then they rest and eat until he loads them up in a cloaked zodiac, and gets them aboard a fishing vessel with a Scouser crew, who get them ashore in England, where they are picked up by a Transit van and driven to Heathrow. They take a suborbital, while all their gear is smuggled separately on a cargo flight to Dean Costello’s “import/export” warehouse, which Aradia calls to arrange with him. They arrive back in Denver after an impressively quick flight, and Otters goes to pick up the van while the rest of the team heads to the warehouse.

They pay off Dean, grab their gear, and get it all stowed again, before calling Ringmaster back for a more thorough debrief. Ringmaster is excited about their success, though PPJ has yet to return, so they’ll have to see what happened in ZCorp still. Also, Taco Temple remains a global presence, and has just opened their first orbital branch on ZO with “more to come”, but an analysis of their food shows that although the Carcean reagent is still present in some of it, it seems inert at this point. So they chalk it up to job well done, and get some payout. They also give a general metaplanar debrief, and Ringmaster pitches them on being a dual-realm ops team for Grey Cell, which they agree to, since many of their number are excited for more metaplanar jaunts.

He also reports some optional paydata follow-ups: apparently an SK exec is the father of the lead on the team of dwarves who died shutting down the Earthside Ordo ritual, and the exec was able to salvage at least some bits of his daughter. He’s put out the word that he’s looking for solid connections to “brain in a jar” sustainability and also seeking copies of the “Jack’B’Nimble” program or other means of reliably creating e-ghosts, so it seems like whatever state his daughter is in is not currently sustainable. Since Ringmaster thinks a high level SK exec would be good to have in pocket for Grey Cell, he encourages the team to pass along any relevant leads.

He also suggests that Heat ought to seek out contact with Perri/the Nexus about what he noticed in ZCorp and the Seelie Court- it seems like their local matrix analogues are changing, and are more present than has been previously reported. Ringmaster says that Perri has been throwing around terms like “nous” and the “the noosphere” referring to a new investigation of hers, and suggests the team could get involved in that. He also thanks them for the note from ZCorp and says that once/if he is able to confirm it, he will likely have more work for them, and that it could be a pretty big deal if true, and not a trap. He is disturbed of what the AZT excavators on Carcean could mean for their bioweapons division, but is also intrigued as he has heard rumors of them working on an HMHVV “cure” as well.

He takes his leave for the time being, welcoming them back to Earth. The team is also relieved that not much time has passed- it seems like the bulk of their time in the metaplanes was actually spent roaming the astral sea, which seems odd in retrospect, but they are glad to have had the shadow cloaks, which seem to have done their job well, as they were only gone for 4 days or so in total. Back in Denver, and needing to restock on some expended gear, they accept a call from Niki the Gardener about another job, once again for Vishala, the femme fatale that PPJ and Heat lost their cool over after the previous job.

Niki runs the meet and gives the details: a big payday (which Heat negotiates up, feeling he maxed out the new fixer’s budget) for a risky gig- stealing high force foci from ZDF impound! As summoning is illegal, summoning foci are often seized by the ZDF, and Niki has a line on where they keep the seizures. She passes along some solid recon intel, as well as a maintenance key to the facility. She offers bonus pay for bonus foci, at least of a certain quality level, and tells the team they are welcome to keep some for themselves but that she doubts any fence in town would take them, and warns the team that if they are caught with them, especially bonded to them, it would be big trouble.

With those caveats in mind, they are welcome to do as they will! Niki requests the team keep this on the DL, even from Cat and other trusted fixers, given the riskiness. They take off, excited to plan a regular old heist.

Meatcab for Cuties
2/19/2024, 11:11:34 AM
Runners
Creep
The Detective
Otters aka Roadkill
Pepper Jack
Heat
Aradia

Otters, TD, Heat and Aradia head to the dinner, with Otters using her high lifestyle SIN and the rest posing as her entourage. Heat and Aradia do some social engineering to figure out dress codes and appropriate behavior. Creep tags along as a bodyguard, figuring this will give him a little more leeway to wander. PPJ stays nearby offsite to act as backup or distraction if needed. The team goes in light other than Creep who sneaks in a polymer pistol using his excellent palming.

They get a good look at the high end security at Above It All, as well as the commanding views from the roof, which are broadcast on trid screens throughout the restaurant’s lower levels. Creep spots a few different scanners, seemingly MAD and explosive, and also some covert security personnel dressed as staff who don’t seem to be performing any of the duties of the other staff on hand, which gives them away. There are also more overt security in the lobby, as well as some other client’s bodyguards.

Heat maps out the matrix system as best he can- not many cameras or sensors, only on the entrances, and there is an offsite spider keeping an eye on it, though probably not dedicated to solely this location. The host doesn’t look to have anything nefarious, just booking, book-keeping, client list etc. So potential payday but nothing needed for this job. Heat also gets the list of sources of the restaurant’s fresh, local fare, which is proudly advertised on the menu, and which he is able to source back to various local farms and smallscale livestock operations in the nearby area.

Aradia checks out the astral and finds the security mage on-site and watching for trouble, as promised, as well as the extensive wards in addition to the dense greenery surrounding the rooftop of espaliers and trellises. She does it sneakily enough to not get spotted, and doesn’t see any other magical staff, though once again some of the other patrons and their security have various levels of ability. Otters does a comms check, and while the restaurant’s jammers are high quality, knows she can punch through as needed.

They all do some social team-work to get a little more intel from the waiter, and Creep wanders a bit, seeing that the entrances to the staff areas require RFIDs to enter, and that the well-surveilled and guarded elevator is the only obvious path between levels. Aradia flirts with the bartender a bit and hears that it gets pretty windy on the roof, so they take that into account with their plan. After they leave, Otters does a few stealth drone fly-bys of the roof, getting a good look, and they decide to rest for the night.

The next day, they stock up on supplies, with Creep buying some additional mic options, as well as a custom ghillie suit at a hunting supplier to match the greenery on the roof, and an emergency parachute in case he needs to make a quick escape. That night after the restaurant closes, Otters stealthily drops Creep onto the green roof, with Creep landing and moving carefully to not sink in enough to hit the ward. He finds a sturdy position and hunkers down to wait. Heat scouts out some bars nearby that are open various hours, and finds the team non-obvious positions to come hang out the next evening for the job, in case they are needed.

Creep watches the restaurant slowly open back up the next day as the team rests elsewhere, returning to the bars nearby in the late afternoon. Otters waits to gets drones up until Creep reports sighting the first of the two targets: Wade Takao, the Evo regional VP, who shows up with two cybered-up bodyguards. Upsettingly, one of them seems to notice Creep’s small burst of comms traffic, so Creep decides to go full matrix silence for the rest of the job. He also hid well enough that Otters is unable to spot him with the support drone she launches, but Heat monitors comms traffic a bit and doesn’t any suspicious increase from the restaurant, so they assume Creep has gone dark for a good reason but hasn’t been spotted.

Meanwhile, the guard keeps looking around but is unable to find Creep as he repositions for a better view of the table, after Takao insists on switching to a different one than initially offered. A short while later, a gangly hairless man instantly identifiable as The Auditor arrives, with his own security detail. These 4 individuals, moving lithely around the rooftop to take up positions at all the corners, look like adepts to Creep, and also he notes that they seem to be making a point of merely observing for threats while Takao is obviously in charge or counter-surveillance and the like.

This seems like another power play of some sort, and Creep also makes note of The Auditor’s well-concealed but apparent distate for Takao. The Auditor also refuses to use the “filthy” AR menu and insists he be brought a paper one, which the staff quickly obliges. Creep is interested to see that the food up here, while still fancy, doesn’t look notably different than the fare downstairs, though due to the focus on freshness and locality, it seems the menu changes a bit day to day.

Creep manages to get good clean recordings of the meeting with both the laser and directional mic, as well as visual on The Auditor for StepMAMA to confirm with her new lipreading program. The team waits nervously while the restaurant closes down, and Creep sees The Auditor pull another power play and show further distaste for Takao as they are exiting. Most distressingly, after Takao leaves, The Auditor looks directly at Creep and faintly raises an eyebrow, in a “like what you saw?” way. Creep finally calls for pickup a safe time after closing, and Otters scoops him up with the VTOL.

They review the info and write up their analysis, making the case that although they got spotted, it wasn’t by the person in charge of counter-surveillance, and as such seems to be a move by The Auditor to diminish Takao in some way that they don’t fully understand. The conversation overall seemed to be Takao making a case for Evo to make a deal with “The Dis”, and suggesting they have more to offer than “the others”. He seems a bit sweaty and desperate in his pitch, and the team notices that although he seems satisfied by the meeting’s outcome, The Auditor very carefully never fully agreed to anything, in a plausible deniability way. They report into Stiletto, who seems very satisfied with their work, and pays up as promised, suggesting she will have more work for them in the future once she analyzes this data and does some digging.

With fresh pay in their pockets, Heat has to borrow a little more money but he and Aradia fully upgrade their shadow cloaks, and Creep buys some extra doses of modded Shade from AZT just in case they need them. Heat and Creep go to the meeting of “like-minded people” that Sam Hart invited them to, and find themselves in a fully matrix-free warehouse with some anti-AI extremists trying to recruit them. They sign up for the direct action encrypted link and leave after Heat smooths over some Creep being Creep awkwardness that could have gone bad. Interestingly, the anti-AI group, as well as hating AI and Monads, seem to both know of and be opposed to the Null Sect.

As soon as they are back on the matrix, StepMAMA warns them that this was likely an extremist “terrorist” group known as the Turing Army, and Creep deletes the encrypted chat app, though Heat keeps his, after checking that is actually quite secure and doesn’t track or store any metadata, making the argument that if nothing else, the TA could be another Chrome Domes, next time the team encounters the Null Sect. Everyone else is a little concerned, but leaves it be for now. Aradia calls up Lothan the Wise in Chicago, and is happy to find he’s doing a little better with the help of the survivor support group, and he gets her some intel on ZCorp and Carcean. The rest of the team also gets assorted intel from contacts, with PPJ getting the name of a spirit lawyer from the IOND.

Heat decides to lay low and skip a few shows in the next few days, not wanting to get into anything else troublesome before they head to the metaplanes, and the rest of the team checks gear, stocks up on solar recharge batteries, and the like. They pay a local intra-city smuggler with a hooder rep, Silver Streak, to get all their illicit gear into the Hub and deliver to Arcane’s business address, where he holds onto it, as they head in on foot in street gear. They are once again ushered in by Dovos, the living armor, and find that Arcane has cleared some floor space for a large ritual circle in his sanctum sanctorum, his book-lined office, with the desk pushed back against one wall.

After confirming that they are ready and properly equipped, and giving them some further warnings about their need for mental fortitude in the deep metaplanes, he lazily waves a finger and opens a portal. PPJ is amused to see that the ritual circle was apparently just for show, as it isn’t powering the portal, and wonder what exactly Arcane is. He doesn’t mention it to the team for now though, as he can see what looks like Zecorporatum on the other side, and leaps through, followed by the team. Otters’ mule drone instantly becomes a strange biomechanical spider-dog, which seems to operate on the principle of Necrobotics- using the spiders hydraulic fluids with various installed pumps to stimulate movement.

Although it know has a meat port that Otters has to hardline into, it seems to otherwise operate the same as she is used to, so she ports in and sits atop it cross-legged for the journey. The team takes a look around and finds themselves in the permanently overcast, rain-slicked streets of ZCorp, where they quickly witness various surprising sights- some classic pink mohawks do some kind of paydata upload at a public terminal before quickly hopping back into their ride, which seems to be a living rigger- a fully merged man and machine, and racing away, pursued by some sort of motorcycle centaur gang.

They test out their abilities and are happy to find that aside from the drone, the shadow cloaks seem to be doing the trick, as they haven’t shifted to the local metaphor, and Heat is delighted to find that StepMAMA is still conversant, for now, though there is no active matrix. Interestingly, Heat feels like he can almost go hot into…. something… but it seems too diffuse and disconnected, and he can’t quite figure out what is going on. Oldschool direct connection hacking for now! After fighting off some Stabbers who want PPJ’s magic tongue, they retreat to a higher level from the streets, seeing that are also various levels below them, down into the sewerages and underground, where even less light reaches.

From a few levels up, they get a better vantage point on the chaotic city, which grows and changes as they watch, the buildings also appearing biomechanical in nature. They see as high above them a figure in a black trenchcoat grapples from one window to another, with a large explosion behind them launching out a screaming suited figure, who plummets to his death on a roadway nearby. They also spot a bustling restaurant, filled with the working civilians of this strange place, called “Tortilla Tower”. Seeing as all 10 of the megacorps appear represented here under slightly altered names, they assume this must be the local Taco Temple analogue, confirming, perhaps, Heat’s suspicions about the means of TT’s origins in the collective memory.

They head inside, and Aradia causes a distraction, demanding the manager, as Heat uses the opportunity to hack their system. The network is confusing- a combination of outdated tech, but also seemingly organic or living in some way? A spider patrols along strands of a web connecting oddly-shaped glistening organs that seem to represent the nodes of the pre-Crash 2.0 matrix. Heat manages to make enough sense of it to get a little data, and finds the oldest transaction records, which seem to align, roughly, with the timeframe he was expecting, if someone somehow used magic to establish something here and force it into the material plane as both a pre-existing memory as well as a physical locale.

The team hightails after they hear heavy footsteps tromping down from above, not actually wanting to encounter whatever the manager of this place is, and Aradia loots the corpo’s corpse out in the street to get some local currency (some kind of semi-living coin) to pay another merged man-cab for a ride. As they drive away they head some booming shouting from behind them as the manager presumably arrives. They request a ride to Bartholomew Barkins, ESQ’s, office, with some of the team having done a quick directory search at one of the public terminals on the street outside Tortilla Tower.

While conversing with the mancab, they find out that some Blackjacks had waged a campaign against Tortilla Tower’s predecessor, Chimichanga Castle, destroying a number of locations, but they all just opened back up after a short repair period with the new branding. They get a little more intel about the state of the plane, and then arrive. Heading in through a door which announces their presence, they find a harried looking attorney at his desk surrounded with piles of scrolls, tomes, and assorted paperwork. He instantly makes them as travellers from the material plane, and after PPJ converses a bit, confirms that this is easy to do, given both the cloaks and their auras.

He says that he will assist them if they agree to do a task for him- merely ensuring delivery of a message, after he confirms his suspicions that they have some of the Grey Cell challenge coins. He passes them a strange note from an unknown sender, which promises valuable data in exchange for an extraction, with instructions to get it to Ringmaster. As a good faith payment from the note-writer, there is a Tarot card included, weirdly this seems to be from a 3rd deck, previously unknown to the team. Similar to the other mysterious card they found, while this one seems magical, it lacks the holo-projector and additional features found on the 6th World Tarot they are most familiar with.

They examine the card for a bit, and determine that is is the equivalent of the Vigilante card, which luckily they have records of the use of, so they decide to hold onto it til an opportune moment. Barkins watches, amused, and has definitely picked up on their talk about the card as well as their plans to travel to Carcean, though he goes along with Heat downplaying all of that as their conversation resumes. They question him about the plane, and he fills them in on the Corp Court equivalent- a white tower at the dead center of the city with an assemblage of sort of representational corporate mascots at the top that rule over the plane. However, he explains that it is hard to reach.

After some questioning, Aradia confirms that this is because a powerful lesser Horror known as “the Filth that Crawls” acts as a sort of moat around the tower, as well as having infiltrated the lower levels some cycles ago now, and consumes any unwary enough to come into contact with it. Aradia had read a bit about this Horror in the Vault of Lore back in Seattle, and is appropriately freaked out. Barkins explains that those who ascend high enough socially have the use of aircars to avoid the moat when visiting the court but that he has not yet been so fortunate. He also gives them some further intel- apparently before Chimichanga Castle, it was first branded as Enchilada Estate before being targeted by an Anarch collective, trying to prevent a new corp from establishing itself.

He explains further about the local beliefs about the corruption of “The Mirror Realm”, and takes them on a drive around town to scout out the dozen locations of the restaurant. They spot a single glyph at each location, which they are able to recognize from their time at Ordo Maximus PILLAR facility, as well as from Aylin’s debrief from Asamando. So these restaurants are definitely part of the whole thing. However, they speculate that the reason noone has been able to destroy them here is that once they were established here and pushed into the material plane, they would simply reappear on either one if destroyed in the other, unless all instances were destroyed at once.

Given the wide spread of TT on Earth, they presume this is essentially impossible, so they need to make other plans. As they drive around the city (disturbingly, it’s edges connect as if it were a globe, though not visually, and it seems totally flat, and the sky never changes nor does their perspective on it) they also see thin threads of magic connecting the 12 TT locations, as well as a thicker thread heading out of town, in a direction that Barkins says is further away from the material plane. He also says that TT supply delivery trucks come in from out of town, and notably don’t start as bio-mechanical but more as post-apocalyptic, before gradually converting to the local paradigm, suggesting they originate elsewhere.

Based on the team’s questions about Carcean, and the direction of travel of the magic line out of town, he suggests that Miggon might be a good place to look, as the trucks have the look of that place about them, and there are rumors of Earth corps, including AZT and MCT possibly having reagent harvesting operations in the region. The team also confirms that none of the TT’s here seem to be selling food with the Carcean reagents in them, so those seem reserved for Earth customers outside of Asamando- interesting.

PPJ plans to stay with Barkins for now, and work on acquiring some local allies to try to disrupt the magical runes at all 12 TT locations at the same time as the team disrupts the ritual elsewhere, once they have located it. They prepare to head out, with Barkins also warning them of the perils of the deep metaplanes. They also debate whether to take Arcane up on his offer and try to swing by the Seelie Court first to upgrade their astral map via his contacts there.

Arcane Advisor
2/12/2024, 3:34:06 PM
Runners
Creep
The Detective
Otters aka Roadkill
Pepper Jack
Heat
Aradia

With a few days off to ditch any Null Sect interest/pursuit, Otters continues tweaking and kitting out the new van at Dracula’s shop in Paradise Row, while the rest of the team chills, restocks on gear, and takes another look at The Seer. StepMAMA has reported that she is conversing with The Seer but that the damage and degradation from both her recent injuries as well as older ones that never properly healed mean she is basically incoherent. Heat takes another look and confirms that he has done all he can, and SM suggests that she has encountered another option.

The team enquires further but she says she can’t share specific details with “organics” but that based on her survey of the team file, she believes they ought to agree to the plan in principle. They eventually agree, partially wanting The Seer off their RCC jic. StepMAMA arranges the transfer, and Heat borrows a ton of money to send along from PPJ, and then uses the good feeling generated by the massive donation to deepen his Resonant connection with his body.

He heads back to Lupus Doubek’s clinic in Smoky Hill and gets the cyber legs he had on layaway installed, and gleefully shows off his improved ability to move. Since his extreme slowness had previously saved his life vs GOD, Creep isn’t 100% sure that this is a good thing, but here we are. With the new van finally up to Otters standards (including some expensive auto-tracking missile defense software for the hidden turret), the team feels ready to get back to work, and Aradia reaches out to Arcane via her contact Trinkey. PPJ sends the additional glyphs to Darien Black as well for further analysis, and manages to convince DB that this counts as one of his owed favors.

Arcane seems delighted to hear from them, and after confirming they aren’t overtly working for the corps and definitely not for the Null Sect, agrees to a meet, at Cat’s bar in the Hub, the One-Up Arcade. They head there and are ushered into the smoky “Back Room”, where Heat has never been allowed before, as only those with a certain level of street cred are invited. Arcane gestures them back to his table, and they can tell he is a powerful mage, though he is concealing the full parameters of his abilities. He quickly summons up a ward around their booth for privacy, and seems delighted that they brought their own white noise machine.

He seems very droll and upper crust British, and manages to slyly make a fool of a number of team members in a way that seems meant to be fun, including the others in it. He does seem quite interested in the glyphs, and also confirms that he is an astral travel expert and can help them prep for and begin their journey to Zecorporatum and Carcean, though he warns them of the dangers of the journey and they don’t mention their goals or Grey Cell’s involvement.

He also confirms he was paying rent on Kara Jay’s old shop, The Phoenix, which burnt down shortly after Heat coaxed her out of there. When they explain their theories about her e-ghost and her survival, he seems relieved, and they get a feeling he was a true friend of hers back in the day. He looks very young and smooth-skinned to be that old, but looks human, so maybe just has a good skincare routine. In exchange for all this assistance, he requests they play a prank on Cat and steal a large statue from her office. They are a little leery, but believe him when he says it is long-running gag between the two.

He gives them some intel and specifics on the statue (a 400kilo dragon) but says they will have to do the rest, and to bring it to his shop, Mile High ArcanoArcheaology, when they are done. He has a few parameters- no casualties, no major property damage, don’t get caught, and they agree. TD starts keeping an eye on Cat, who is running the bar and chatting to various people, and steps in to distract her, while providing occasional tips and encouragement on comms. Heat does a quick survey of the security system, and gets in, turning off cameras and forcing the elevator open before having to flee before IC, after wiping his presence with TM skills. Helpfully, this further distracts Cat as she gets some “intruder detected” alerts.

PPJ and Aradia make Aradia, Creep and Otters invisible in the bathrooms, and all of them except PPJ sneak out and aboard the elevator while PPJ maintains the spells. Otters orders 400kilo of weights and flies the VTOL over to pick them up, and then sneaks it into the Hub and has it hovering outside Cat’s office window. PPJ does some astral projection and manifesting to scout ahead, and spots a series of traps which he warns them of.

Otters and Creep manage to tagteam cracking open and bypassing the biometrics lock on the elevator and get it to ascend, and then take out a window to allow the drone in. Aradia uses her new “Ward Pusher” ability to slide them all in past the alarm ward set around the stature, and Creep and Otters manage to disable the first trap- a pressure plate. Downstairs, Heat joins TD in distracting Cat. Creep and Otters rig up a jumper cable to bypass the electrical mesh around the statue, and cut their way through once they’ve redirected the power.

Then Aradia casts two levitate spells at once, lifting the statue with one, while pushing the spring loaded pin under it down with the other spell. Creep carefully moves weight plates from the drone to on top of the pin as Aradia eases off that spell, and loads the statue in the now empty drone. Having assensed a small magical charge in the statue, Aradia manages to push all of them back out of the ward again, and Otters flies the drone back out the window as Aradia levitates her and Otters down to the street.

Creep puts the window back, and cleans up, leaving as little trace of their presence as possible (aside from a very crude sketch of a dragon he left on one of the weights), and then manages to override the elevator again, ride it back down, and sneak back to the bathroom, before emerging as if he just needed some time in there to empty his leg. The team exits the bar, and heads over to Arcane’s spot, where they are greeted by what at first looks like a cat but turns out to be a bundle of vines and thorns in that shape, and tells them to head upstairs as Arcane is waiting.

They head up a fire escape to the second level entrance door over the commercial space, and knock. They are greeted by a large animated suit of armor, which says “I’ll take that” and unloads the statue from the drone with little trouble, impressive given it’s weight. The armor waves them through to a library/office where they find Arcane waiting. Impressed with themselves, they can’t help but describe how clever they were in doing the job, which he somewhat condescendingly plays along with.

They get down to biz, and he explains that he has some of Kara Jay;s old journals, and hoped to decipher the code of the glyphs with them, but although he has made some progress they seem only semi-sensical. They are related to attracting spirits, but he’s not sure what type or why for, and doesn’t know why they were being put up as AR icons, since few spirits would be able to interact with those. So, still confusing but some progress. They share a bit more info about The Seer’s current state and location, and he agrees to send recordings of him reading from her journal, through StepMAMA to her mysterious caretakers, to hopefully help in her recovery.

With that settled, Creep starts dropping hints about Cornerstones and Tarot as possible payments for astral help, as Arcane doesn’t seem very interested in money. Arcane tells them some tips and tricks for safe® astral travel, and suggests a few items to acquire- the modified Shade and Shadow Cloaks he’s able to provide the specs for, and Aradia is able to order them through her AZT contact, Simonetta Chandra, who once again threateningly flirts about “needing to hear all about what these are for”, though Aradia successfully demurs for now.

The team doesn’t quite have the funds to get all the cloaks made and bonded, so they tell Arcane they’ll accept his offer of help with actually getting to ZCorp, but probably in around a week’s time- he seems grateful for their helping Kara Jay. He also tips them to some other newer/rarer tech to assist with astral travel- a “Map of the Astral Ways” and a “Sextant of Worlds” copy, which is both true and linked can greatly assist with arriving in the right destinations, as the planes tend to move around a lot relative to each other.

He says he can likely secure them some of these in exchange for a Cornerstone piece and/or Major Arcana from the Tarot, though he hints that there may be multiple Tarot decks and only some planes even really care about them at all. They say they’ll think about it, but ask him to make some soft enquiries. They head back to the safehouse for now, and with Darien Black giving basically the same glyph intel, report into the Guide. He seems satisfied, and says “job done” for now, and he’ll be in touch when has more work. He also authorizes sharing the full glyph set with each researcher in case they can learn anything further.

The team spend a while looking at Tarot and debating how to proceed. With Fargus Sol’s assistance after Creep calls him, they make some progress on understanding how to use and the potential of the Aes Sidhe Banrigh card, but decide to hold off for now, hoping that it can either be an emergency astral traveller or potentially a resurrection, when needed, depending on which interpretation proves correct. They do decide to make the Cornerstone piece that Creep spotted amidst their set, and debate for a while who to sell to.

With Aradia’s review of the team file, they decide to go with Renraku, hoping to further the team’s rep with Kami Aneki if they ever find themselves in the Seelie Court. They use another CEO call to set up the sale, and Heat is impressed by the fact that the CEO is a good negotiator, much to everyone else’s amusement. He does agree to the terms, though he seems to know some about the Cornerstone and reports that they are offering “a lesser piece”. They set up a meeting at a mall in the Hub, in a coffee shop, figuring high security and in public is probably good.

They get there first, and lay claim to one of the bathrooms. Renraku shows up in a stealthed VTOL shortly after, broadcasting an AR landing zone, and coming in fast. Blue Samurai deploy with an executive, and they pay all the civilians to exit the coffee shop, including the staff. They watch, bemused, as Creep fuddles around in his leg compartment to get the two cards while trying not to show that they have a bunch, and then combines them to make the Cornerstone.

As before, it appears in a sort of negative pressure pop in the air, and the Renraku exec carefully picks it up in gloved hands, and puts it in a biofiber case that one of the Blue Samurai unfold for him. He nods to them, and they kick another biofiber bag over to the team, and exit, not waiting to see if the team has anything further to say, boarding and launching the VTOL before going full stealth again. Impressed and a little scared, the team checks their haul, and finds it all there- the Sextant and the Map, though it seems like the map has plenty of space for upgrades so they probably got a slightly lower value one.

They do both seem magical, which seems promising, though they won’t be able to fully confirm their quality until they are on the metaplanes. Satisfied for now, they head back to the safehouse again, not giving too much thought to if any civilians or other interested parties might be curious about the exchange that just took place. Cat calls, asking if they are up for some work, and since she doesn’t seem pissed about the dragon and some of them really need money to get ready for the astral jaunt, they agree. She sends them to an encrypted digital meeting space, where they find an avatar of their Johnson from a few jobs back, Stiletto.

She explains that she was able to pull some data off the fried cyberdeck they retrieved from the ARES spider, and she has a new POI she needs them to look into. Based on her intel, this POI is only known as “The Auditor”, and is a completely hairless, extremely slender, middle-aged human. He will be meeting with Evo’s regional VP in two days at a fancy restaurant in the Hub, and Stiletto wants the team to surveil the meeting, She explains that The Auditor has already met with various other corp execs but that they missed those meetings so they need to get this one documented.

She gives some details about the restaurant, as well as some job parameters- basically, no collateral damage, don’t get caught, don’t blow her investigation. They agree after she offers another large payday, and start looking into it. Based on the intel provided, they have a few ideas to mind of how they might bypass security to get a recording of the meet, and Otters uses her new high lifestyle SIN to get reservations at the restaurant (though not the exclusive VIP roof level where the meeting will take place) for that evening, planning to bring along 3 team-mates as her guests to do an initial recon pass.

Whistling While We Work
2/5/2024, 1:41:01 PM
RUNNERS
Snow White
Happy
Bashful
Grumpy
Dopey
Doc
Sleepy
Sneezy

Snow White, a wealthy AGS corp princess who moonlights as a shadowrunner, has accumulated a following of 7 devoted dwarves. Luckily, she has cultivated her crew well, and given their varied specialties, the team has gained some regional renown for capably pulling off some high level jobs. Though many are a little creeped out by the cult-like structure of the organization, they work steadily and have all been further enhancing their skills and gear with some recent paydays.

They get a call from one of their usual fixers to set up a meet with a new “Herr Johnson”, Mr. K. They head their in a chauffered limo, and SW does all the important talking as per usual. Mr. K breaks it down- this is a high risk, high reward job involving some complicated travel, but with some major benefits to metahumanity if they succeed. Are they in? After SW accepts, you bet they are. They negotiate for a major payday with half upfront, and go shopping to gear up.

They’ve only been told the first stage of the job for now- a military style transport plane will take them to Lagos, where they will do a quick job for some local pro-social smugglers to get safely moved across some borders into Asamando. They are given a contact number for a fixer there for the next stage. With some new toys and specialty gear and ammo purchased, they board the plane and head out, with SW telling her “daddy dearest” that she’ll be away for a while, making sure to call him at work to avoid her annoying stepmom.

They land in a cleared jungle area on the north side of the lagoon in Lagos, and Sneezy immediately has a bad allergic reaction to all the new local wildlife, so Dopey carries him in the sling he usually uses to haul around an astral-projecting Sleepy. They load themselves and their gear into a military style transport truck, and head into town to the changeling district of Ilasa Maja, to a brothel called the 7th Hand. There they meet a local fixer named Obi Akinlaja, who says he will act as a go-between for the team and the Daughters of Yemaja, the local group they need to impress to get in good with some safe smugglers, who wont sell them for food to the ghouls in Asamando.

They agree to the job- rescue some captives from a flesh peddling syndicated called the Babakku’s safehouse near the Apapa port. They are told to use the truck for the job, and bring the rescued captives to a certain location in the port, where they will meet the smugglers for the next leg of the journey. Grumpy takes over driving and they head to the Babakku safehouse. Sneezy quickly pwns their basic network and gets cam feeds and internal guard comms. There are 12 captives, all in one area, and 6 guards scattered throughout the rest of the safehouse, which is composed of 4 shipping containers crudely cut and welded together into a cube.

Dopey takes up surveillance for any backup arriving, while SW gets the rest organized. Bashful goes invisible and approaches the door, while Sleepy projects into the captive area, manifest, and tells them to stay down as help is on they way. Doc launches some drones for recon and surveillance, and Happy watches the front with spells ready. Sneezy hacks a guards gun inside to shoot the flashbang trap rigged to the door, and Bashful kicks it in, charging inside and smashing two guards with his dual axes.

Doc, Happy, and Snow White (via her manservant drone) take the opportunity to open fire on the surprised guards inside, quickly taking half of them done, while Dopey takes an assault cannon shot straight through the wall at another one inside that Sneezy has tagged on their TacNET. Doc spots a truck of reinforcements incoming and Dopey blows out the engine block from around a corner with some drone assisted targeting. They make quick work of the remaining guards as Grumpy plants some explosive charges outside, and manages to carefully blow the welds and drop the prisoner container straight into their truck. The only complication is that Bashful gets covered in ghoul blood while axeing the final guard, who seems to be the leader. He does manages to snag his commlink though.

Grumpy, having pre-mapped multiple routes and with further drone assistance, gets them to the port with no trouble, where they meet Obi again, but have to move to a second location after he realizes they forgot to tag erase the captives. Having done so, they leave the truck with Obi’s bodyguard, a troll named Abiola Fashola, and Obi makes an intro for them to the Fanti family of smugglers who will take them around the coast and up the Mouhoun river into Asamando. He tells them to carefully obey the rules aboard the Fanti boats and they’ll be fine. Sneezy does some quick hacking on the commlink they got from the ghoul guard and finds that he was a go-between for the Babakku and a ghoul fixer named “The Butcher” who seems to have some sort of special instructions for what kind of captives he wants.

There is a little drama amongst the dwarves as they have to split up and all want to remain with SW (aside from Grumpy, who is performatively intransigent as usual). SW gives a stirring speech with a little song to get them all to behave, and they head out. They manage to behave themselves, and few of them even enjoy their time at sea, helping out on the small craft, which seem to be a true family biz, with people of all ages aboard and involved. The only issue is Bashful’s refusal to speak to anyone outside the group and frequent habit of turning invisible and standing around in the way. He also seems to be coming down with something, maybe from the ghoul blood he got in his mouth and elsewhere?

They have to shuffle boats a few times to take turns staying near SW, but otherwise manage to bribe their way upriver with no trouble, avoiding Asamandan patrols and getting dropped off in a small grove alongside the river. They are told to call Dancer via secure satlink only, and stay hidden in the grove until picked up. The Fanti bid their farewells, and make quick time back downriver. SW calls in as promised, but initially fails some sort of test Dancer is using to confirm ID. Calling back, she smooths things over, and he tells them to lay low til morning, as Infected activity reduces in daylight, so they’ll smuggle them overland to Nyamkopon then.

They set a watch and try to get some rest. Sleepy ends up having to cavort with some interested spirits to keep them from getting upset, but otherwise the night passes uneventfully, with only distant border patrols spotted. In the morning, Dancer shows up with two rugged-ized bush trucks, and lets Grumpy drive one as they load up and head to the city. Even with their intel and a little research the team is surprised to find such a full-on new-built metropolis here, as well as the widespread, free public matrix throughout the country.

SK’s mining investment is apparently paying dividends! As is DBO’s, and the other various interested corps. Dancer takes them to straight into town, and warns them that if they are stopped they will need to fight their way out, as there’s no good way to explain their presence and armaments in the current political situation. Luckily, they avoid entanglements, partially due to Grumpy’s pre-planning of routes and skilled countersurveillance driving.

They arrive at what looks like a reproduction of an English country manor, and pull into the large carriage house out back. After getting progressively more worried about Bashful’s condition, Doc has kept an eye on it but can’t do much, and Sleep has confirmed the presence of HMHVV in Bashful’s aura. Dancer brings them straight to the basement, where he introduces them to the family doctor, Baxton Gresh, who says he can insure a peaceful death for Bashful or try to ensure a successful transition to sapience, but Infected. He explains that he, and the Helling family above, were all Infected and forced to flee London due to the stigma, but that while they are grateful for Asamando’s hospitality, they are working with and funding those who believe the nation could be a better version of itself without, say, the metahuman trafficking.

After confirming that SW can make use of his new powers, Bashful says he wants to be a sapient Infected, and Gresh takes him down to the surgical suite, suggesting the others watch remotely to avoid Infection risks themselves. After some hours, he reports it was a success, so they rest a little easier and continue their research into how to complete the next leg of the job, with Dancer briefing them on the details. There is some sort of ritual being done, somewhere in town, by the Ordo Maximus. They are smuggling in captives, especially ones with high essence, and moving them about secretly. And due to a previous team’s missions, they know Taco Temple is involved.

So they have 3 main leads, and decide to first call in a favor. SW calls her “daddy dearest” again, and gets an old, rejected SK proposal for a subarcology in the downtown Nyamkopon area, directly below where the Taco Temple flagship store and offices sit. He’s not sure why they bid it there, since TT has “always been there”, but it was going to make use of some convenient nearby old mining tunnels to turn them into underground transit paths and connective walkways. The team also knows from the Lagos job that The Butcher is a likely source of more intel about the metahuman trafficking.

They decide to first investigate the TT flagship, and head in, ordering a bunch of food, even though Dancer had warned them of strange ingredients. Interestingly, Sleepy is unable to spot anything off about the food here. SW is also able to slyly order off the “secret menu” and get a bonedust shaker for Bashful to get some nutrients as a gnawer. Sneezy does some matrix recon, and spots that there is a hidden nested host within the main host, which seems to be doing something connected via hardline only to something underground, running down a central shaft that the restaurant/HQ is built around.

With no clear way in, but evidence of underground activity, they head into the extensive underground transit system and start poking around referencing the old SK schematics. With some good skills at such things, they find a hidden door showing signs of recent use in an otherwise disused service area, and manage to pop it open without tripping anything. Descending into dark stairs, they all flip on their thermographic flashlights, aside from Doc who uses his eyelights, and SW who relies on her goggles.

With Grumpy skillfully guiding them with Happy’s assistance, they find another hidden door, this one with a chemseal. Not knowing what they’ll find inside, Happy distributes all the usual mission drugs and gets everyone dosed up, as well as passing around some Guts. They use some B&E tools and manage to get in while Sneezy loops the cam feeds, which all seem hardwired, and Sleepy gets them past the alarm ward just inside. Passing through another similar door, they enter what seems to be a medical facility- could this be the hidden Ordo Maximus clinic they’ve heard is rumored to exist somewhere under Downtown?

Doc sends out the drones on patrol since there isn’t any local matrix activity. Spotting some guards, he tags them and the team sets an ambush, with Sneezy jamming their comms as the rest of the team takes them out. They manage to keep one alive long enough for Sleepy to Mind Probe. and find out that there is a large freight elevator on the far side of the clinic that only goes down, that captives are frequently brought through and down, and that they were told not to ask questions, and in the event of a raid to try only to protect clinics and allow intruders to descend.

Not wanting to but having no other choice, they descend the elevator, and instantly get into a firefight with some Ordo Myrmidons, who make short work of many of the team’s drones, as well as Happy, with their monofil whips. Sleepy and Sneezy are both not having much luck effecting them given their Dissonant and Anti-Magic effect fields, so Sleepy projects ahead, while Sneezy dashes around the combat to avoid it and get deeper in. A vamp mage in ritual robes also emerges and heads up to see what’s going on, they manage to take him out pretty quickly, but not before he can call for “Martin” to come deal with the unwanted guests. Grumpy places charges on the elevator, just in case.

SW finishes the mage off with Sleepy’s cleverly purchased wood pulp rounds, which seems to halt his regen ability, just as a massively powered up Martin deVries charges in and starts attacking them. Grumpy sneaks past the fight to see what’s happening further in, having heard some chanting, and Doc sends the roto drone along with. Dopey and Bashful try their best to hold DeVries at bay and protect SW, but Bashful, having feasted some on the ghoul guards they killed in the clinic as well as the Myrmidons here, is starting to get mentally overwhelmed by some sort of mental summons to come deeper as well.

Down below, Sneezy spots a massive data terminal with a map of the globe, seemingly showing a distribution of TT locations and frequent consumers, and he darts past the two vamp techs working the terminal to touch it and fry it, using the final service of the massive Sprite he compiled for the job. Grumpy watches in horror as the vamp techs tear into his prone body, but is busy planting charges around a ritual circle protected by a magic barrier, having spotted it flickering and correctly assumed that Sleepy is assaulting it in astral space.

And Doc has spotted two other horrifying things- there is a pen full of captives seemingly all being slowly drained of blood by the ritual, which is being assisted by a massive bound blood spirit, and there is a floating chunk of reflective black stone, to which a slim vampire dressed in purple rags is bound. They seem to have various healing wounds on them but no obvious source of injury. Doc has to snap back to his body to start dealing with healing downed party members, but quickly falls himself to DeVries’ magical blade, as his drone is destroyed by the vamp techs below, though not before it just finishes blasting through the chains holding the purple vamp to the floating stone.

Sleepy and Grumpy manage to collapse the ritual successfully, but are both quickly killed by the now free Blood Spirit, as all the vamp mages inside burst from the backlash of the collapsing ritual. Bashful is finally overwhelmed and summoned deeper, but manages to hold back for one moment and is killed by DeVries while taking a hit meant for SW. However, this brief moment of connection is enough for Aylin, freed from their chains, to briefly regain their mind and see what is happening around them. Hearing commotion above, they dash out of the ritual chamber, grabbing the detonator they spot in Grumpy’s hand as they go.

SW tries to call a retreat for the team, but dwarves are dropping left and right, now also under attack from the Blood Spirit. Seeing no other options, Aylin compliments SW on her dress, and then presses the detonator, blowing the elevator as they turn to mist and safely ascent, wafted higher on the explosion. This seemed to catch both the Blood Spirit and DeVries by surprise, so who knows which if either will emerge from that fight, but likely annihilated both the final Myrmidon, and SW, who was the lone survivor of her team by that point.

Aylin frantically flees through the locked down OM clinic above, using their knowledge of the OM PILLAR facility to take advantage of vamp-only escape routes, and gets out of the underground. Making contact with their Grey Cell handler, they are able to arrange to use the out that was planned for SW and her dwarves, and get out of the country, and quickly up into space via the mass driver at Mt Kilimanjaro, having to leave the manasphere possibly forever to avoid further mind control from the Manifold Level entity that had taken control of their brain and actions for some time.

However, Aylin is able to brief Grey Cell on what happened- how they and DeVries survived the PILLAR explosion (surrounded by other Infected as they floated and ate their way to the surface, like a ball of ants), and some intel on their dim memories of the ritual, as well as what SW and the dwarves were able to accomplish. Grey Cell compliments Aylin on surviving and thanks them for a job well done, telling them they’ll surely be useful for space ops in the meantime. Their mom, Patty C, is of course thrilled to have their daughter back, but challenged by the lack of mana in space, does not rejoin them for now so she can continue to be useful to Grey Cell as an alchemist.

Back in Denver, the team receives a call from Ringmaster, informing them that another runner team was able to disrupt what seems to have been the main Ordo Maximus ritual to take advantage of the rare metaplanar reagent being distributed by TT. This will slow them significantly, but not stop them, as it seems from Aylin’s intel that there is also a metaplanar component to the ritual. Further investigations there will be needed to keep this threat from rising again, and the team agrees to some future recon forays to Zecorporatum and Carcean to try to find out what is happening there.

In the AGS, a distraught SK exec has to promise future favors of an unspecified but large amount to some shadowy figures who return what remains of his daughter to him. He places the pieces of her in a glass Valkyrie unit so he can watch her while he awaits news after sending out desperate requests for aid in healing what he can of her…..

Glyphindor
1/29/2024, 4:10:44 PM
Runners
Creep
The Detective
Otters aka Roadkill
Pepper Jack
Heat
Aradia

The team decides to take a little bit of time to catch up on some implants and side biz since the next job Cat has isn’t super time sensitive. They also decide they need to all ditch their burner SINs and get some fresh ones after hearing about some mysterious deaths around town, and realizing the only link is that they were all recent employees of a certain slaughterhouse, and also that the ZDF may have gotten their SIN scans from when Heat called them in on the bound spirit in the warehouse, since they’d been circling the area in the van for half a day.

PPJ decides to get a SIN through the IOND, which Darien Black signs off on, making clear that PPJ is stacking up owed favors. The rest of the team buys fresh burners off of Simonetta Chandra, who lords it over Aradia a bit, trying to invert their power dynamic, but Aradia plays it cool and doesn’t give her the satisfaction. Feeling better protected, PPJ decides to try to repay some of the favors owed and starts researching the Hearts of Zebulon. He finds pretty limited mentions on the shadow boards- they seem to be a mixed physical and astral group, but not active outside the FRFZ/Mile High Realm.

The team refreshes a bit on the history of GW, Zebulon, Harlequin, Denver, the Watergate Rift, recent drama at the Seelie Court, etc and makes some notes of things to investigate further regarding some points that jump to mind like: What happened to Harlequin after causing a distraction while past team members freed the Ebon Queen, his lover Aina Dupree? What actually is/was Zebulon and is GW trying to bring her back again? Where does GW’s beef with AZT originate? And a few more.

He also finds an anti-dragon manifesto (or at least anti-GW) that may be associated with HOZ, as well as a disturbing prophecy about GW’s dominance that is apparently being spread by the roving gangs of troll street preachers and the COTDR. He asks Heat to look for more in the Endless Archive, remembering that Prot0 would often make use of that place for restricted info. Heat lies about knowing what the EA is and being able to reach out, as well as about knowing others TM’s in town.

PPJ susses out a little bit of the deception but not nearly all of it, and remembers that he knows some high level TM’s from helping to save the Nexus. Inferring that Puck is likely still on the run and definitely not locally available, he leaves a message for Perri, and quickly gets a response with an address in the Aurora Warrens that says “come alone”. He gets the team to come with, planning to wait nearby just in case. They seem to be in or near Nocturna turf, which they hope is a good sign, as they see some of the pro-social vamps wearing the purple that Aylin and other “consensual-only feeders” wear.

PPJ heads in to a dilapidated looking townhouse that is much better put together on the inside- seems like a well hidden safehouse. Ushered upstairs, he takes a seat, and is put into some kind of trance state by what seems to be a homebuilt AIMAD system equivalent. The rest of the team isn’t worried as they are receiving regular updates seemingly written by PPJ. When he comes to, there is a commcode on a flatvid screen across from him, which he calls, and gets ahold of Perri.

She says they have to be cautious, especially since PPJ has long been thought dead, and he says he understands. They seem to have taken a blood sample, and he confirms that there is something a little weird about him but he believes himself to be “real”. He requests they report anything else they find out about what’s going on with him though Perri is noncommittal. She does however reinstate his access to the Nexus and offer him some work, trying to figure out how to hack or surveil some of the bot and Doll bodies that remote attendees use for high level local conferences, as some movers and shakers don’t like to physically place themselves within GW’s tempestuous reach.

Perri all tells PPJ to watch out for Heat until he knows more about him, as he could be chill or could be a Horizon sleeper agent, which also might have it’s uses. PPJ says he’ll run it all by the team and comes back out, disturbed that they were unaware anything was going on. When carefully analyzing his comm, Heat and Otters spot a subtle intrusion, but it seems to have only accessed local info and not fully penetrated the TacNET, but that could have been bad if that had been an adversary. PPJ briefs them on the potential gig, and they decide they likely will do it. They next head for the Smoky Hill Bazaar, and Lupus Doubek’s clinic.

There they find another bizarre transhumanist street doc, though this one seems not to be a body snatcher. She reports that Heat has been left a line of credit by the Chrome Domes, along with a bio-encoded message that she didn’t even try to crack. Heat opens it and is told to call a number to “collaborate against a threat”. He calls, and is horrified to find that he has made contact with GOD, or someone posing as such. They essentially force Heat into agreeing to look further into Ex Machina and Leanna Octave, which the team kinda wanted to do anyway, and tell them that the funds available were seized and transferred from the deceased CD’s, and that Heat is welcome to tell his team whatever he likes as to where it came from.

Creep and Otters swap some implants and get some new stuff, and Heat starts prepping to upgrade his legs to he can move a bit better, after filling the team in on their new assignment from GOD, having been also told they’ll be keeping a close eye on him. Doubek also gives them some initial intel on Octave and her activities in town, though she seems likely to have gone into hiding after losing the CD’s as allies. The team next heads to the Paradise Lost mall to stock up on some various gear, and starts getting to know some of the ex-runners there, a few of whom PPJ and Aradia already know to varying levels.

After resting, they set up the meet through Cat for the glyph job, and drive out to Stapleton to meet someone named “the Guide” on a nature trail in a wildlife reserve. Doing minimal research, they find that the Guide may be the same individual who trained Nicholas Whitebird, GW’s current Voice, as a youth. An older Ute man eventually approaches, after the team realizes that he may have been surveilling them and the nearby area via some wildlife. He introduces himself and seems very friendly and potentially quite powerful.

He explains that he wants the mystery glyphs looked into and ideally demystified, and offers a pretty sizeable payday for it. The team agrees, and he leaves contact number and the vanishes, literally- Aradia and PPJ can barely find any trace, implying he is indeed a skilled mage and high level initiate. They review what they know of the glyphs so far, and decide to run some tests. PPJ buys a burner comm at a service station, and loads the glyph image onto it, while Heat observes to see what happens. Somehow Heat misses the moment, but the glyph vanishes, and Heat himself seems to have been hidden well enough to be unobserved.

They decide to repeat the test on a larger scale, somewhere private, and buy a bunch more burners, and a Faraday bag. They head out to a rural rail bridge, and park underneath, with Creep drugged up to boost his speed with his hand on the Faraday bag’s seal, and Heat keeping an eye in the matrix again. They load the glyph up again and run it on all the devices set to broadcast, and Heat once again misses the first glyph vanishing, but then spots a familiar silhouette icon- it’s the Null Sect!

Heat signals Creep to close it as the Null Clear removes another glyph, and Creep closes the bag, dump-shocking Heat but likely capturing the Null, they hope. After getting the intel from Heat they have a panicked discussion about what to do before Morticia reports two contrails incoming. Otters tries to flee in the van but is unable to dodge the smart missiles, which destroy the vehicle, though the armor holds, protecting the passengers. Morticia then reports two incoming personnel carrier VTOLs en route, though moving slower than the missiles.

Otters send the medical drone off in one direction as a distraction, and the rest of the team scatters, making plans to meet either at the IOND or the safehouse once they ditch any tails. Otters sends Morticia with the Faraday bag to the IOND, with PPJ calling in yet another favor to use a secure Faraday room they have there. They successfully make their exit, with Creep and a few others looking back to see both the van and drone get searched and destroyed. Yikes! Expensive close call. They all stay comms off for a while and sneak back to town via various routes, before many of them meet at the IOND.

They are much relieved to find that Morticia safely arrived and that Black brought her and the bag into the Faraday room without comment, record, or investigation, though he makes clear to PPJ that he best get to repaying some of these favors soon. After some debate about using one of their CEO calls, they decide to instead stick with their Johnson, and call the Guide over to try to get some more money and hand over the bag. The Guide arrives and there is some complex high-level wizard posturing between him and Black, and Black berates PPJ for inviting such a powerful individual inside his wards without his express approval, in a way where the rest of the team can all hear it but are obviously not invited into the conversation.

PPJ returns to the team, humiliated, as TD and Aradia, though only completely implant-free members, strip all tech and head in with the Guide. They brief him, negotiate for more pay, and hand over the bag. He says he will arrange it’s exit quickly from the IOND for further investigation, and chuckles at their brazen nature, saying he had a feeling he’s picked the right team for the job. After all that excitement, the team decides to lay low for a little bit and do some RNR.

Otters heads back to Dracula’s shop in Paradise Lost to start tinkering on the new van he, PPJ, and Creep all split, and Creep tags along to set up a Roseanne clipshow watch at Samantha Hart’s retro tech shop and scout out that part of town a bit. It seems like the ex-runners are training up a local militia and have expanded their safe area for a few blocks around their main base. Aradia, PPJ, and Heat go out clubbing while gets some chill tub time in the safehouse. At the Tower of Babel, Heat eventually finds the basement hacker bar and makes some contacts there.

PPJ, trying to recover from his earlier embarrassment, manages to further embarrass himself but Aradia keeps an eye out and keeps it from getting too bad. Aradia makes contact with a few different info brokers, and all 3 of the team manage to subtly spread around that they are looking for info on the glyphs and will pay for location data or other intel. They head home and rest. The next day as Otters keeps working on the van, Creep has his Roseanne showing, and noone attends except Samantha (whose shop he is renting), and he hides to watch while not being watched. However, Samantha seems interested in his weird remixes and stuff and also his open-mindedness to anti-AI ideas, and invites him to a meeting of some friends of hers.

The 3 partiers gets some calls later in the day from assorted info brokers, and after paying some fees gets leads on 3 glyph locations that are thought to be active now- time to get hustling!! They decide to split into 3 groups and check out the different locations. PPJ and TD head to the Lakeside Amusement Park in Arvada and locate the glyph there, getting a secure offline image before it vanishes shortly after their arrival. It was attached to a critical linchpin on the Ferris Wheel and they couldn’t figure out a better way to analyze it without attracting suspicion.

Creep and Aradia head to the University of Denver in Centennial, and located the Psychology library. Aradia does some social hacking and flirting to get them in, and Creep sneaks by some attendants to the restricted magical area while Aradia distracts. They spot the glyph running on a smart desk, and Heat gets Creep to run a data tap in. This whole library host seems unusually well-protected, though it is a well-funded school and in a tech district, and after conversing briefly with the Sprite doing security, Heat decides not to push it.

However, they do get some useful intel from the desk- someone has carved in “Kara Jay was here!” alongside a fresher carving in a different hand of “RIP”. Aradia inquires with the grad student at the desk and they find out that Kara Jay was a permitted member pre-Crash 2.0 but is not recorded as having any magical talent, just an enthusiasm for arcana, based on her recorded check-outs. Also, some records may have been lost, and she hasn’t been in since 2064.

This glyph also seems older than some of the other ones they’ve seen, and interestingly, hasn’t been removed, yet. They do some research and thinking, and call some info brokers, and are able to piece together that Kara Jay was a magical trinket seller who apparently used this as cover for her true biz as a skilled (but illicit) talismonger. She had a shop in Westminster and ran the shadow side of her biz out of the back, while the front has cheap junk for tourists and wannabes. Also, she flat-lined in Crash 2.0, her daughter kept her alive in a coma til about 10 years ago while trying to keep the shop afloat, before giving up on both, leaving town, and dropping out of contact.

The team decides to surveil the shop a bit and check it out, and head up to the fancy-ish commuter community of Westminster. The shop is on a fairly posh “main street” style shopping arcade, and definitely stands out like a rotten tooth- partially boarded, tons of AR and physical notices of fines pasted up etc, but apparently the building was owned by KJ or someone else who has kept it going for some reason. The store name “the Phoenix” is barely visible in accumulated grime.

After doing their best to look for astral and matrix threats and finding none, Creep sneaks in and pokes around. There are a few plugged in and powered on decent quality commlinks running silent, and a few more fried ones. He grabs one of the fried ones. Nothing else of note stands out- the back room has been cleared out and the only stuff left out front is cheap junk covered in dust and discount stickers. He sneaks back out and the team decides to leave a few people here to surveil while the rest head out to check out the site of the 3rd reported glyph from earlier.

Finding that it is a Triad gambling den, the Motor City survivors on the team call in a favor with Grandmother Biyu to get an in. They also catch up a little on Motor City and the fallout from the Metal Maniacs raid, including what happened with the Chrome Domes in Aurora. They head to the parlor after TD makes contact with their new Triad fixer in town, Bingwen To. He seems to respect Biyu highly, though they are from separate Triads, and suggests that she is powerful enough that a small favor for her is a good opportunity for him.

They head to the parlor and find that the slot machine in question is a smoking ruin, the internal electronics completely fried. They arrange to buy it from To at a discount and bring it back to the safehouse for further investigation, but are unable to glean anything useful from it, aside from that it seems to have been intentionally destroyed in a matrix attack, and that magic was not involved, nor was physical presence. This further suggests Null Sect being behind all this somehow.

Meanwhile, the recon team of Aradia and Heat successfully passes some SIN scans from roving ZDF drones- Westminster seems fairly high security, and also to have a high number of nosey spirit denizens who perhaps reported them as looking suspicious. However, their surveillance pays off as Heat spots some sort of e-life form, badly damaged, arrive into one of the running commlinks. He goes full virtual and makes contact, gradually convincing the form, which takes the appearance of a flaming bird, to allow him to try to help.

After spending some time tweaking software to do what repairs he can, he manages to coax the entity, which refers to itself as “The Seer” but is otherwise incoherent, to migrate to the team’s TacNET-protected RCC, with assistance from StepMAMA, after getting the team’s approval. With no more reported glyph sightings coming in, they decide to do a little more research and then call it in. Aradia pays Kobold to do a bit more digging, and they find out that the assorted bills and taxes on the shop have been kept paid up by one “Dr. Rutherford Kaine”, who after some research they discover is yet another likely false ID of the runner Arcane, who they had previously heard mentioned.

They call The Guide, who instructs them to lay low for a while and provides some fresh working SINs as their ones from the last job may have been burnt from NS involvement. He instructs them to carefully consult Arcane about the glyphs and seek more info, and says he will continue to pay them for this work as well as ongoing exclusivity. PPJ calls him back a little later and gets approval to also share the glyphs with Darien Black to have two expert opinions to compare, but The Guide clarifies that they should share two different overlapping sets of 3/4 of the spotted glyphs with each.

With that taken care of, The Guide tells them to lay low for a few days and lets any NS interested die down before proceeding, and suggests they are welcome to take care of other biz in or out of town in the meantime.

Recon and Retrieval vs GOD
1/26/2024, 12:41:05 PM
Runners
Creep
The Detective
Otters aka Roadkill
Pepper Jack
Heat
Aradia

After the team’s meeting with Niki the Gardener, they have some recon to tackle. They do some drone surveillance of the provided address, and check out the neighborhood. Seeing no obvious threats, they head over in the van, rotating plates, spoof chips, and electrochromic as they circle the area. The target site is a warehouse that seems to be a bit better defended on the inside than it is made to look on the outside. However, it seems to be mostly operational during the day, and have some decent wards around it, as well as good signal security.

Aradia manages to infiltrate through the ward and makes a deal with the beast spirit that is guarding the site to return with some reagents in exchange for a description of it’s terms of service. She does so, and gets some rough parameters for how to avoid the spirit’s intervention, which it seems willing to interpret in the team’s favor so long as they don’t cross some specific lines, due to the reagent gift. Creep sneaks up and gets a data tap on an exterior camera, and Heat gets control of the camera system and exterior guard comms and loops them.

The team KO the two patrolling guards with a combo of drugs, SNS and magic, and Creep hides their bodies and strips them, while PPJ gets two decent illusion cast on Aradia and TD to look and sound like the guards. They sneak in through the route Creep prepared and put on the guard uniforms, with Aradia using the fashion spell to clean up the uniforms a bit. Creep also found some RFID tokens that seem to maybe also help with passing the ward on the building and hands those over. With Heat still controlling the exterior feeds, he slips them back to “real” seamlessly just as the guard shift change arrives, and Aradia and TD get in with no trouble.

They use their social skills to blend in inside, which is fairly easy, since only a few other guards are present- 1 watches the door controls, while the other 2 patrol the interior, much better armed and armored than those outside. They spot a kit-built shed covered in signal blocking foil, which seems to have a decker inside based on a tiny peek through a crack in the door that TD manages. Aradia slips a data tap into an exterior port of the trailer, seemingly meant for hardline hookups for sensor equipment. The trailer also has a protective ward around it, but it seems to be astral only.

There is also a massive ritual circle that is scarred with weapons and explosives damage, and another medium sized structure, a cube cell filled with slagged electronics. TD manages to sneakily scoop up a sample of these, though they don’t look super recoverable. Meanwhile, Heat starts a hack from outside, spotting the decker’s icon and going for a massive alpha strike with some drug and program assistance. He takes out the decker in one hit, and starts rifling through the well-protected files in the closed system as an audible alarm goes off inside the building.

Aradia and TD, cut off from team comms for opsec, decide that the alarm must mean Heat has done his part, and decide it’s time to get out, seeing guards rushing to secure the doors and racing to the hacker’s shed with a crashcart. They go outside “to secure the perimeter” after not quite nailing their impersonation of knowing what they’re doing with the guns they’re issued, and quickly end up in a small dustup with the 2 guards outside, who luckily are still in their lighter “low profile” armor, and are quickly KO’ed by Creep from hiding.

The team quickly hotfoots it to the van, and they race away before anyone has a chance to follow, Otters doing some skilled pursuit avoidance before they find a safe spot to park nearby and ditch the uniforms and disguises. Driving more chill after that, they arrange a meet with Niki to hand over the goods and do the debrief, and after answering some of her questions, she says they’ll be meeting with the Johnson as well. Heat calls the ZDF on the facility to provide a little further distraction, but fails to spoof his ID, telling them that there is a loose beast spirit who seems to be kept captive there. The team is a little split on this decision.

They head to the meet, at the same krill spot again, after swapping SINs and disguises. They meet Niki and another very femme fatale woman named Vishala, who PPJ and Heat have some trouble playing it cool around. She pays up and tells them that based on their satisfactory performance, she’ll likely have more work for them soon. They head out and rest up at the safehouse, before Heat gets a call from Cat, telling him she needs a team right now for a retrieval job and sending the details of where to meet the Johnson, at a diner not far from their safehouse.

They head out, and meet up with a pro seeming elf woman named Stiletto (possibly referencing her magical dagger, though she seems either non-magical herself or good as masking). Creep makes a point of spotting her bodyguards, but she manages to turn it into her looking even more pro, suggesting they were meant to be noticed and hinting at further unnoticed measures. She gives the team a quick brief to agree to terms before she gets into details, and they accept.

She explains that she was in contact with a security spider who’d fled ARES during their chaotic move, about getting him to somewhere safe and purchasing a data set from him. She has his last location but says the call dropped suddenly after he encountered some sort of trouble on the matrix, and she needs them to go retrieve him and his data, with the data being the higher priority. She passes along his safehouse location in the Warrens, and Otters gets Morticia flying over immediately.

She spots an old scrapyard and auto shop, seemingly with the safehouse on the second floor, defended by turrets, sensors, and mines. However, all the turrets and sensors look deactivated. Otters races the team over in the van while splitting her attention, using assorted fake SINs to enter- as usual it looks easier to go into the barrens of this town than to exit. Otters parks nearby while Creep sneaks up, taking a look at the mines, which also look disabled. He uses a grenade to make surprise trap out of one at the bottom of the stairs to the second floor.

Creep sneaks up the stairs with PPJ joining him, who uses his spectral hand to open the door, who powerful locks have also been disengaged. They see a mess inside- the spider seems to be link-locked, and likely dead or dying, with his smoking deck giving off a disturbing whirring sound. There are various chips and devices scattered around, and a Valkyrie Module straining and failing to stabilize him. He seems to have flopped onto the floor in order to slam a large red button with a bunch of cables running out of it as his last action, which they assume was what disabled all the traps and locks.

Creep tries to heal him, unsuccessfully, before disconnecting the deck, successfully, and then shooting the decker through his headware to make sure not to leave anything recoverable. They head out into the scrapyard and hide as Heat warns of incoming GOD forces- a matrix interdiction just went up on the spotty local grid, and Otters is able to spot a troop carrier VTOL en route. Aradia, thinking fast, casts an illusion of a safe landing zone as the VTOL arrives.

2 GOD soldiers fast rope down to the “safe” area, landing straight on Creep’s explosives trap, doing massive damage to their milspec armor but seemingly not harming the people within. However, this causes the GOD forces to get a lot more serious all of a sudden, and Otters kicks the van into high gear as PPJ and Creep race to board it and they come under fire from a GOD mage and VTOL-mounted miniguns. Heat calls in the Chrome Domes for reinforcements, sending them location data.

The van takes some bad hits, so Otters guns it out of LOS and then hides, rather than fighting, as they see the Chrome Domes coming to their rescue. Heat, fearing a loss of rep, decides to return to help in the fight, but luckily for him is a very slow runners and only gets there to see the aftermath- GOD has wiped out the CD’s leaving a smear of flesh, tech, and moto parts along a few block stretch of the Warrens! Heat sees GOD troopers ripping data from any surviving jacks and confirming their kills, and worries what this may mean for him as he was the one who called them here.

However, for now he must survive, so he stays offline, and sneaks back to the van, where Otters has been doing a quick surface patch with the repair drone to get the stealth coatings working again even though the armor is fucked. They head back to a different exit than they used to enter, using different SINs and a different van spoof. After their SINs pass and they banter with the guards a bit about being lucky to be able to leave after “whatever that was”, they head back to the diner to meet Stiletto.

They pass over the deck in a faraday bag, and she pays up, also telling them that given their solid results she’ll likely have more work soon. With a few jobs under their belts, some new contacts, and a decent payday, they decide to maybe take a few days off and upgrade some ‘ware, rest, patch up the van, and maybe get some fresh ID’s.

Mystery Meat Part 3
1/15/2024, 5:10:22 PM
Runners
Creep
The Detective
Otters aka Roadkill
Pepper Jack
Heat
Aradia

The team redirects their investigation to tracking down the money cow origin after losing their infiltrator drone to the facility’s suspiciously tight security. Otters and Heat do some forum digging on train foamer message boards and figure out where the cattle cars came from that carried the delivery that the money cow was included in. Otters feels confident she can recognize the cow, and they trace the train back to a cattle depot, where a number of ranches bring their herds to sell to bulk buyers. Otters knows it would be normal practice for buyers to have vets on call to examine sample cows from different batches when purchasing, and thinks this could be a good way to get a secret package in.

They buy some fake uniforms and fancy duds, assortedly, as Heat takes them on a little shopping trip around some Hub spots he likes. They also make tentative contact with a pawn shop owner who is rumored to have a sideline in black market goods, though Creep gets the vibe she might not quite be at “missile” level, either in general, or maybe just with them as of yet. They rest up and head to the exchange depot in the morning. Heat uses a TM power to spike one of the old, outdated cameras onsite, and then posing as a repair tech (with uniform + tools) clambers up to access it.

Otters takes the rest of the crew into the vet shed and starts making casual convo for now, with Aradia and TD posing as potential buyers while the rest are security/advisors. Heat hacks the camera and they scrub through the logs from the last few days, and find a strangely feral man leading the cow in question into the vet shed very early the previous morning. Asking around, they ID him as a freelance vet and possibly shapeshifter named RawDog, who only comes in on mondays, which lines up with their speculated schedule.

They call around a bit and do some internet digging to make sure he doesn’t have any obvious problem connections, and finding none, decide to just contact him directly. Aradia manages to get him on the line after about a day of trying, and Heat traces the call to find RD seemingly walking north through the Gap district alongside I-25. Creep hops in the VTOL with the requisite gear and Otters flies him down to intercept, while Aradia cons RD to keep him on the line.

Creep sneaks up behind him after landing, Gamma-Scopolamines him, mage cuffs and hoods him to prevent shifting or spellcasting, and kicks on an area jammer to block comms, with Heat having noticed he has an unusually nice comm for his peripatetic lifestyle. Creep hauls him offroad a little more and hides with him in some scrub brush, seeing some large animals, strange spirits and go-gangs roving the wilds off-highway but remaining unnoticed. The rest of the team shows up about 90 minutes later in the van.

Otters tells RD it’ll all be fine before Aradia and PPJ KO him with spells. Aradia reads his mind, really scraping it clean this time, before they dose him with Laës and Heat scrubs their calls from his comm logs. Otters, feeling a little guilty since this guy seems cool, leaves him a little pile of credsticks too, so he’ll have an interesting time waking up. They find out that he is freelancing for a lawyer, who gives him the small hardcase (filled with data chips and credsticks, though he doesn’t know or ask) once a week to insert into the cow, and then report back with the cows ID tag info to the lawyer and get paid.

They do some research on the lawyer, and Aradia confers with Kobold again, who confirms that his name is on the paperwork for a number of the shell corps stacked up to obscure whoever owns the meat processing plant. They head back to town and stake the lawyer out. He works out of a pretty standard multi-office professional building, which seems to keep regular hours, though his lights remain on after most of the office workers leave.

Aradia projects in and can’t find any life signs so manifests, and narrowly avoids getting spotted by the lawyer, who seems to be working away behind his desk. She dips out and they debate what to do- he’s either fully mechanical, or very magically powerful. They decide to infiltrate. Heat finds a surreptitious camera and hacks it, getting access to building doors and elevators through the system, and PPJ makes himself, Heat, and Creep invisible as Heat gets them up to the lawyer’s floor in the elevator without alerting security.

However, he tells the team they’ll need to move fast, as his Overwatch score is rapidly climbing with all this activity. Creep sneaks into the bathroom ceiling next to the lawyer’s office and makes his way over the wall in the drop ceiling, using his LRAD to scope out the lawyer, who if robotic, is high end to a level the team is not familiar with- autonomic system sounds and everything. They decide to attack from two angles, and PPJ uses his spectral hand to open the door as Creep slides open a ceiling tile. They catch the lawyer by surprise, and Creep hits him with a dart while Heat tags him with some stick’n’shock, shredding his clothes but seemingly mostly bouncing off a non-conductive skin coating he has.

The dart seems to have not effect, harmlessly sticking out of his shoulder. He leaps to his feet, flips the desk up in front of him one-handed (strong!), and his arm splits open as he blasts Heat with a gatling laser. Again- not a tech level the team is familiar with. Heat takes a hard hit but returns fire, as the lawyer also fires on Creep, who drops from the ceiling, badly hurt. Otters jumps into the matrix and starts jamming comms from the office, and the lawyer blasts out and the leaps through a window, surprisingly surviving the 6 story fall and landing in a small crater, which TD sees from across the street.

Aradia runs out of the cafe her and Otters have posted up in a block away, and manages to spot the lawyer and snag him with a levitate spell against his will. Inside, PPJ runs to the window, and hits the lawyer with a lightning bolt, which causes him to dramatically explode into a bunch of mechanical bits. He then spots what looks like a small contrail headed their way. He turns and runs out of the room, yelling “missile”! Creep grabs a rolodex that he spots, and then follows suit, stopping to try to help Heat, who trips on the hallway carpet and eats it.

Creep and Heat both get caught in the blast, with Creep bleeding out, so Heat grabs him as PPJ gets them into another office, and opens the window, so Aradia can levitate them all out, which she does, while also starting to cleanse her astral signature from the area. Otters call a car from her concierge service to a location she spots nearby between cameras, and they all link up there, with the two mages and Otters doing some frantic healing to stabilize Creep and patch Heat up a bit.

They take off in the town car just as ZDF patrol cars arrive on scene, with specialist investigators close on their heels. Otters decides to bribe the driver to be chill, and after some conversation and quick stroll down memory lane (which isn’t entirely welcome for Otters) realizes that Mile High Cab service is likely a retired smuggler’s “made good” business, but that the driver’s are known for their discretion, so long as you don’t bring biz into the cars.

With that resolved, the driver rolls up the partition to leave them to it, and they start looking at the rolodex after Otters rebuffs an attempt by Aradia and TD to inquire into her missing memories. TD manages to piece together some details and names from the rolodex, as well as a bit of a timeline, and after Aradia calls in some assistance from Dean Costello and they do some research, they figure out some general details. It seems like an MCT scientists named Bishek Tam is involved, who was one of the leads on their TM research/torture program (Otters has a disturbing flash memory that she knew he always gave the best price for TM’s but pushes it down).

Interestingly, he went missing shortly before this whole project seems to have begun ramping up, or at least there is no official record of him since then. Also, an ex-NeoNET A-corp called “Matrix Assets INC” seems to be involved, they were bought by Spinrad during the corp shuffle after NN’s dissolution post-Boston CFD revelations, but have since been sold again to an unlisted private buyer, and rumors are their Boston HQ host in now overrun with vines, and is regarded as a death trap for hackers. So this implies the Null Sect either bought or took over MAI, who seem to also be somehow connected to this research program.

Also, the transfer of MAI out from Spin Global’s portfolio apparently occurred shortly before Johnny’s death, and possibly without his knowledge or involvement as he was busy on his acquisition spree and celebratory tour of the world after finally getting his “AAA” rating. So, a larger mystery is afoot, but they finally feel like they have enough info to satisfy the job requirements to the level of pro they seek, and they set up a meet with Cat, Heat using his and Creep’s busted up condition on the call to barter for some extra money.

Cat hosts them in her office at the One-Up Barcade, her spot, after Heat insists on checking that all matrix devices are off and they have taken appropriate counter-surveillance measures. Cat seems to think he’s being overparanoid until he mentions the NS involvement, after which she gets onboard. She seems much less familiar with the NS than the team, but at least broadly aware of their threat level. She thanks them for going the extra mile on the job and pays up, saying she’ll get their name around town as a reliable team.

Heading out with a new fixer contact, Heat sets up a performance in the Aurora Warrens through Jonny Silver, who has a warehouse show planned to celebrate the end of recording the first Glock .50 LP on his Silversounds imprint on Weekday Eclipse, Perianwyr’s new label in exile, named in honor of his destroyed club. The team arrives at the Warrens venue, near the border so freindly-ish to outsiders. They see some gangers doing security and recognize them as Fronts, a large sprawl gang that has been making a lot of the other smaller gangs into vassals of late.

More upsettingly to some on the team, Heat’s biggest fans seem to be a thrill kill cyber gang called the Chrome Domes, who look truly ripe to repeat the problems the team encountered with Metal Maniacs in Detroit. Heat shrugs it off but warns everyone to stay away from the CD’s in the pit during his set. G50 is on first, with Jonny impressarioning from behind a purple rope in the impromptu VIP area. He waves PPJ over but PPJ demurs, for now.

Heat’s set is indecipherably fast to everyone on the team except Otters, who has to go hot to get it, until Creep clips and slows down some segments for everyone else to listen to. The CD’s do indeed go wild in the pit, injuring some unprepared civilians in the process, as Heat sprays them with water from the stage, creating steam cloud off their overclocked bulk cyber-limbs. The crowd goes wild as the cops arrive, and the CD’s start blasting immediately as everyone else scatters. Another successful show!

The team crashes at assorted safehouses, and PPJ gets a weird call from Darien Black in the morning- not only has he not been able to make sense of the glyph yet, it disappeared from his devices while he was researching it. He still has a print out but warns the team to be careful in their research, and says he could maybe learn more with more glyphs, but that he thinks there is a Qabbalistic element, though it may all still be gibberish.

They also get a call from a new fixer, “Niki the Gardener”, who says she is working on behalf of an anonymous Johnson to hire them for another job, having heard good things from Cat. They agree to a meet at a krill restaurant, and go have a fairly pleasant family-style meal with a view of the mountains while talking biz. Niki is very friendly and done up, and tries to flirt with Creep a bit to no avail. This doesn’t seem to dim her charm at all as she gives them the rundown, using some high end counter-surveillance gear and seeming to know enough about it to impress Otters.

They agree to a warehouse break-in and data steal, for kind of low pay, but the job sounds probably not too hard and they feel like it’s another test run of a sort. They do a little research on Niki, and find out that similar to Cat she’s a pretty new fixer who’s getting established- it seems like all the turmoil in Denver lately has lead to some vacancies in the shadow industries. But she is regarded as repaying loyalty with loyalty, and having a background in corp tech or surveillance or something, which explains her gear knowledge and collection.

They prepare to start recon on the site,

Mystery Meat Part 2
1/8/2024, 3:15:38 PM
Runners
Creep
The Detective
Otters aka Roadkill
Pepper Jack
Heat
Aradia

Meanwhile, PPJ had a meeting with Darien Black. They catch up a bit, settling somewhat into their old routine. PPJ gets some emotional satisfaction from Black seeming to almost admit that he would have been sad had he not Returned. Black does insist on testing the color of PPJ’s blood, which implies some level of knowledge on his part as well. PPJ asks Black if he is Black Lodge, and he insists he isn’t, so PPJ shares a lot of info with him, though he holds back about his mystery crystal. PPJ agrees to be studied a bit, but gets a strong feeling he should try to carefully resist giving up certain info, and does so, using his occasionally available bonus power to do so.

Black tells him about what they found, as well as sharing intel about the most recent season of Temple of Terror, and what he thinks has been going on there. However, the IOND examiners seem to have missed the mystery crystal, perhaps mistaking it as part of the blood crystal spine, and Black merely warns PPJ of using the enemies tools, as it is a slippery slope. Black tells PPJ that based on intel they’ve gathered and direct examinations, the IOND thinks that ToT is being used as both some sort of sacrifice ritual, and also to sell or give some of it’s contestants to some entity on the plane of Carcean, which has a bustling trafficking scene.

PPJ seems to have managed to shield his Dis experience, as Black only mentions Carcean and Kadath, but does seem legitimately excited that PPJ was able to Return and seems to be the “real” him, if for no other reason than the expensive education he has received. Black tasks him with doing some investigating into other magical orders and groups in town, looking for Black Lodge infiltration and anything else suspicious, and also suggests he attempt to make contact with the Rogue Lodge. PPJ agrees, gets assigned a tiny dorm room in the IOND hub facility, makes himself at home, and then returns to the team. He feels his magic power grow a bit after he returned to the site of his education and youth.

The team stays up late making a plan for the next day’s shift, hoping to catch some of the mystery employees being smuggled out for the weekend. Creep stays inside the facility overnight avoiding guards. Heat gets PPJ a job there as well by filling in an application for him on the hosts job portal. PPJ, TD, and Aradia each take a separate bus in, and make careful recordings of everyone aboard, trying to memorize all the faces to compare in the evening. Heat and Otters monitor from the van, camo’ed as a rural pest control vehicle. TD also smuggles in a jury-rigged transmitter that Otters built, and gets it to Creep.

While the 3 undercover employees work and keep and eye out for guard patrols and other employees, Creep carefully cuts a hole through the Faraday-caged slaugtherhouse floor, and inserts the transmitter. Otters tests that signal is good but leaves it offline for now. Everyone gets through the day, and Creep stays behind again, planting the snake drone on one of the interior guards before they descend the freight elevator for shift change. Otters and Heat follow the buses in their van, at a safe distance, while Aradia, TD, and PPJ take a look at the other passengers to spot anomolies.

Aradia doesn’t see any on her bus, but TD and PPJ both spot one and assense- TD’s appears mundane, PPJ’s in a technomancer. Heat does a quick head count on surveillance footage of employees leaving, and figures there are 4 extra most likely, so they figure they spotted half of them at least. They decide to converge on the TM, but TD stays on their target just in case, and tails them to a bar, where Aradia heads from her bus dropoff to provide backup if needed.

PPJ tries to tail the TM, who disembarks from the employee bus at a busy transit hub in south Centennial, and is quickly spotted. The TM bolts, and Otters sends another snake drone after him while Heat gives chase on foot, made invisible by PPJ. Otters manages to overclock the drone and tags the TM with a Gamma Scopolamine dart just as he is about to board a train. Heat uses a TM power of his own to jam the train door and get aboard with the now paralyzed TM they were chasing, having PPJ drop the invisibility as people on the platform shout and panic about the snake attack.

Heat tires to play it off as if he is helping the man as the train moves off, while he tries to hack him to get some info. However, the man’s commlink looks to only get turned on every other weekend for 2.5 days, and has no lab info. The train also quickly comes to a stop, with a conductor announcing a “ZDF public safety enforcement action”. A ZDF VTOL quickly comes alongside the raised platform and some troopers pop the door and board the train car as other passengers back away from Heat and the paralyzed man.

A medic comes aboard and takes control of the man, and the other troopers take Heat into custody for questioning, as well as interviewing others on the train quickly and efficiently before exiting and letting the vehicle get back underway. At the station, Heat tries to play it real cool, which mostly works, but his SIN is scanning weirdly (they seem to have high end gear) and since he can’t provide additional ID on the spot, they decide to hold him overnight, at least. Meanwhile, PPJ hops in the van and Otters hightails it out of there, travelling through the Englewood Barrens while switching SINs and van look to ditch pursuit, and getting a little look at that newly dilapidated district in the process- a massive tent city and a KE “Urban” training facility seem like the big destinations, and PPJ gets bad mana vibes, so they exit quickly, passing a SIN scan to do so.

The rest of the team, having lost comms with Heat when he got tossed on the ZDF VTOL, decide to refocus on TD’s target. Aradia manages to chat him up and make plans to go to a second location with her “private car service” while TD watches the exits. Otters and PPJ pull up in the van out front, carefully parking to avoid cameras, and changing the exterior to look like a car service van. Aradia brings the guy out, and they bundle him in, Otters hitting him with GS again and activating a jammer while PPJ yanks him in and Aradia KO’s him with a spell.

Otters changes the van look again a little ways away and carefully drives around Centennial for a while, while Aradia mind probes the guy. She has some trouble getting a good lock on his brain for some reason, but does get some good intel: the lab is studying the intersection/cross effects of Dissonance and Astral phenomena such as rifts. They gets intel on facility layout, number of staff, etc, as well as contact info for the two program leads, one mage and one TM, who each head one side of the facility. However, he has no idea who is paying him and seems just fine with that, as the rate is good and he doesn’t have to do anything explicitly unethical, as he seems purposefully incurious as to where their metahuman test subjects come from.

Deciding to play it safe, and having already seen news coverage and a ZDF press release about the snake drone attack at the transit hub, Aradia calls up her hacker contact Kobold and hires her to erase this guy’s comm, and then she heads solo to the Hub to meet up with Dean Costello and buy a couple doses of Laës. They flirt a bit during the transaction at the Tower of Babel club, which seems to make Dean’s date a bit jealous. Aradia heads back, and Kobold sends along the scraped data and reports job done. They dose the guy with the Laës and drop him out back of a plausible hacker bar in the area, figuring that story will tell itself and he’ll be too embarrassed to report anything.

Aradia also gets a call from her old blackmailed contact Simonetta Chandra, who reports that she will be the team’s point of contact at AZT from now on. She seems to be trying out a little bit of a role reversal powerplay, having seemingly ascended the ranks a bit since Aradia made a clean break with her and gave her some good intel by way of a peaceable parting. Aradia big dogs her back by reporting that the team recently had a convo with AZT’s CEO, and Chandra blanches a bit but mostly brazens through it, saying that she’ll be in touch when AZT has need of their services next, and will of course be happy to help supply the team for their criminal activities in GW’s domain as needed.

Aradia hires Kobold again to do some digging into the two program leads as the lab, as well as any ownership data on the facility, while the team rests. Otters makes one quick connection to the snake drone inside the facility, sneaking it to a good hiding spot, and then shutting down again til the next day. They rest, and get some intel when they awaken- the whole property is owned by a series of shell corps registered in various offshore domains, so not much to go on there. And not a ton on the program leads either- the TM is ex-NeoNET, and regarded as somewhat of a traitor to her kind, and the mage is a sort of adjunct for hire who has bounced around between various academic and corp positions without sticking anywhere longterm, but with a mid-quality specialization in astral phenomena practical research.

Both have a rep for being more interested in money than morals, and both went dark about 6 months back, seeming to live at the facility fulltime. This checks out with what the team has seen from the other employees there as well. They also find out the TM is a big fan of Aztlaner cutlure and history, but has no known AZT ties. They drive back out to Castle Rock, conceal themselves as pest control again, and Otters starts sneaking around with the drone. She gets a good look at half the facility, luckily emerging into the magic half, which presumably has lower chance of being detected.

She gets some more experimental data, scans the personnel, and sees that the two halves of the facility are thoroughly kept apart- they talk via old school hardwired vid monitors, and have no wireless connections from side to side. There seem to be up to 4 “subjects” detained on each side, and 8 staff during the week, with rotating weekend breaks. The 9 security guards rotate between the hardened safe room Creep saw, and 4 upstairs/2 on call to each side patrols, while resting. The staff all seem fairly friendly and comfortable with each other. Otters is also able to observe another video meeting between the two program heads, and gets some research data off a screen.

She also overhears them talking about pay and next instructions arriving monday, so decides to keep the drone around to try to get more intel. She sneaks it into the plumbing to hide from what looks like a weekly sunday bug sweep, and puts it in standby for now. The undercover employees head back to work monday, and keep an eye out for anything suspicious, eventually spotting the manager separating one of the cows from the herd to work on himself, and then handing off a sealed case to one of the interior security guards.

They leave, and Otters sneaks the snake back out of the plumbing and hides in the main guard break room, waiting for one of them to bring the case in, which they do before long. Cracking it open, Otters can see two data chips, as well as what looks like one certified credstick per underground employee. The guards leave 4 behind and split the rest into two piles, each taking one out into one wing. Otters follows into the magic wing again, and see the guard happily distributing pay to the various lab techs.

Otters follows the guard to the program heads’ office and sneaks in, where the guard gives him one of the data chips and the final credstick before exiting. The mage goes over to the wall and hits a big safety switch, and Otters looses connection to the drone. The team sticks around for a bit, til some of the interior guards come out equipped with scoped long guns and start scanning the horizon. They take off and head back to town, with the intent of looking into cattle stuff next, to see where the packages are getting inserted.

Otters also sets up a crawler drone with a commlink to run her new high end clean SIN in her fancy but unappointed Hub apartment, and sets an agent to do some occasional matrix activity on it while it moves around the apartment throughout the day, just to establish a viable cover, as she got spooked by how hard it is to run in a town with cops and SIN scanners again after getting accustomed to Detroit. The Detective takes a lengthy break to relax in an opiate haze in a tub for a while.

Escape from Scandinavia and Arrival in Denver
12/31/2023, 9:34:57 PM
Runners
Creep
The Detective
Otters aka Roadkill
Pepper Jack
Heat
and the return of: Aradia

With no sign that Aylin could possibly have survived the reactor meltdown and facility implosion, and with the sub sensors warning of radiation risk both inside and outside after they all scramble in, Otters crash dives to avoid SK’s inevitable arrival on scene, and sneaks the sub back over the pirate island of Karmoy. There they bargain with Haradra for safe harbor and medical care while they detoxify from the rad exposure and heal up. Haradra somewhat threateningly explains that as long as Ringmaster’s money keeps spending they’re welcome guests, and not having any other options they go with it.

They avoid contacting anyone or talking about the job til they get back in the sub and underway, as soon as it’s safe for them to travel. On the way back to Chicago, they discuss who to sell the info to, and eventually settle on a multi-way split: Creep will warn the Sea Dragon about the undersea toxie threat and the exposed orichalcum cube, as well as SK’s and the Ordo’s search for/knowledge of same. Otters will warn Ringmaster and Kendra de Santos about all the Manifold Level/metacannibalism, and all the connected projects, as well as all the Taco Temple stuff.

Heat, seeking a bigger payout that those two options promise, talk the team into selling the other Ordo project data to Horizon, including letting them know that the Ordo is behind the funding for Horizon’s pro-Infected PR campaign. They spend a week in each other’s slightly irradiated company deep undersea before emerging back into the Great Lakes chain. They make a deal with Goober for longterm secure sub storage (he hints at some kind of well-protected secret location and warns that he will need at least a 24 hour heads up to secure access).

They also find that TD has gone ahead with the team van, which Goober helped patch up and make look legit, adding on electrochromic at Otters’ request, and buffing out dents, bullet holes, armor seams etc to make it look more street legal. TD left all the illegal team gear in secure storage with Goober but wanted to get a head start getting a feel for Denver, finding a safe house etc, so just drove out with the legal equipment and linked up with Aradia. Creep is delighted and they do a little long distance chat to figure out the plan.

They decide to sell all the Ordo data while in Chicago, and then bail quickly in case anything gets traced, taking AZT up on their “getting smuggled into Denver with all your illicit stuff” offer. Creep just cold-calls the Sea Dragon, who surprisingly picks up, and offers him future work in her employ as well as needed assistance in exchange for the info, after almost subjecting him to a psychic barrage when he baldly informs her that they know about the cube. Creep is tempted to join Creature in working direct for the SD but decides to stick with the team for now and check out the scene in Denver.

Otters calls Ringmaster and informs him of Aylin’s death, which he seems legitimately saddened by, and says he will inform her mother Patty C, but hints that it is likely good that they had freed Aylin’s soul from Tohu-Wa-Bohu at the same time that they set free 6Cyl (aka The Devil’s Revolver). Otters shares all the other distressing info and Ringmaster asks if the team wants to stay involved in future Grey Cell operations into the matter, and they agree. Ringmaster says it will take some time to set things in motion, since operating in Asamando is a challenge, but that he will be in touch. He pays them out and gets them all new SINs and burners for their work in Denver.

Heat talks the team into using another Tarot power from the CEO card, and gets Gary Cline, the slick ork CEO of Horizon, on the line. The rest of the team listens in, surprised, as Cline seems to know who Heat is from some mutual contact named Hype, suggesting that Heat has some Horizon ties, previously undisclosed. However, Cline seems charmed and quite personable, and gives Heat his exec assistant’s number to “set something up next time he’s in LA.” And they get paid well for the data, with Cline making clear that he expects the team to keep the Ordo/Horizon/PR connection to themselves as part of the deal.

With fresh credsticks in hand, they restock on some assorted illicit items courtesy of AZT arms masters in Chicago, and then AZT contracts a ride through Spire Enterprises, who claim to control a proprietary route on the “mountain autobahn”, the dangerous and secretive “nap of earth” routes used to smuggle into Denver nowadays, for those with a mild death wish and a need for speed. Otters asks to monitor the flight and is firmly rebuffed, given the secrecy and competition amongst smugglers for the routes, and Creep asks if he should ride inside or outside, which seems to baffle both Heat and the flight crew.

With all that out of the way, they take off, and land at a small private airport in Stapleton after a hair-raising overnight flight through plains and mountain valleys, filled with stomach-lurching drops and hairpin turns. Aradia, having made arrangements on her end, gets them picked up by a “Casquilho Imports” van and brought to a warehouse, a local mafia front where she’s made a friend with a consigliere, Dean, who seems like a bit of a don juan type. PPJ takes off separately in a town car sent by Darien Black at the IOND, but quickly calls the team to warn them about the risk of opening a rift when overcasting, which Aradia has also heard rumors of.

Heat calls up his contact “Cat” McTavish, a retired Scottish ork runner who is now in the fixing biz, and convinces her to give the team part of the pay upfront for a job that she asked him to put together a crew for. She is providing first months rent on a lowkey safehouse, with the option to extend if things go well. The team accepts, with the proviso that they now can’t say no to the job, and they all load into the van, hiding as much of the illicit gear as they can in the smuggling compartment just in case, but Dean checks some scanners and tells them the route should be clear.

They drive to Lowry, north of Chinatown, and set up in their new digs- two “Secretly” connected condo units, taking up half of the 18th floor and with some pretty decent views. There’s a wide hidden door in two paired closets that looks large enough for a troll in full armor, so they arm up the mule drones and leave them guarding that for now while they get a lay of the land. Creep gets a call from Kendra de Santos that his request came in, and gets a quick courier delivery of the Tarot card he requested, but decides to hold off on making the set until they have somewhere safe to do it, without potentially blowing the new safehouse.

Aradia gives them some other updates on the town to supplement Heat’s briefing, and Otters signs up for a high lifestyle concierge service to get some assistance with social stuff around town, as well as a private car service for use in the Hub, which prohibits most personal vehicular traffic. She calls for a car to meet them at a Hub entrance, and they all take maglev transit over, not wanting the service to know their safehouse address either.

Creep buys them a bunch of semi-creepily pro-GW merch, which TD refuses to wear, getting a generic dragon shirt in the same colors. They realize they don’t have any just regular chill street wear, so Otters orders herself some from her concierge and the rest of the team wears Creep’s purchases. They see a lot of pro-GW street gangs, heavily populated by orks and trolls, roving around unmolested by the ZDF, but otherwise the town seems pretty peaceable, and the trains certainly run on time…. always the sign of a functioning state of a certain persuasion.

They reach the hotel that Cat has chosen for the meet, and Heat warns them that the locale is likely part of the test of this first run- so play it cool. Otters’ concierge service is able to get her the semi-secret password to the speakeasy bar, and after quietly murmuring it to the hostess, they are directed to a door hidden in a mirrored wall, and enter. Cat waves them over to her table and they order some drinks and make introductions, with Otters and Creep both sort of blowing it but everyone else covering sufficiently, especially since Cat has heard good things about Aradia since her arrival in town.

Partway into the preamble about the gig, some of the team spot someone else at the bar seemingly surveilling them, and Creep orders her a birthday cake from the hotel, which is quickly delivered with singing waiters, at the same time that Heat hits her with a Resonance spike, more to warn her off that do damage, which seems to do the trick. Cat seems satisfied and explains that even with a ban on spies, it doesn’t mean the spies are gone, and activates a few additional counter-measures to make sure.

She explains the job: she has intel about a secret, likely underground research facility using a meat processing plant as an above-ground cover. She wants to know what they’re researching and whose spot it its, with reduction in pay if either element is undiscovered. Other than getting the info and not getting caught she doesn’t care how they go about it, so long as it doesn’t blow back on her, though the team feels this may be another test of how they operate, and could determine what sort of work she will offer them in the future.

They head back out to the safehouse and rest up, with Creep and Aradia having a weird round of “whatever happened to…” catching up- given what occurred with Carol, Cholula, etc. Aradia watches the Damien Knight snuff BTL, somewhat stunned, and realizes she’s now been in close proximity to two recent AAA CEO assassinations- surely some kind of sign. Creep also notices that Aradia seems maybe a little more pro and a lot less witchy/mall goth, at least at a distance, and Aradia explains that she’s hooked up with some Rogue Lodge agents in town who might be interested in some of the team’s Motor City experiences.

The next day they head out with a lowkey loadout to scope out the meat plant in rural Castle Rock, and find it decently secure but not a super hard target. No obvious sign of a lab entrance or personnel, though the interior security does seem a bit over-equipped and there is a suspicious lack of cameras inside. Aradia and Heat also detect both a bad astral background count and a Dissonance pool, both of which seem to be being created intentionally by making the slaughterhouse layout unnecessarily convoluted and inefficient, causing extra distress to both animals and workers without explicitly doing anything cruel or untoward. A sort of malevolent geomancy.

Disturbed, they decide they need a better path to intel, so Heat, Aradia, and TD all get entry level jobs, which is surprisingly easy given the high turnover rate. Creep stays on-site overnight to keep up surveillance, and makes note of when the plant shuts down, how many people stay overnight, etc. Otters brings the van back the next day with one of the kitted out Mules in the smuggling compartment in case things go hot, and picks up Creep to get his surveillance update. The rest of the team buses in on employee buses from different stops, and gets a brutally short training.

It seems as with the animals, so with the employees- everything is inefficient and slightly dangerous, though not enough so that it would attract particular notice, but would probably drive high turnover. All in all, this seems like an excellent cover facility. Aradia and Heat are also able to ID that the floor of the whole place is both warded and coated in some sort of Faraday material, so they assume the lab is underneath. The one seam looks the be the freight elevator in an obscure back corner, which 2 of the interior guards always have in their LOS.

Heat cuts himself badly later in his shift, and is fired, and told he won’t be paid since his hourly rate didn’t even cover his medical expenses and knife rental, but Aradia performs capably, and TD gets a promotion the big meat saw after they prove very efficient, surprising everyone, even themself. They all exit, and Creep sneaks into the facility amidst the employee exodus after resting all day in the nearby van. He finds a good observation perch, and sees that the interior guards do swap during the overnight, 2 at a time descending the freight elevator and being replaced.

He sneaks aboard and rides down with the second pair to descend, and gets a quick look at the well-guarded foyer at the bottom, before riding back up with their replacements, not wanting to pull a repeat of his and Cholula’s basement adventures in Detroit, since he is getting no comms down here. He stays puts til morning when he can sneak out amidst employee arrival. Meanwhile, TD has put her skills to use and chatted up some fellow workers on the bus, getting some good intel- the inside guards don’t like when people look them in the face, but rotate between a few sets of guards. And more interestingly, rumors are that every friday, some people dressed the same as the other workers but who noone knows ride the buses back into town with everyone else, but don’t come back monday.

With good intel gathered all around, they decide to assess and plan how to gain entry, and Heat purchases some additional hacking shards from Hype in preparation. He’s found himself in a bit over his head- though he hasn’t admitted this to the team, he has primarily gotten where he is now through bluff, guile, an quality implants, and is a little alarmed to find himself having to fully earn his keep, but the pay seems good, and the crew seems “pro”, at least in a way, so he’s in for the ride.

Invisible Bridges, Underwater Facilities
12/18/2023, 2:10:23 PM
Runners
Creep
The Detective
Otters aka Roadkill
Pepper Jack
Heat
and guest appearance from:
Aylin Carewell!

Professor Dr. Makram Zharan finally gets to Detroit and arranges the promised interview with PPJ. PPJ seems more enthused than even Zharan expected, and not put off by his burly SK Prime security detachment. Zharan manages to answer a few question for PPJ and clarify a few things while also learning a lot- apparently, amongst other things, “Dis” was the name of a Mad Passion in the 4th World, or at least it’s closest modern translation. PPJ ends up volunteering to go under the knife to get his mystery crystal analyzed further, and Zharan tells him they’ll need to transport him to a nearby location, which he agrees to so long as some of his friends can come along to monitor.

Otters and Heat decide to travel separately, and get an AZT flight with all the team’s gear, vehicles, and drones out of town. Otters mods the van to look street legal, and checks in with Ringmaster. They plan to go look into Smoach’s will info, and see what they can find about the Ordo Maximus/De Vries. Ringmaster warns about the Ordo’s threat level, but says he’ll provide what support he can, and gets them contact info for some Scandi Union smugglers/pirates in case they need local supplies or assistance.

Otters calls up Goober in Chicago, who is quite surprised to hear from them again, and delighted to receive payment for the repair and berth bill the sub has racked up. He seems to be doing a little better (his and Lothan’s survivor support group seems to be helping), but reports that Chicago is getting more squeezed and corporatized. Meanwhile, Creep and TD accompany PPJ on the SK flight, and are not told of the destination, though Creep is able to determine that they are almost surely in or near Chicago, which makes sense as the nearest metropolis with a major SK presence that didn’t get hit with the Blackouts.

Creep and TD are allowed to watch the surgery through a monitor from an adjacent room, and PPJ is face down with his own monitor (and drugged up) while they operate on/near his spine. Zharan continues asking questions, which PPJ answers to the best of his ability, and everything seems to go fine other than a 15 second lapse in monitor footage, which SK blames on rolling brown-outs, acknowledging that they are in Chicago as a way of explaining. The team doesn’t fully buy it but can’t detect anything suspicious added or removed.

Zharan tells PPJ that the surgery was a success, and that the way the crystal was fused to him bears marks of the mysterious surgical techniques used on chimera and other Returned. He refuses to specify whether or where they’ve seen this specific type of crystal before, but suggests similarities to the Jewel of Memory, the Seelie Court Coimeadai, and other non-traditional data storage technologies. He also managed to unlock/clarify a few more of PPJ’s memories- some figure, who had a different appearance every time but PPJ somehow knew was the same entity, seems to have taken PPJ under it’s wing a bit, implanted him with the crystal, and assisted in his escape.

PPJ also is able to piece together that during his time in Dis, two major local events seems to have occurred- one seems to have corresponded to the team discovering and briefly viewing the door to Dis on the Moon, and the other seems to correspond to the detonation of the manatech weapon that ended Latvian Gambit. PPJ doesn’t have more context for either or it’s effects, but they seem to have been major enough to have made an impression even on him, deep in the surgical pits under the fighting arena where he seems to have spent most of his time before his flight.

He thanks the doc, tries to get more info about how to get in touch with other Returned, and doesn’t quite manage to fully refuse to provide more info or assistance in the future. The team heads out, suspicious, but with the offer of good pay for future investigations and a new contact to sell to, who seems to have a direct line to Lofwyr. They opt to stay in Chicago, so SK let’s them out through a discrete street entrance, and they link up with the rest of the team down at Goober’s docks.

Ringmaster calls and tells them he’s sending a Grey Cell mission specialist along for this job, and shortly afterwards Aylin Carewell arrives, and is delighted to see that PPJ is back. She’s able to fill in some gaps in what happened in Boston and since his disappearance, and he does his best to share his story with her. Aylin also brought some magic armor potions courtesy of her mom, Patty C, who is working as something like an internal alchemist for Grey Cell now.

They pick what gear they want for the mission, and cram into the sub with the weapon drones Otters is bringing. TD decides to stay behind with the van and the rest of the gear, renting a secure lockup spot from Goober and planning to catch up on some tub time before heading to Denver. Creep also hears from his former teammate Aradia, who says she heard from some Chicago contacts that his crew was around, and if they are looking for work, safehouses etc in Denver, to hit her up. Creep responses that they’ll be in touch soon, and the team heads out.

After about a week in the sub with no issues, due to Otters’ good piloting, Creep’s excellent navigation, and Aylin and PPJ’s abilities to spot magical threats, as well as Heat providing some good tunes, they arrive at the pirate island they were told to seek, a bit SW of Oslofjord. Creep was able to bond with Aylin a bit from her time in the underwater Chicago safehouse, where she watched a lot of old trids with her Merrow friends and her mom, especially when Patty C was first un-blood shaded and back on Earth from Celephais.

They get a tightbeam message from the pirate leader, Haradra, and surface as instructed. The pirates (who look and act pretty Viking-y, but with tech enhancement- motored longboats etc) seem to be planning to rip them off before sending them on their way, before Heat manages to step in and negotiate payment for safe passage, some local intel, and a distraction. This seems like an old gods worshipping group, and the team gets the feeling there might be some sketchy individuals mixed in, but probably not a wholly sketchy operation, the peril of most “traditional” communities.

Haradra informs them that SK has taken over monitoring civvie traffic in the Oslofjord, and seems to be looking for something underwater, so that’s where they’ll cause a distaction. There’s a small fishing and herding village in the fjord the team is headed to nearby, but it’s small and the locals shouldn’t be any trouble. The team heads out in the sub, staying stealthed and underwater. They can’t spot a facility with the sensors when they first arrive, but PPJ is able to spot a sort of magic dead zone, which Otters begins to circle, before bumping into something just below the water’s surface.

PPJ feels around with his spectral hand, and finds what seems to be an invisible bridge- either made of fully translucent material or some kind of stealth material. They map it a bit and find that it seems to run from shore out to a column in the fjord, also stealthed. Heat and Creep sneak out the top of the sub to check out the platform, creeping along the bridge, and avoiding alerting two villagers who seem to be acting as lookouts atop the adjacent promontories. Otters takes the sub deeper with the rest and manages to put together that the whole facility seems stealthed, is shaped a bit like a top, and is anchored to the sea floor.

They start ascending again, not seeing any alternate ways inside. Meanwhile, Creep covers Heat while Heat uses his Resonance abilities to hack into the hardwired door set into the platform floor. Around the edge is inscribed the Latin phrase “Never Heal the Weak”. As the door irises open, Heat is almost overwhelmed by a horrifying Dissonance effect field, which seems to originate from 2 sickly individuals inside the chamber below, who leap up and attack the two runners with monowhips.

They manage to dodge and coordinate fire just as the sub surfaces, and Otters is able to get a drone in the fight, along with PPJ’s magic, which he uses to blast one of the lookouts. After finishing off the two “guards”, they drop their bodies off the sides of the platform and see them quickly sink, as if they were unusually dense. With PPJ’s assensing, he confirms they also emit a bad background count- they seem almost like cyberzombies without the implants? They see a mob of villagers racing towards them down the invisible bridge, so they all head into the chamber and Heat closes the door behind them, as well as adding all their faces to the white list in an auto turrets targeting program.

Interestingly, DeVries’ face is already in there as well, so it seems like they’re in the right place. Heat gets the next door open, and both him and PPJ stagger from the background count and Dissonance effects again, as they drop down yet another level and find 4 more of the dead-eyed guards, along with one rune-robed vampire mage who shrieks at them that “they shall serve the Hidden Master!” Creep blasts him, and the mage controls Creep’s blood to almost take PPJ out. Heat takes a bad hit from one of the guard’s monofil whips, but otherwise the team, luckily, avoids any major damage (though one of Otters’ drones is destroyed) and wins the fight.

Aylin remembers to decapitate the vamp, and they also take off a hand to use both for biometrics in the facility. The guards start liquefying after they die, as if whatever was holding them together is gone. There are 4 more auto-turrets all pointed at a central elevator. Heat edits the team into the white list again, and Creep spots a pure mechanical kill switch, which looks like it would sever the cables and drop the elevator. All the controls seem to be up top, so they debate leaving someone before Creep also spots an anomalous air vent, and Aylin mists down it.

It seems intended for vamp travel around the facility, and she finds an elevator lobby with a secure door (and another turret), plus sterilization misters and lots of cameras and sensors, which seem operational. No personnel though. She mists back up, and they take the elevator down. Heat hops on PPJ’s shoulders to touch a camera, and finds that even the devices themselves are unusually high security. He does get in, and finds that part of what might be assisting his efforts is that there is already some sort of program or agent loose in the system, wrecking stuff and distracting iC.

The system does seem to notice Heat though, so he does some quick combat to crash one IC, and then hides to get himself some time to dig around. He does a quick pan through sensors, and sees that all the facility staff, prisoners, experimental subjects etc seem to have gathered on the central 13th floor (Aylin confirms the numerological symbology to the Ordo). They are in pitch black, so only getting thermo imagery, but they seem to all be ringed around a central monolith, which looks like a much larger shard of the same material they encountered in Detroit.

DeVries stands nearest the floating obelisk, and seems to have… grown…. since the last image the team has seen, and looks to be slowly consuming the other Infected present, which they seem to participate in willingly. Aylin informs the team that DeVries was known to have vowed to only feed on those he hunted (other Infected) as a form of penitential self-hatred, but this looks worrying even for that. There are some signs of combat around that level, but it looks more like DeVries initally tried to fight without anyone fighting back, before he began doing whatever it is he’s up to now.

With this intel, the rest of the team takes the vamp’s eyes and hand, warming them a bit, and uses them to start accessing lab levels to gather what intel they can, avoiding the 13th floor for now. Heat works on getting what data he can off the server, getting the the facility weapons not to target the team where he can, and crashing the sat uplink so the Ordo doesn’t learn of their presence during the next scheduled burst transmission.

The team enters lab after lab, finding them in various states of disuse, some seemingly abandoned mid-task, some carefully organized, but all empty of both staff and subjects. It’s very eerie with assorted lighting, and all high-end polished metal and engineered plastics- lab/surgical materials throughout. All the iso cages and containment cells are open, and many of the auto weapons and security shutters seem to have been artfully disabled or sabotaged, seemingly all around the same time. However, all the sensors and cameras seem to remain active.

They learn of Project: GOLEM (cyberzombie investigation, delta clinic training, and looking at why Infected are rejecting even high level implants with regen now), and how it spawned both KALI (the origin of AZT’s Bloodpanther Vampiric specops corps, though whether that was purchased or stolen by the corp is unclear), and also MYRMIDON (the implant-free cyberzombies they encountered above- it seems that using CZ ritual knowledge, as well as careful vessel prep, they somehow are sacrificing victims to bind them to their own bodies, which seems to create the bad background count and Dissonant field effect). Distrubingly, it looks like Phase 2 of the MYRMIDON is to attempt to make those field effects controllable!

They find labs dedicated to LAZARUS (seeking “true resurrection” magic, but have only made dangerous Blood Shades so far, Aylin is horrified). However, LAZARUS seems to have lead to major innovations in life extension genetech using HMHVV plasmids, which seem to in general have become a critical part of most high-end implant tech globally since the CFD crisis, when everyone was seeking nanite alternatives. This seems to be a major source of profit for the Ordo, through numerous cutous of course. They find mutated. stunted, dead vamp clones in vats, seemingly an effort to genetweak out the weaknesses/downsides of Infection, with no success thus far, aka TERMINUS. This seems to have been abandoned to pursue more promising research into “Manifold Levels.”

They find a deep sea monitoring station, which is keeping an eye on 3 primary locations: SK, and their activity in the Oslofjord. 2: a somewhat nearby location, where what looks the corner of a massive spell-runed cube is poking out of the ocean floor. 3: also not too far from that, a Russian sub graveyard that looks to be leaking pollutants, and seems to be being encouraged to leak more (as well as possible nuclear material) by some toxie cultists who are operating in the area.

They find labs dedicated to PR outreach, which seems to funnel funds to Horizon for a pro-Infected PR campaign they are waging, possibly without their full knowledge of where the money is from, given the Ordo’s media lab here. The funds also seems to be redirected from Taco Temple. implying that the Ordo might be behind that chain as well. They also discover a food testing lab where TT recipes are developed, carefully integrating a strange, harmless reagent from the metaplane Carcean, purchased in bulk from MCT’s metaplanar mining operation. So most people who ever ate at TT would likely have some of this neutral but non-passable material left in their bodes! What does the Ordo have planned!

And finally, as they get closer to the center, they find the most dangerous stuff: all the experiments and labs related to meta-cannibalism. The first are NOX LILITU (seemingly the initial investigation into strange phenomena around Wendigo cults, who are known to eat their followers amongst others, as well as some kind of deal with the Null Sect to assist with the Blackout in exchange for data processing aid). This involves studies of the “Manifold Level”, continued in CHRONOS (which suggests that sufficient Manifold Level begins to manifest/connect to some kind of external hive mind).

They find AVERNUS, which Dyna Mite warned them of, and studies astral travel, especially stable means of transit. It seems to focus on using Mel’Thelem (the strange magic batteries from the 4th World that the team had documented in Boston and elsewhere) to be able to power something called an “Andominel” which seems to refer to the object the the Detroit fragments and monolith here are shards of. They hint at the rumored locations of a few of these Andominel, and suggest that the Tarot may hold one location. However, they seem to have found an alt way to access some of the Andominel’s power using “the Gestalt”, the name they have given to the external hive mind manifested by sufficient metacannibalism of other infected.

This leads to AHRIMAN, where they seem to be studying this Gestalt entity, and where the team finds repeated reminders of the necessity of a full air-gap between this lab and it’s personnel and any contact with Outer or Inner Circle members of the Ordo, seemingly paranoid about “contamination”. There is also evidence of numerous recent data and personnel transfers to Asamando, where they seem to be working on something connected to Asamando’s recent construction of huge “sub-arcologies” buried in abanonded mines. This lab also suggests a theoretical connection a 4th World Horror, with HMHVV as a kind of 6th World construct equivalent, seeing as the virulence and prevalence of the virus fluctuates with the ambient mana level.

They also find hints of PROMOTHEUS (seemingly some ritual planned to attempt to trap and control the Gestalt entity, which they seem to have found a way to commune with through the Andominel using the Manifold Level increase achieved by force-feeding prisoners), and something called AMBROSIA (which seems to be their end game, but all info about which seems reliant on the success of PROMETHEUS and has been transferred to Asamando). With their lab investigations concluded, they head back up to the exit, finding Heat, who has downloaded the sensor logs after decrypting them and defusing the data bomb, and crashed the next planned satlink upload, before having to flee the IC in the system, while the other fanged avatar kept wreaking havoc.

Aylin mists up the vamp tube, and gets them up via the elevator, before saying she has to go back to try to talk to DeVries. She returns to the 13th floor, and enters without any trouble. Most upsettingly, all the figures in the room turn to face Aylin as she enters, and begin all quietly saying her name in a welcoming way. They all have the same purple/orange violently burning eyes. A strange speech starts broadcasting, spoken at once from everyone in the room, as well as audible inside her head. She tries to shake it off, knowing she’s on a job, but is unable to, and gives in to the desire, beginning to feed on other Infected.

As she does so, she feels a sense of intense connection that feels almost like a homecoming, as well as feeling herself increase in power. The team waiting above is getting worried, and Creep, paranoid, slams the elevator kill switch just in case. The elevator plummets to the bottom of the shaft as a 10 second countdown starts. Panicked, Heat races to get the airlock doors open and the team frantically climbs the ladders towards the waters above, diving free as the facility blows and swimming for the sub. It seems there’s no way Aylin or anyone else could have survived, and they see the villagers scattered off the platform and bridge into the sea as the anchor at the base seems to have severed and the facility is imploding and pulling itself apart.

Upsettingly, the sub is reading a massive radiation spike, though hopefully the water gave them some protection, but they have almost surely come to SK’s attention- they may have to call in another favor from the pirates to escape!

Still Processing
12/11/2023, 7:04:48 PM
Runners
Creep
The Detective
Otters aka Roadkill
Pepper Jack
Heat
and goodbye to:
Chew Gum
and Dig

The team spends a while healing and trying to make sense of what just happened, surrounded by dead Technomancers, who all seem to have flatlined alongside the Host. PPJ gets a strange urge to understand and discover what occurred in the Host, since he missed most of it, and the team starts piecing everything together. Rose is alive, but still unconscious. CG and PPJ use some necromantic magic on one of the dead TM’s (after scanning faces to make sure to select one from out of town), and Otters and TD do some network analysis, alongside Dig providing some input with his hacking knowledge and analysis spells.

When combined with info in the team file, they piece together the following: it seems that Hengester (aka “The Greens”), an ex-Deus cult from the Seattle Renraku Arcology shutdown, were somehow involved in placing “the Seed”, which seems to be both the name of the device at the root of the Null Node and also of a 4th World “magical matrix” Passion or similar, that may be connected to the Resonance and the Coimeadai of the Seelie Court.

It seems that this device somehow connected the original “the 100” experiment in Boston to a strong stream of Resonance energy, using Matrix Faults similar to the one the team used to desperately escape the “Deep Foundation.” These Faults are rumored to have been caused by interactions between the Jormungandr virus, Resonance and Dissonance energy, and multiple fragmenting AI’s during the Second Matrix Crash. This connection explains how the modern Foundation has stayed "on’ since the 100 were taken offline- it seems like their collective dreaming ending should have also shut down the Foundation that they “dreamed” into being but the Resonant energy connection seems to continue to power it.

However, this also seems to have connected to the Null Sect and given them access to our world, from whatever/wherever their realm is, whether or not it existed before that connection was made. Also, after comparing notes, they determine that the switch on top of the device was a literal kill switch- likely put in place to turn off the wireless matrix in case of another AI takeover attempt like in 2064. Looking at recent events, and which cities were hit with Blackouts (as well as which weren’t), they determine that the most likely series of events is as follows:

The UCAS attempted to rescind the BRA, to punish ARES (and the CC for standing by ARES) so the Corp Court decided to hit back by using the kill switch in most major UCAS cities that weren’t already declaring independence (Seattle) or parts of which weren’t essentially under full corp control (Chicago, Boston, Manhattan) even if technically in UCAS jurisdiction. This would explain the initial Blackout, with an EMP device detonated as a PR explanation/excuse to give witnesses an obvious explanation.

This was also likely intended as a means to sever the Null Sect and their connection to the Foundation from DelaMar’s revamped “new matrix.” However, it seems the NS found about or suspected this plan somehow and had prepared their own addition/counter- recreating “the 100” experiment with more linked-up kidnapped TM’s. This is what the team found in the basement here, and though they were able to crash this one Foundation, they get a feeling that similar to the first 100 experiment, whatever the NS got the linked TM brains to do may not have been taken offline.

However, they seem to have cleared the NS from the local area for now, and celebrate as their devices start coming back online. They speculate that the length and extremity of the local Blackout may have been a result of the TM experiment getting linked up and altering the intended effect of the kill switch, effectively the tortured, screaming TM brains were all acting as a massive jammer of sorts, shouting out and shutting down any attempts by any matrix infrastructure to reboot after initially crashing it all. The fact that SK provided them with a Hitchhiker program and Simrigs implies some level of corp awareness of what they needed to do, so they decide to tread carefully when deciding what to share with whom.

PPJ can tell that at least some of the TM’s felt a sense of relief as they came apart in the collapse of the Foundation, a cessation of their torturous existence, and CG is able to tell that some of the imported TM victims were brought from at least as far as Seattle, and before Latvian Gambit prep shut the city down, so it seems the NS have been planning this for a while, likely in cahoots with the local Black Lodge, given what else the team had discovered about them. this also begs the question of if this was the only city where this occurred or if this was a linked mutli-location effort on behalt of the NS, which will also determine who they sell the info to.

Feeling like they pieced it together well enough for now, they accept SK’s offer to help them all get back upstairs, and haul out Rose as well. They find Heat waiting with the van, having kept it at least intact, if not safe, during the heavy fighting. It seems SK has already med-evaced any casualties of theirs, as the team only sees dead Grid Pirates/Blackout Boyz and their families, alongside a few that SK managed to subdue and capture. The team is allowed to leave freely with SK saying they will take care of securing the scene.

After dropping Rose at the medical clinic below the Plat Zone, Dig tells everyone to head upstairs to the bar for a surprise he has prepared, and they enter a bizarro AR-overlay with a Roseanne theme. There is much celebrating in the bar and the surrounding area as power starts to haphazardly come back online, along with comms and such. Creep frantically starts trying to upload all of his Roseanne spec scripts/fanfic, as others check news, cached messages etc.

Heat performs an impromptu set with Marjo-Lin at the Brickhouse, impressing everyone with his hyper-hardcore maxed out BPM style. Midway through the party, Dig leaves without saying goodbye, planning to never see any of them again, and flies up to the Bloomfield Nature Reserve, where he and Moreau finally connect over their distrust of other metahumans, and Moreau introduces the various animals, critters, and biodrones he is rehabbing, as well as explaining his new position in the Draco Foundation as a paracritter expert.

The rest of the team gets cornered by Brunwyn (in her human form) and Frau Brackhaus, who ask for a mission debrief. The Detective very carefully provides what the team had agreed on and nothing more, to the slight consternation but overall satisfaction of the SK reps. They seem satisfied with what they got out of it- the chance to play hero, gaining good local rep early on in their tenure here, as well as some data about what the NS is up to and the kill switch, which seems to surprise Brunwyn much less than Brackhaus, implying that the team was right to assume some level of corp awareness.

The team then links up with Ringmaster after much debate, and gets the rest of the info to him. They did some quick research and discovered he is likely supposedly deceased ex-CIA head Atticus Cole, but decide to still trust him based on his recent actions. They give him all the “Deep Foundation”, Hengester, the device, the NS activities and types, how the Blackout seems to have functioned, etc. He is able to fill in some gaps for them based on other info he has been gathering.

He says it seems like Hengester had remained loyal to Deus, and provided something called the “transfer Circuit” to DelaMar- this seems to be some sort of key item or ingredient needed to build new Foundations/Hosts and is mysterious and tightly controlled. But Ringmaster speculates this is the basis of the device they found in the hyper-real Null space “Deep Founation”, which he suggests either is or must operate like a UV node, as he has no other logical explanation for their description of events there.

He says that he has fresh intel that many members of Hengester were killed during the Blackouts, with survivors on the run, but that he has people seeking them and will bring the team in on any interrogations that follow. He also says he has heard DelaMar is also in hiding. it seems the NS may not have appreciated the attempt to disconnect them. Ringmaster also chuckles to himself that it seems that Deus had likely planned the whole Hengester thing as a backup plot in case his Novatech IPO emergence failed (as it did). But of course, PAX lured surviving Deus network nodes to Boston as a sort of revenge ahead of the CFD outbreak there, which seems to have further shattered, scattered and altered many of the various pieces of the malevolent AI that were floating around.

So maybe the NS and Hengester and PAX all collectively and sort of accidentally did the rest of metahumanity a favor? Regardless, a fortunate confluence of events, since it prevented another Deus emergence attempt, or altered it so significantly as to effectively mean the same thing in the end. Ringmaster worries that of course this won’t be the last anyone hears of this assorted foes, but the team won a solid victory today, and he pays them a significant fee for their work here and elsewhere during Motor City’s crises, now that he has more access to regular funding again. He also provides them each with a gold coin with a dragon’s eyes inscribed on one side, and tells them they have each earned a favor from Grey Cell, explaining that his secret organization is attempting to “continue the work of Far-Scholar”, which the team is able to piece together as a reference to Dunkelzahn’s 4th World appellation.

They head out and party some more, with Creep taking drugs under an AR Roseanne couch, TD seeking out a tub to get high in, and PPJ getting approached by Cehualli, who seems mildly disappointed to not have gotten any of the info from the team this time. However, he confirms their transit plans to Denver, and tells PPJ to seek out an organization called “Mystics and Magics” once there, as they are studying anti-aging and would likely be interested in whatever stasis or time dilation seems to have effected him during his missing time. PPJ also feels a sense of relief at having understood so much of what occurred, and also feels like he could access his mysterious bonus power again at some point when needed.

A little freaked out, he warns the team that something strange is going on with him, and Creep offers to kill him, which he refuses. Noone else seems overly worried since they can’t detect anything specific and he has a bit of a hard time defining exactly what he is even concerned about. They all rest up for a bit while news rolls in from outside, and other cities start coming back online, with Ringmaster reporting that a few other major metropolises (including Toronto) also had Grid Pirates and NS collabs with kidnapped TM’s, though Detroit was by far the largest. He’s had teams out restoring power in cities where the corps didn’t bother to help, and is leveraging this for future assistance to Grey Cell when needed with grateful locals in various parts of the crumbling country.

While the team recuperates and patches up, they get a few calls about biz in Denver, as word is getting out that they’re leaving town. Ringmaster wants them to look into the Spirit of the City- what is up with that now that Zebulon has been shattered again? He also warns them the the Cult of the Great Hunter, the downtime dragon hunters/possible Horror worshippers are rumored to be active in Ghostwalker’s domain. Peregrine calls to say he is relocating to Denver as well, looking to get out from SK’s thumb and keep “fixing things” (ha), and hopes they will have a chance to work together there. The team is amenable. And perhaps most interestingly, STV reaches out, wanting the team to look into who is stymying their efforts to establish a presence in Denver.

They also have some info for the team- with the matrix finally getting back up (over the course of days it becomes patchily functional throughout the city, though it will be weeks or more til it’s back to full functionality) they received a Last Will and Testament request and modification from Smoach. It seems he snuck a message and some funds out via a Resonance channel to another PI friend in Europe who was able to pin down Martin DeVries last known location. Smoach seems to have planned to try to link up with him to support his fight against Fear the Dark and get revenge for Myrryr, and has passed this along to the team in the event of his death. Combined with the info the team from the decoded Black Lodge journal, they determine that the location, a fjord in the Scandinavian Union, must be near to the Ordo Maximus “Project PILLAR” facility in which they set a trap for him.

PPJ wants to go there immediately, but the rest of the team, plus his memory of Darien Black’s summons, convince him to go to Denver first to set up a safehouse and base of ops there, since it will be a lot easier to travel globally from Denver than Detroit at the moment. Heat also checks in and reminds them that he has one last job to tackled in Detroit before returning to Denver, and that he’d loved to hire them for it so he can give a solid rec for them when they get back to his city. They agree, and he negotiates pay with his mentor, “Hype” deSilva.

They’re supposed to look into an abandoned/damaged AZT facility in a small exurb near Detroit. They debate asking Cehualli about it but decide to beg forgiveness if caught instead. Realizing they’ll need to travel outside the walls to get there, Otters has to de-apocalypse the team van a bit, and a few team members need to buy new SINs. They purchase them from the Metal Maniacs, which reminds them they have an unfinished job from Grandmother Biyu to figure out how they make such good SINs so quickly.

Dr. Tilda Aurand, in an upgraded brain case and spider drone body, also begs them to take her with, as she says something creepy is going on with the Metal Maniacs. They offer Heat and Creep nanites again, to protect them against the bugs, and they both refuse with various degrees of politeness. The gang seems used to Creep though and doesn’t take offense. However, the team notices that the prevalence of extreme cyber-mods in the neighborhood is growing rapidly, including assorted civilians as well as the usual street children lookouts.

A bit disturbed themselves, they agree to bring Aurand with them, though she is her usual unpleasant self, complimenting the gang on their lack of squeamishness around implanting children. She loudly announces she is leaving, and noone stops them, partially cause Heat is distracting some of the gangers with his high-speed tunes, perhaps. Regardless, they agree to bring her with to Denver as she has a list of corps to potentially seek shelter with and none of them are locally present. She warns them that the MM have a back area she was never allowed in, and that people who go back there seem to come out with much lower essence and some personality changes, from what she’s been quietly able to determine.

She says she both learned and taught a lot there, so doesn’t seem to regret her time, but likes herself far too much to risk a personality change. The team stashes her at the Plat Zone for now while they head out of town. Luckily PPJ’s old fake SIN as well as the team’s new ones all pass muster- it seems like the mix of MET2000 and UCAS border guards are more concerned with bug cultists than anything else, so they breeze through after some cursory checks don’t uncover their smuggling compartment full of mission gear.

PPJ does some astral scouting ahead and sees that the facility in question appears wrecked and abandoned, but has a drone security perimeter and a single board looking watcher spirit on patrol, but not metahuman presence. Their is a bad vibe there that seems like some combo of Dissonance energy and cyberzombie astral blowback, which PPJ recognizes from Boston. He reports back to the team, and they decide to have Creep sneak in with one of Otters’ drones, along with spell and spirit assistance from CG and PPJ, while Heat, Otters, and TD keep an eye on drone movements and network activity, and prepare to back him up if needed.

Luckily, the infiltration goes super smoothly, and Creep and Otters (via drone) get a thorough look inside the facility. Creep feels uniquely suited to the task, as he isn’t negatively effected by what seems likely to be a horrific background count as well as a Dissonance pool. Returning to the team without setting off security alerts, they scan through the data and piece together what likely happened here.

Having recently been reminded of PAX by Ringmaster, and having seen a rumor in the team file that she was extracted from Boston by AZT just before her Dissonant CZ lab there was blown up in a Thor strike, they confirm that she was likely transferred to this facility and kept prisoner here. However, she seems to have managed to gain access to or control of some test subjects, who seem like two variants on classic CZ’s- one using a modified/experimental STIRRUP system, inspired by Kit’s wimp drone in Seattle, to rig metahuman bodies remotely. The other, somehow more disturbing, appears to be a project called “Dissociative Fragmentation Disorder”.

This appears to be corp-weaponized CFD, but a targeted infection, that would allow an e-personality to take over a prepared vessel via nanite infection, without needing to be present all the time. This would likely make for excellent sleeper agents, assassins and the like, and the team starts wondering if this may be what the Metal Maniacs are up to! The timing makes sense- they got weird and much better at making SINS in the short time between the end of Latvian Gambit and the start of the Blackouts, and this lab breakout seems to have occurred around the same time, and Detroit is the nearest major city, and the MM are the weirdest cyber gang there.

Heat reports into Hype, who pays up, and tells him to continue his investigations in Denver, there being some rumors that PAX and or “Ex Machina” may have passed through or set up there next. The team also decides to leave on good terms with Biyu, and passes the intel onto her as well (not the lab info, just the MM stuff). She appreciates it, and understands that as the MM are members of the gang coop, this may pose some difficulties for the team, and says she will take it under advisement and deal with it herself, but suggests the team avoid contact with the MM for the time being, just in case.

The team agrees, and having concluded all their biz here, as well as having gotten many of their friends and contacts killed or badly injured, and also having heard that some CAS smugglers are asking around looking for Otters, seemingly with ill intent, they decide it’s about time to get out of there and head to Denver. CG also announces he will be staying behind, much to Creep’s sadness and surprise, though CG has good reasons- the summoning ban in Denver being the big one, but also his desire to do more ritual work with Jaga and Dig, help bolster the spirit of the city, and assist/keep an eye on the Scions of the Blight, who are currently rewilding the Casa Aurelius ruins.

The team is said to see him go (/stay?) but all eventually understand, and start going over all their assorted vehicles, drones and gear, in order to see what all they want to bring with to Denver, a city with a lot more restrictions to what kind of stuff you can just walk around in/carrying. It seems like both Creep and Otters’ smuggling skills are about to become quite a bit more useful again!

Blackout Revenge
12/4/2023, 11:18:01 AM
Runners
Creep
Chew Gum
Dig
The Detective
Otters aka Roadkill
Pepper Jack
and introducing: Heat

The team spends some time debating where to sell all the Black Lodge intel they decoded, and ends up passing the sheaf of papers (explanation of the “how to” of their ritual plus Ordo Maxiums stuff with key) along to Ringmaster and Kendra de Santos, and the journal (Black Lodge internal politics and plans with key) to Cehualli at AZT. Cehualli promises them a large bump in their exit pay to gear up for Denver, and KdS offers them magical foci, “safe” artifacts from Arleesh’s vault, or a future favor. Dig, CG, and PPJ all take the foci, Creep requests a specific Tarot card (wanting to see if he can make another Cornerstone chunk), and Otters and TD take future favors.

A relief VTOL from Denver drops off some useful supplies, along with a new to town runner named Heat, who was sent by Jonny Silver (amongst others) to accomplish a few tasks. He quickly tracks down PPJ at the Plat Zone, and makes contact on Jonny’s behalf, and they gossip for a bit and update each other on Denver/Detroit. Heat tells them about a few of his jobs, and Dig and TD are easily able to connect him with Marjo-Lin, who is supposed to make sure flies to Denver to start recording with Glock .50. Creep gets him a clean copy of the Damien Knight snuff BTL as Heat explains that ARES has flooded the market with “ripjacks”, toxic code BTL’s that harm or kill their users, to try to suppress the real BTL of Knight’s death.

Otters is fascinated to get the latest BTL news and chats with Heat for a while. PPJ assenses him, having learned from recent experience, and insists on checking the color of his blood as well. Luckily, it all checks out- Heat is a human technomancer in good health, with no Possession or Inhabitation going on. However, there is something a little weird- his cyber implants seem unusually well-integrated into his essence. PPJ reports this back to the team, which Heat finds rude until PPJ explains “Motor City etiquette” after which the precautions make more sense. Heat has some other work in town too which he needs a team for so he proposes they work together.

Then, with Otters’ data mapping the Blackout’s effect zone, and Brunwyn’s data from interrogating the rogue Brackhaus, and Ringmaster’s data from his teams have been cutting old hardwires in the DDB, the team is finally able to trace the Blackout back to it’s origins, an old pre-Crash 2.0 wired matrix hub and power station, on Zug Island, in the river just SW of Downtown. SK offers to do recon and plan the assault, or let the team do their own recon and participate in the planning. However, the team will once again be the tip of the spear as SK is tied down holding Windsor against sporadic True Canadian terror attacks, and their forces in town are more brute force than infiltration specialists. Frau Brackhaus provides the team with hotsim rigs (for those who don’t have them) and gives Dig a copy of the “Hitchhiker” program, explaining they will likely have to dive in at some point.

Otters flies over in the VTOL with Morticia and bird Dig along. They do a recon pass and Dig spots a massive Plague spirit, but strangely no summoner, although Otters ID’s Mother Gorgon, the surviving toxie cult leader, as being on the island- they assume she must be masking. They also see the surviving Grid Pirates/Blackout Boyz, with heavy arms and armor, patrolling in two squads of 5. There is a hardened bunker-like building, a single crumbling causeway to approach on, and a collapsed dock on the far side of the island, so pretty good defensive position, but it also doesn’t look like they can retreat. The island is overgrown and has no obvious magical barriers- it seems like they were aiming to keep a low profile (which they have til now).

They plan the assault, with SK offering fire support from the WIndsor bank, while the team hits it from the Detroit side. SK will also attempt to manage any reinforcements that arrive and cut off any escape. They recruit Heat and Rose to help with matrix defense on the TacNet and figure some TM’s will be useful in general. Otters drops Creep off on the roof of the bunker with an alchemical token that Dig prepared, which starts shaping a hole in the concrete ceiling. Creep then catches sight of the huge patrolling spirit, which CG and Dig use to target their ritual- a massive lightning bolt which cooks off a bunch of the spirit’s scabrous armor. Creep starts blasting sensors on the bunker’s roof to mess with the defender’s weapons auto-tracking abilities.

PPJ goes astral to take on the spirit, as bird Dig and CG rejoin the fight, pouring fire on the spirit to try to finish it off so the van can approach. Otters gets some shots in as well with her new sniper drone, which does massive damage before being destroyed by acid spells from Mother Gorgon and the spirit. PPJ then successfully kills the spirit on the astral, and Otters starts racing the van up the causeway. Mother Gorgon goes astral as her remaining cultists drag her to cover, and Dig jumps in to astral as well to help PPJ against her.

With another brutal mage duel occurring in the astral plane, Creep and CG, using silenced weapons, pick off Mother Gorgons cultists from hiding, and then finally manage to kill her while she is away from her body. PPJ declares that he is best mage in the area as per usual. He returns to his body, and Otters flies him over to join the fight as CG keeps providing sniper support, Otters fires rockets and HMG rounds from the van, and SK mortar and sniper teams assault the remaining defenders now that the magical threat is dealt with.

They make short work of the surviving defenders on their side of the island, and SK reports they have the rest pinned down on the far side for now. CG uses his spirit’s movement powers to quickly dash down the causeway and join the team. Creep has finally snuck inside and gotten a look around- he spots Spritelok’s providing power, and shoots out the one locking the front doors. He also sees that the Blackout Boyz weren’t lying- many of their family members, including a number of children, are here, with a not insignificant number of weapons and what look like suicide vests.

In the van, Rose and Heat report that the TacNet is under assault from clear and red humanoid figures, the red ones drip worms from a writhing mass. Heat says he can hold it for now, while they task Rose with disabling the suicide vests. They hear her mumble “fuck em all” before she detonates them, killing everyone inside. When questioned she says she hates what the Grid Pirates made her in to but does not regret doing this. She is also badly injured from biofeedback. Not wanting to waste time (or ammo) CG has his spirits bash the door open and the team enters, with Heat staying behind to keep the van safe and block the entrance for anyone coming after.

They shut down the TacNet as the matrix assault increases and go LOS only. Wading through the carnage of the interior, they find another bunker-like inner chamber, air-gapped and still sealed, though the door is damaged. They bash their way in again, and Rose manages to get the elevator opposite working- going down. She takes even more damage doing so and is looking rough. She reports that the local matrix feels wrong and is filled with vines. They descend, and find a truly horrific site.

It seems that the plan here was to recreate “the 100” experiment- they only have about half as many TM’s but they are all hooked up to a massive central terminal. It looks a bit more jury-rigged than DelaMar’s facility under Boston, but likely still has some massive power for whatever it is they are attempting. Interestingly, there are no human technicians or attendants present- only drone manipulator arms on tracks. Worrying that time might be limited with the sound of renewed fighting above echoing down the elevator shaft, they approach the terminal and Dig hooks everyone up to their simrigs, the program reads all green, and they dive in.

They find that they have entered straight into the Foundation, and emerge into a dark carnival. Dangerously janky rides and hideous laughter abound. PPJ starts cutting some of the vines that grow everywhere, and instantly attracts attention from the white and black silhouettes wandering the area. Dig cuts him out of the Hitchhiker link, and PPJ gets dumped back into his body, deciding to focus on healing and monitoring the others. The rest of the team manages to remember to behave in a manner befitting the paradigm, and TD figures out the local layout. Otters is delighted to participate in carnival stuff and maybe has found a BTL addiction replacement in this hyper-real style of place.

They are also nearly overwhelmed by sporadic blasts of horrific noise. Otters retunes her RCC to bring the noise down to a manageable level, and they decide to track it back, figuring it must be important. Using TD’s understanding of the layout, they end up working their way up the line into the “tunnel of love” ride, which appears to be a river, clogged with vines, flowing downwards. The noise is coming from within. Upsettingly to all, it seems that not only are they in the Null Node, they appear to be able to travel down through it to something below- both Dig and Rose confirm that this is not a space known to exist.

With no other obvious options, they descend. Rose is almost instantly killed, and disappears, shattering into many tiny pieces. PPJ manages to stabilize her body in the basement as she seizes, but she seems changed. After assensing her, he realizes she is no longer a Technomancer! The rest of the team sneaks down the vines, spotting a grey silhouette at the bottom. They also appear to be back in the real world- they have their equipment again and are no longer having to fit with a paradigm. They open fire, and destroy the gray man, but this seems to attract further attention, as numerous of the Null Sect triangle mouths start flooding the chamber.

They spot a device in the center of the chamber, overgrown with vines, and labelled “Hengester SEED”. Otters opens fire on it and the others follow as the Null begin attacking them. Luckily Dig’s biofeedback filter absorbs much of the initial assault, but the team starts getting hurt, and PPJ frantically tries to stay on top of healing their bodies with the med drone and spells. Just as Creep finally blasts apart the device, he sees a huge switch on top, that based on vine growth patterns and such seems to have been turned on recently. Dig also was able to analyze the device a bit, and determined that it was the source of the noise, that it was hooked up to all the TM brains, that it was pulling energy somehow from the Resonance, and that this current project seemed intended to sever Resonance and Matrix connections.

With the device destroyed, the noise finally stops, but CG is quickly also killed alongside Dig as they fight the Null. PPJ manages to stabilize them both in their meat bodies. However, with Dig gone, and all the various shades of silhouette pouring into the chamber from the Foundation above as the vines retract, the rest of the team is one their own. Otters, tripping badly from some pyschotropic side effect of her wounds, notices some kind of strange pressure change, and TD and Creep are able to sneak through the crowd well enough to avoid further injury and guide Otters along with.

They head down the one side passage that none of the Null seem to be using, and find a rippling vortex blocking their way. With the Null closing in behind them, and seeing a glimpse of what looks like PPJ through a fisheye disttortion, they dive in, and all tumble back into their meat bodies- but it all felt so real! Only TD stays conscious from the dumpshock, though luckily PPJ is able to keep both the others from flat-lining. With the team all “safely” out of the matrix and badly injured, they prepare to figure out how to get out of there, hoping the fighting upstairs has wrapped up as they don’t have much capacity left.

They also see that all the TM’s hooked up to the terminal have flat-lined, and wonder if some of the ghostly forms they saw at the carnival were those same TM’s, slowly being used up…. They are able to ID most of the TM’s as ones reported missing around town since the Blackouts, but there are also a fair number of others, as if some were brought here ahead of time! Also- where were they? It seemed so real!

Spirited Competition
11/27/2023, 10:47:28 AM
Runners
Creep
Chew Gum
Dig
The Detective
Otters aka Roadkill
Pepper Jack

The remaining infiltration team, having barely escape the Black Lodge neighborhood before the ritual disruption caused a massive disaster, floats around in Lake St Clair for a while before Wood Raven finds them and hauls them back to shore, tactfully not mentioning the wreckage of his nice stealth speedboat. He tells them that a spirit dog showed up in front of him and guided him out to their floating wreckage raft, and Otters feels that Dog has perhaps repaid the favor owed to her.

When they get back to shore, Wood Raven helps Otters do some emergency drying out of all the drones and the team links back up with ChewGum and The Detective at the main offensive line/distraction attack position. TD had been helping with tactics and coordination. Creep also eventually shows up, a bit too late to assist, reporting that the spirits that attacked and chased him, trying to steal his leg, suddenly vanished.

Not getting any response on the radio, they decide to check up on the Belle Isle crew, and head that way, while Creep works on cracking the safe that Dig stole. Finding some explosives inside, he gets PPJ to use his spectral hand to disable them, and gets in. Creep is also a little weirded out, as is TD, by PPJ’s whole deal and backstory, especially given the revelation of there having been another PPJ in Black Lodge custody. At their insistence, though TD is much gentler about it, PPJ cuts himself and to his great relief, bleeds red.

Inside the safe are a number of Tarot cards and a sheaf of papers. The Tarot cards included 2 that the team hasn’t seen before related to the Seelie Court, one that was stolen from Smoach and Myrryr’s office, and one that was a component of the Crystal Bloodblade, which the BL has some historic interest in. There is also a mysterious 5th card, which seems to be from an entirely different Tarot. Creep stashes them for now, and finds that the mystery 5th card has some kind of repellent function with the standard 6th World Tarot cards, but manages to jam them all in his leg.

Looking at the sheaf of papers, they find it encoded using a language none of them are familiar with, though CG recognizes the use of ideograms, and PPJ spots some linguistic similarities to Sperethiel. TD is able to recognize some cryptographic qualities, and thinks it likely is using an ancient/obscure language as a cipher, rather than fully being written in alternate syntax etc.

PPJ checks the journal that he grabbed off Freddy Bales’ dad, who seems to have used the nom de guerre “Karyos”. The journal is also encoded, but has two other interesting features. One, there is one half of a key to the cipher in it. 2, it seems to have been magically linked to one or more other books, like a written version of Mindlink, but the spell seems to have recently collapsed.

Creep remembers that Penelope Beans was also in the BL sanctum basement, and suggests they check on her shop in Hamtramck after checking out Belle Isle. They arrive at the Isle to find it truly devastated. It seems the BL attackers were eventually fought off (likely unable to summon reinforcements given the team’s assault on Casa Aurelius), but at great cost. Most of the buildings are damaged or levelled, the Cleansing ritual has stopped, and a major portion of the populace has been killed or injured.

After using magic, drones, leadership, flexibility and strength to dig through the rubble, they manage to help pull out Rose and D2 (aka Daiyana Dimeeko) the sole survivors of the Belle Isle/Windsor crew. Rose seems embittered by her continual losses and a bit in shock. D2 is more pragmatic and explains that the BL was close to overrunning them so she was forced to set off some defensive demo charges she had placed around to protect the ritualists as long as she could.

She tells the team that the BL used some kind of horrifying new weapon that the survivors here are referring to as “ghost bombs”- some kind of alchemical container in which they had trapped dark spirits, including some of the ones that came through the rifts, during their various rituals and experiments. When opened or broken, the spirits madly attack anyone in their vicinity, which caused mass casualties and distress. The ritualists were also attacked in astral space by some massive conjured spirits, who luckily vanished right around the time the BL ritual went sideways in Casa Aurelius, so the team did still manage to help here, indirectly.

They eventually find a badly wounded Jaga recuperating inside a large congregation of plant life, and leave her to heal (with some guards), but Walker in Ways and most of the other ritualists have been slain. Dig offers to return to help more soon. Otters finds Howell killed, alongside his 2 cyber-tigers, and while talking to survivors TD and CG hear of a Vatican Sacred Detective who came to their aid, as well as one of the 36 Hidden Righteous Ones who awakened during the fight and managed to keep many civilians safe from the dark spirits, but unfortunately both of them were slain as well.

CG coordinates with The People of the Book to get their mobile crematorium and burial preparation team down here to help out, and Creep and Dig manage to make everyone uncomfortable by suggesting they call the ghouls to eat other remains, before TD smooths things over by clarifying that the ghouls will of course only eat BL remains, which everyone seems ok with. The team hauls the BL bodies off to one side and calls the ghouls. Then they head to Hamtramck.

Good thing they invested so heavily in the district! Local volunteer firefighters managed to quickly extinguish the massive blaze that broke in Penelope Beans’ shop and keep it from spreading. Investigating the burnt remains, they find evidence of alchemical arson, seemingly the same powerful fire magic that destroyed Smoach and Myrryr’s office. They find burnt reagents, tools, books and supplies, and a slagged anthrodrone covered in the melted remains of it’s realistic features “skin”.

Dig uses the catalog spell to search for anything else unusual, and finds a shovel head (the handle burnt) away from the other tools, as well as one loose floor tile. PPJ pries it up and digs a bit til he finds a book- it’s still warm from the extreme heat of the fire but this looks promising. TD goes to open it, carefully not exposing their skin, and barely avoids getting jabbed with a spring-loaded neuro-toxin needle. Looking carefully inside their seem to be no further traps, and this looks to be the other half of the cipher.

A number of pages were torn out and are missing, so there’s no further info than that, but the team can tell this was also part of the linked books spell that Karyos’ was also bound to. This one is also inert. TD hauls their open air bathtub up to the roof of the Tin Can since the team abandoned their safehouse out back, and they all head back to the Plat Zone to rest and work on cracking the code.

With TD and Creep’s skills and focus, and both halves of the key, they manage to make sense of the documents. It seems that the BL had initially conceptualized their Horror-summoning and binding plan based on some research done by something called “Project PILLAR”, run by the Ordo Maximus. The BL has apparently heavily infiltrated the OM and has good sources there, but seems concerned that the legendary vampire hunter Martin deVries may be onto Project PILLAR, so the OM set a trap for him, after being tipped off by the BL.

The BL doesn’t know how this went, as they heard no more from their spy in the OM, and then have lost comms due to the Blackout. The sheaf of papers also includes a lot of technical info about their rituals and plans, the ghost bombs, etc. The journal also proves interesting- it seems that everyone in the BL is constantly scheming. Karyos was worried that a subordinate wad trying to supplant him (the woman who lead the ritual where CG almost got sacrificed and Dog got split up), while also trying to supplant his own superior (Penelope Beans).

He complains that Beans has such a strong position due to her successful longterm infiltration of the IOND, which greatly upsets PPJ. He knew the Boston chapter of the IOND was compromised, but this implies a much larger corruption in his organization. Karyos knows that he needs to pull off something big to compete with Beans, so he made a deal with the Null Sect, through the rogue Brackhaus that the team recently exposed, to assist them with something called “Project IXION”. He apparently knew the Blackouts were coming, to some extent, and was able to prep for them.

He had already spent years building up the local BL presence, recruiting many to move to Detroit from DeeCee when the BL lost their power base there, feeling that ARES would be good protection against UCAS Shedim counterstrikes. He ramped this up even further in prep for the Blackouts, and then triggered his plan in the background while everyone else was distracted by bugs and no power. He also hints at a larger goal beyond his own/the BL’s power- humans need to be able to protect themselves properly against “deep/distant metaplanar threats” and this is how he sees to do that.

With all this disturbing paydata to mull over (and decide who to sell to), the team finally rests. The next day, they get a call from Ringmaster to come meet him and some other Plat Zone Irregulars in a large open lot not too far away. He warns them not to freak out as a portal opens and they hear a distant screaming. As a massive flaming buffalo head at the front of a biomechanical train emerges, they see another rift tear open and the train start entering that as it exits the other. It slows a bit as it moves until once “car” segment irises open and two figures inside frantically toss out a bunch of hardcases before leaping free themselves.

One of them semi-frantically asks if anyone has anything they can pay the train with to make sure it departs peacefully, and Creep offers up the Coin of Woe from his leg, since Cholula is no longer there to protest. The woman accepts it, and tosses it to another flaming buffalo head at the rear of the train as it prepares to scream- it instead chomps down on the Coin, and leaves peacefully, the rifts closing behind it one after the other. And thus also departs whatever remains of Iva Linus Hathaway.

The women uncloaks herself and reveals that she is Dr. Dyna Mite, the metaplanar travel researcher, who recognizes Creep, Dig, and CG. She seems a little horrified that they had a Coin of Woe, but explains it was actually perfect currency, as those trains consume souls to run- efficient travel, but costly and dangerous. She tells them a little more about other “ghost trains” which tend to run more regionally or along their old tracks, rather than free-roaming “Iron Buffalo”.

They chat a bit and catch up, and she explains that she had to leave Seattle, where they last saw her, saying that the Ordo Maximus was after her- she doesn’t know why exactly, all she was able to determine was that it had to do with something called “Project AVERNUS”. The team makes note. She also gives them the brief news update from outside- Free St Louis is official to go along with Seattle, the Sioux Nation has renamed themselves Oceti Sakowin after retaking a bunch of their ancestral lands, and they seems to be doing well in their new turf so far as they go the power back on quickly. Blackouts continue throughout the UCAS, with varying degrees of severity, but it seems like the Grid Pirates/Blackout Boyz haven’t been nearly as active anywhere outside of Detroit, though present in a number of cities.

As the other figure from the train uncloaks herself, she and Ringmaster engage in a handshake-to-hug, and the team recognizes Arleesh’s voice, Kendra de Santos. They all head back to the SCIF at the Plat Zone, and get into it. De Santos provides them with a bit more news from outside, and suggests that the BL ritual implosion that killed thousands of civilians in Casa Aurelius will be excellent PR to recruit for the Rogue Lodge, and then briefs the team on that a bit as well.

Ringmaster provides PPJ with some messages- Darien Black summons him to Denver, promising some information about his disappearance but not acting nearly as fatherly as PPJ always hopes, Jonny Silver survived the Wild Hunt and celebrated with a 100 hour set on a riverboat down to Free STL, and is now back in Denver running Perinawyr’s label and club, since P has been banned from Denver by Ghostwalker, and Prot0 is also apparently back in Denver, but in a secretive “international terrorist on the run” way. Guy is in the wind, presumably with Berto, and de Santos explains that Aylin now works, with her mother, for Grey Cell, and has been especially useful on anti-Fear the Dark and Ordo Maximus ops, being infected herself.

With this news confirming that PPJ will be headed to Denver alongside most of the team, de Santos suggests that it would also be a great town to recruit for the Rogue Lodge in, since they can’t operate as “openly” as usual given GW’s autocratic control. de Santos and Ringmaster next explains that as well as valuable medicines, reagents and the like that they brought on the train, they brought some more of the artifacts that the ASPS made in Chicago to establish a Spirit of the City there, and plan to do the same process here.

They hint that they aim to establish Detroit as a longterm R&D and training base for Grey Cell, as well as wanting it to stay free in general, which the team gets on board with. They say they will also need ritualists to stabilize and sustain the SOTC, esp as it first gets going, and Dig immediately volunteers to remain, distressing Creep, who is still reeling from Cholula’s loss, while also becoming closer and closer to cyberpsychosis himself. They decide to table it for now and talk about the job at hand.

Ringmaster provides them with a list of 7 likely candidates, though he says they are free to seek out more, and suggests they check them all out, and use their influence around town to bring different factions on board to help establish one as the new SOTC. With the Belle Isle cleansing ritual down, and the BL having fucked up local mana space significantly, this project should take some priority.

The team heads out to start their investigation, starting up near Hamtrack along 8 Mile at the Magic Bag theater. There, they interact with some Juggalos, who seem appreciative of the team’s efforts to get food and other supplies to town and distro’ed around, and introduce them to their spirit leader, Hatchetman. Dig stays in the van, refusing to say a single “woop woop”, even though Dog has some affinity for the callouts to “family”. The rest of the team spends a few hours there, and feels a beneficial sense of chaos, at least for the in group. The spirit seems to be engaged in voluntary karmic pacts with it’s followers, and seems focused on keeping them safe and well but also very willing to turn on outsiders.

They aren’t totally sold but other than Dig are not inherently opposed. Next they head to the Motown Museum in Downtown, and party with a mix of spirits and metahumans, who are rotating through various instruments, keeping a dance party going. The Museum seems impressively intact, and TD sees that some of The Keepers seem to use this as a safe downtown spot to sleep. They chat with Smokey, who seems to be “in charge”, and who explains that music is necessary for rebuilding, and people need to cut loose after all the trauma. They dance a bit, and Smokey even gets an earworm stuck in Dig’s mind, after he claims to never have cared about music.

Smokey seems to recognize the balance of business and art needed to make it work, so a strong contender currently. They head for the next one, at an old Ford plant turned museum in Dearborn. They find a bunch of gaunt but muscular workers laboring away to repair the surrounding area, under the guidance of an imperious spirit named “Henry”. They question him a bit, and he seems to have strong feeling about his paternalistic role towards his workers, and his vision for a city rebuilt for the “right” kind of people. Dig is totally onboard but most of the rest of the team is suspicious, especially given Ford’s political history.

They next head up to the Blight, to track down a spirit called simply “Blight”. They find some toxie cultists who call themselves the Scions of the Blight, hanging around the area known as the Rusted Heart. They take the team to a toxic pool, which bubbles and spews forth strange, rapidly growing and decaying vines and plant life, rapidly disassembling nearby structures. The spirit talks through it’s acolytes and calls for an end to Anthropocene- metahuman supremacy must be abolished, cities destroyed, and the world rewilded, through mutation, just another word for rapid change.

CG and Dig are entranced and want to sign on. They spend some team helping tear down some nearby infrastructure, while Dog feels a bit ambivalent and many of the others more so, though also participating for now. They head out but Dig is really onboard. They rest up after a long day before hitting up the remaining 3. The next day they start off with “Hatcher”, at the old Solidarity House in the Docklands. They find a mixed group of dock workers, downtown working class survivors, and Betas/Deso Angels hanging out, shooting the shit, drinking and organizing.

Behind the bar, Hatcher pours the team some drinks. Dig drinks a bunch extra when PPJ, Creep and Otters all refuse (2 for sobriety, 1 for no mouth). Hatcher seems pleased at Dig’s ability to toss them back but less impressed by his admitted lack of physical prowess. They chat for a while, and Hatcher comes across well- recognizing the need for employment and the ability to survive/make a living for the people of Detroit, but wanting to protect all the little people from corpo degradation. PPJ also picks up a buggy vibe in general, and realizes Hatcher may have multiple meanings.

Inquiring about bugs, Hatcher explains she’s against queens the same way she’s against bosses- she’s for collective organizing and power. They hang for a while and have a good time, before heading for the shores of Lake St. Claire, where they encounter Three Fires- 3 spirits who have sat themselves around a campfire, exchanging stories and gossip as a means of doing business, all seemingly having arrived via spectral canoes. These seem to represent the Council of 3 Fires, the Ojibwe, Ottawa and Potawatomi people whose ancestral homelands encompass the whole metro area.

They have a long and fruitful conversation, in which the spirits tell the team that especially with the news from out West, it is only a matter of time until all their lands are returned to them, but that the days of mass expulsions are over- assuming the UCAS doesn’t force their hands again. This seems to be more the long game vision though, and a Free Detroit seems reasonable in the meantime- always fun to stick it to DeeCee, plus the people here deserve better than either the Feds or ARES. The team chats and hangs for a while before leaving, also feeling these spirits are strong contenders.

Lastly, they track down Singing Sam, who seems to be glitching between classic Mafia attire and a more modern Triad look. They chat with him for a while and Dig manages to magically chill him out enough that he accepts the shift in local organized crime, taking on a Triad look fulltime. Dig also gets Smokey’s song stuck in Singing Sam’s head, who walks off whistling it with a purpose, seemingly reinvigorated. With all the info in, the team puts together a ranked choice ballot and votes. Hatcher wins out eventually, though the range of opinions was quite wide.

With this decided, they call on all the factional rep and contacts around town, distributing the ASPS artifacts around to everyone they can get onboard, and de Santos leads a ritual at the Plat Zone, setting up Hatcher as the SOTC. Hatcher’s first order of business is setting up a spirit council with the other contenders, all of whom accept except Henry, who prefers to go it along on executing his vision. The team hopes by not giving him more power, they staved off a “paper clip problem” situation, and are encouraged by Hatcher’s action, though Creep is disappointed not to have returned the control of the city directly to it’s Native people.

With that done, Brunwyn gets in touch and tells them that with Otters’ mapping data and the intel they managed to salvage from the rogue Brackhaus that the team revealed, she has managed to track down the “center” of the zap zone and presumably the source of the Blackouts- the old main power station from the wired grid on Zug Island, in the Detroit river. She tells the team it’s time to do some recon and plan their assault- they need to get the power back on.

The other big news is that with the SOTC chosen and initially established, the sky finally returns to Earth normal and the leylines around town start to normalize. Shortly after this occurs, SK troops who had held off a nearby Quebecois invasion attempt, enter Windsor in force and make short work of the “True Canadian” separatists there, focusing on lightning strikes and quick surrender once SK gains control of the airport. This puts them on a more even footing with Wuxing locally, given the heavy Triad influx, leaving AZT in the weak position of the corporate triad in town at the moment.

Turning the Tide
11/20/2023, 1:11:40 PM
Runners
Chew Gum
Dig
Otters aka Roadkill
and the mysterious return of: Pepper Jack

The team spends a few days healing, repairing armor, gear and drones, and resting. ChewGum composes another memorial poem for Cholula, which is quickly shared around the memorial boards around town, and posted at the Plat Zone alongside CG’s memorial to Locke. Condolences for Cholula’s death come in from various different avenues, though there is also some relief from those who are still concerned about Betas as a phenomenon. CG also spends some time in his ritual space and summons a detritus spirit, a new entity he has learned to engage with, which will hopefully disturb others less than the corpses he usually summons.

Ringmaster calls them over to the Plat Zone for a meeting, and explains a strange situation to them. He had teams out fighting leftover spirits and closing rifts all over Downtown, cleaning up after the team shut down the big BL ritual, and one of them encountered someone. He helped them fight off some spirits and close a rift, and said some stuff about Denver and some other things, while seeming very confused. Ringmaster brought him here and got him fed, but wants the team to do a debrief on him.

He brings them back into the SCIF room at the back of the Brickhouse, and they are surprised to see that the man sitting there looks to be none other than former team member Pepperjack, who they are all very familiar with from the team file, especially having recently reviewed some of PPJ’s notes on the Denver “reality rips” while fighting rifts here in Detroit. He does indeed seem quite confused, and Otters does careful etiquette work to try to bring him up to speed while introducing the team.

PPJ seems to really hate blood mages and initially has some trouble with Dig who explains Red magic somewhat poorly, insisting it is based on the power of blood. Otters explains that it’s not quite like that, and tries to explain the Tzuri group, which then leads into CG, who they have to convince PPJ is not a shedim. Luckily, once they explain that they are fighting the Black Lodge, PPJ agrees to assist. His memory has some major gaps, but he slowly recalls stuff from before his disappearance in Temple of Terror IV that checks out with the team file, so they believe it to truly be him.

PPJ refuses Dig’s offer to read his mind to try to restore missing memories, still not quite trusting him. They check in with Ringmaster and tell him that PPJ’s story checks out, and that he will be working with them for now. Ringmaster thanks him, and in payment for his assistance agrees to attempt to contact some of his former team members (Jonny Silver, Guy, Prot0, Aylin etc) when able, as well as get a message out immediately to Darien Black via TM comms.

Ringmaster explains that they need to round up every ally they can to hit the Black Lodge in their fortified wall neighborhood, before they can complete whatever it is that they’re attempting now. The team decides to host another shadow meeting at the Plat Zone, and splits up to contact everyone they think can help. PPJ is delighted to hear that one of his contacts, Erika Knowles, is in town, so he agrees to tag along to that meeting as well as a bunch of the other ones since he actually seems the closest to a “face” on the team at the moment, with The Detective still occupied in rebuilding Hamtramck.

Creep has also been off comms for a while, scouting out the BL defenses, but they leave him a message and hope he checks it. CG and PPJ head up to Hamtramck and give TD a brief on the plan, as well as Sikh Burn and their other allies. They agree to send what help they can, with Sikh Burn planning to attend the meeting to represent their area. They stop in at Penelope Beans’ shop to get PPJ stocked up on reagents, as he reappeared with very little equipment and no money.

PPJ is instantly weirded out by Beans, who he has actually heard of before- she was listed as the info broker/supply point of contact for IOND shadow ops in Detroit when PPJ was doing that work for Darien Black back in Denver. She asks him about his affinity for crystals suggestively and he deflects, which also weirds CG out a bit. CG starts to notice that there seems to be a tiny lag in Beans’ responses, and they quickly assense her, finding no aura at all. Not having time to investigate further, they tag this to look into, buy their reagents, and head out.

Back at the Plat Zone, the team starts questioning PPJ about some of the things that Beans said about him, and he reveals that he has a blood Crystal spine, but refuses to acknowledge that it is blood magic at Dig’s consternation. When Otters scans him more thoroughly, she finds another small implanted crystal alongside the spine, which PPJ has no memory or knowledge of. He now agrees to let Dig read his mind, and Dig goes all out, finding that there is a large blank period between his disappearance in Boston and reappearance here, though it is only about 1/10th the amount of time that passed on Earth, implying some metaplanar travel and time distortion.

PPJ has only faint memories of a mazelike city, and being kept there against his will and forced to do things, and Dig is able to get a little more info there, and recognizes the memories of the city as “Dis”, that chaotic city that the team had caught a brief glimpse of, and managed to get a Quicksilver plate of, on the moon, through an anomalous portal there. But what does it mean? Dig analyzes the mystery crystal further, as it seems connected to PPJ’s brainstem, and tries to detect thoughts on it. It seems alien in nature- he’s unfamiliar with it as either a tech device or a magical spell/construct and can’t fully make heads or tails of it, but can tell it is storing something.

Also it seems to be made of the same material as the manatech weapon chips that TM’s have been digging for around the Scar blast zone. Dig decides to Mind Probe the crystal as well, and finds that it is storing some of PPJ’s missing memories, somehow, as well as working similarly to a Blood Crystal, in terms of providing an implant-like function in exchange for essence that would be lost if it were removed. He sees PPJ fighting and performing surgeries (making Chimeras, similar to the ones encountered at Site 000), all seemingly not under his own control, or in a kind of daze.

A cloaked figure eventually takes PPJ away after quickly implanting this crystal, and leads him on a mad flight through the chaotic streets of Dis, before shoving him through a portal, leading him into what looks like Kadath. PPJ stumbles through Kadath for a while before tumbling out into Detroit, and being found by Ringmaster’s crew. PPJ, with some memories restored, compares notes with the team on how terrifying Kadath and the Bone Bridges beyond are, and is disturbed when Otters seems to be a little too interested in Bridge building.

Otters also insists on deeper scans, and runs a comparison with Chimera samples they got for Knowles in Site 000, and finds that PPJ has been altered. She then does a thorough radar scan, and finds the alteration- an extremely long tongue that wraps around the interior of PPJ’s skull, like a woodpecker. However, it seems more lizard-like when Otters yanks it out to full extension and runs a series of experiments. It seems to extend very rapidly to a 3-4 meter range, and be both prehensile and very sticky.

PPJ goes along with this, but then, disturbed, leans on a wall, and is horrified when his hand phases through. He tells the team he can feel inside the wall and seems upset so they yank him out, pulling some drywall with. After some experimentation, he finds he can make his hands spectral, and slide them through solid surfaces, though it doesn’t work on objects and he can’t bring stuff back through. The team, thoroughly creeped out, takes notes, but it seems like since PPJ is as surprised as them, they stick with him for now.

They round up a number more allies from all over town, and get ready for the big meeting. Everyone shows, with the exception of Creep and Jaga/Walker in Ways. After some deal-making, overseen by Ringmaster, it shakes out as follows: The Betas will get to keep former ARES HQ tower, now renamed Freehive, as a base for their new style of merge, the University will remain a free enclave, Hamtramck assures it’s ongoing semi-independence, the gang coop assures it’s dominance of local street level crime (with a pro-social aspect), Biyu lays claim to syndicate control of Detroit via the Triad, with the ports under Wuxing’s aegis, and SK and AZT makes plans to split up the rest of the town, seeming to recognize that a somewhat freeform area can be useful to both their corps, with appropriate controls in place.

Otters makes the case for the streets as best she can after Ringmaster pushes a bit, and the corporate triad agrees- Brunwyn makes comparisons to Berlin having it’s uses, Cehualli seems happy to have space for some black labs and also an opportunity to make ARES look bad on a massive PR scale, and Biyu seems quite thrilled with holding onto everything she managed to grab during the crises here. Ringmaster side channels the team to tell them that he has some plans in the works he will bring them further into later also, to help ensure the city stays free.

With the meeting concluded and everyone onboard, Brunwyn privately insists on 2 more personal conditions for her assistance- PPJ will be interviewed by an SK doctor once Detroit reopens, and the team will assist her with getting the matrix issues resolved. She compares notes quickly with Otters and thinks that together they should be able to finally determine the origin of the Zap Zone. She explains that the rogue Brackhaus the team helped take out a few days back had apparently been working for the Null Sect inside the corp, having been lured into their employ with promises of treatment for his CFD infection, which he kept secret from the corp for fear of the obvious repercussions.

The team agrees, and Brunwyn signs on fully as well. The team gets a panicked message from Creep, saying he couldn’t make the meeting as he got ambushed by some people who tried to steal his leg. He got away for now but needs to keep running/hiding, and go dark while he does. They also haven’t heard from Jaga and Walker in Ways still, so bird Dig and Otters in a VTOL zip over to Belle Isle, and find it under attack both physically, from a few dozen well-armed and armored BL soldiers, as well as on the astral, where some powerful spirits are assaulting the cleansing ritual.

Both Dig and Otters are quickly spotted, though it seems the battle is pitched enough that they make their escape without coming under attack. Returning to the Plat Zone and reporting in, they all decide that they need to launch the attack on Casa Aurelius immediately, with at least some BL forces elsewhere engaged, and hope that splitting the BL’s attention can help their allies on Belle Isle. Wood Raven comes through with a stealthed rocket speedboat for the team to use to insert via Lake St. Clair, and Patricia Loveland (finally meeting in person now that Cholula is dead, though she still distrusts the Betas), Erika Knowles, and Ellis manage to make some quick and dirty mini-portal closers for the team to distribute around the area once they sneak in.

Everyone else will assault Casa Aurelius’ defenses from the land side, hopefully distracting the defenders and allowing the team to pull off their risky alpha strike. They get a number of side messages offering big paydays in exchange for paydata and items recovered from the BL stronghold. The team drives to the waterfront east of the Bligh, and loads up into the boat. Otters steers it down, remaining out of sight of guards on the shore. PPJ spots some patrolling spirits, and they make a plan. Otters, with her new sniper drone, and CG with his rifle, both take down one of the two guards on the beach they choose for their landing.

PPJ hits one of them again with a spell to keep him down, while Dig uses magic hands to pull them both into the water until they drown, while also hopefully concealing any TacNet signals. They approach, with Otters accidentally beaching the boat on some tank traps, but not catastrophically. Dig uses magic hands again to lift up the concertina wire strung along the shore, careful not the break the circuit flowing through it, and the team sneaks up to the mana barrier in between spirit patrols.

Dig reshapes his aura to look like Freddy Bales, and easily slips through. He then assists the others as they power down their various magics and enter, and has en easy time bringing all the drones through as he has “legitimate access”. The team sneaks through town, seeing the battle kicking off on the land side, as well as hearing distant muffled sounds of fighting ongoing from Belle Isle. Otters begins planting their mini-portal closer bombs via stealth drone at magical junction points spotted by the mages, as they all conceal themselves from foot patrols. One of which comes by seeking Freddy Bales- apparently someone detected “his” entrance through the barrier.

Dig does some quick bird recon, and finds Bales’ manor, figuring it’s a good target for looting. CG finds a sniper perch to keep a lookout and cause a distraction if needed, and Otters keep planting charges. Dig and PPJ head to the manor, and PPJ pulses the front to shut down electronic defenses, using his spectral hand to unlock the deadbolt from inside the door. They enter, and poke around, finding a study, where Dig uncovers a safe set in the floor, which he magically shapes concrete to free and then lifts out with his magic hands. PPJ reaches around inside but can’t open it, so they bring it with for now.

Otters has most of the charges planted when CG spots some other BL snipers taking high vantage points in preparation for the area’s defense. He takes them out with his rifle, but then has to flee, getting tagged a couple times by guards as he runs away. He leads them on a chase for a bit, allowing Otters time to plant the last few charges, before CG runs out of the barrier towards town, fleeing to the safety of his allies’ assault lines. He gets hit a few more times but luckily is defended by his spirit and mostly takes them on the armor.

Meanwhile, PPJ and Dig have found a secret door down to a sound-proofed and well-appointed basement. Sneaking forward, they find Bales’ dad in conversation with none other than Penelope Beans herself! Both appear to be BL leaders, and strangest of all, they have another PPJ tied to a chair in a vault room in the basement. They get in a magical fight, managing to take out Bales’ dad as Beans tries to seal the vault door. Dig prevents it with magic hands as PPJ quickly grabs a journal that slid out of Bales’ dad’s robe when he collapsed to the floor and died.

They get in a brutal magical slugfest with Beans, who deals them both a lot of damage before Dig finally manages to smack her with his magic hand, distracting her. Otters, searching for them now that the charges are planted, finally locates the basement, and rushes to their aid, blasting Beans with a Mule drone, killing her. Otters says they need to get out of there, and heads back upstairs, hearing some guards approaching, reporting 2 “high value assets’” biomonitors just triggered.

Otters waits for an opportune moment, and then detonates the charges outside to distract the response team, before fleeing out the back, telling the others to follow. In the basement, PPJ is befuddled by his seeming exact double, and the double (drugged and slurring) keeps insisting that he is the real one, and that the false one will bleed purple. Dig gives in and cuts the double, who seems completely horrified to see purple blood pour from the wound.

As PPJ tries to get them to leave and figure it out later, Dig fires the double with a lightning bolt, and then flees. The team races away from the back of the mansion as pressure builds in the air, heading towards the boat. Dig manages to hoist it off the tank traps partway with magic hands and Otters rocket boosts the craft free, though it is holed and taking on water. CG keeps shooting on the town side as the mana barrier starts to crackle and destabilize. Vihn Trong and other mages race forward to contain the expected blowback as best they can, as Otters races the boat straight away out into the lake.

As the district implodes inside the barrier and then explodes out from it in a massive pressure wave, the mages are able to deflect it out into the lake. The boat is flipped, but Otters in the VTOL and bird Dig manage to fly through it, and then are able to make enough of a drone raft to hoist PPJ up and keep him from drowning. They are eventually rescued by some allies after a while floating, during which they watch the astral sky stabilize to a more normal appearance. Not quite regular night stars yet but getting closer!

Rifts vs Riffs
11/13/2023, 10:06:38 AM
Runners
Creep
Chew Gum
Dig
Otters aka Roadkill
Tabasco aka Cholula

Dig starts off the day by heading up to his magical order meeting at the zoo. Everyone trickles in, with Freddy Bales there before even Dig, and his usual preppy self, and then the other 2 showing up, concealed (Norman Burger) or wrapped up in defensive magic (Marjo-Lin). Dig gives an inspiring introduction to the day’s lesson plan, and Bales gives him a subtle thumbs up, casually undermining his authority as per usual. The initiation goes well however, and everyone succeeds under Dig’s guidance, gaining access to new powers and abilities.

Dig heads back, and the team briefs with Ringmaster- the rifts are still popping up, and still need to get looked into- he’s trying to keep anyone he can off the Downtown streets, whether that’s getting them out of the district or underground (where there don’t seem to have been any rifts yet). They head out and Creep and Otters work up a rift map of the known occurrences thus far, and start trying to guess where others might be based in their estimation of the cause/origin in the portal weapon that Vogel detonated to end the bug threat.

Dig casts a massive catalog spell to seek the strange reflective black metal, and they quickly find a rift. Two large horned apes in heavy smoking armor wielding greataxes have cornered a group of civilians and already taken some heads. The team decides they have to get involved, and CG debuts his new astral combat spell which he just learned from Dig earlier in preparation. They manage to send the two spirits back through the rift and get a drone in just in time to get some sensor data before it snaps shut. Dig also gets some magical analysis done. Unfortunately, the van takes some heavy damage from one of the axes.

The drone through the rift saw that the spirits, after being disrupted in our plane, seem to have reformed in Kadath, not healed but healing, so probably for the best that the team didn’t follow them in. Otters once again sees “through” Kadath to a Bone Bridge, but perceiving it through drone sensors seems to blunt the impact to some degree. Dig manages to determine that the rifts seems to be temporarily reaspecting their immediate area into effectively being a part of Kadath, which is probably why most of the spirits stick pretty close to them.

He also sees some magical tendrils drifting away from the rift towards the area of Downtown under the Scar, which looks unusually turbulent today. Otters and Creep have also compared some notes while updating their rifts map, and determined that they have a centerpoint- the former plaza/park that was right out front of ARES HQ downtown, next to the site of the detonation that caused the Scar. They head that way, stealthily, to see what’s up.

They manage some good recon without getting spotted, but what they see is pretty awful- a circle of 12 Black Lodge mages have a massive magical dome up around their ritual circle, and seem to be pulling some kind of cyclonic astral tunnel down from the Scar, though it seems to travel through and beyond Kadath now, as if they have redirected that astral effect. It hasn’t touched down yet, and seems to progress in jerks and starts, likely as more rifts open, from what they can tell.

They also have 4 heavy gunners set up in well defended positions with good views watching for any mundane threats approaching, and 2 adept guards with mage blades fighting off any spirits. Interestingly, the strange spirits that have emerged from the rifts seem drawn to this place, so they have their hands busy, acting as a quick response force to keep them from reaching the ritual dome.

The team tries to call it in to Ringmaster, and finds that either the magic or a jamming field is blocking comms, so they retreat a bit to call it in. Feeling that the threat level warrants it, they also decide to try to use their last two major arcana. Dig easily activates The Eclipse card, and sees a horrifying vision of the future if the ritual succeeds, which seems hyperreal to him, but is undetectable to the others. It shows the cyclone touching down, and the BL using this ritual plus others around town to fragment and capture a Horror from beyond the Chasm, across the Bone Bridge, chaining it with incantations and bindings as they slice it apart to make it manageable.

As this occurs, Dig sees in the vision, the local astral plane is immediately reshaped and made terrible, almost like an inverse of the establishment of a Spirit of the City, and much faster. Dig gets the feeling that even though they seem barely able to hold the containment, this will grant the BL an almost unimagineable amount of power, at least locally. He emerges from the vision trance to find the card gone, with no time having passed for the others. He describes what he saw, and they make the call as Creep tries to puzzle out the Discipline card.

Ringmaster instructs them to attack as they likely can’t afford to wait, and says he will call for aid but needs the team to slow or stop the ritualists in the mean time as it will take some time to muster assistance. Creep finally chills out enough, with CG’s assistance, to center himself, and lay out and clean all his gear in prep for this upcoming monumental task, and succeeds in activating Discipline. It manifests as a powerful Task spirit, in the guise of Rosanne era John Goodman, who says he will assist Creep and protect him during his upcoming ordeal. A drone zips in close to the van and a prerecorded message from Wood Raven wishes them luck, dropping off two missiles to get revenge for all the Swarm members lost to spirits and rifts lately.

Feeling as prepped as they can and with no time to waste, they make a quick plan of attack and head back to the ritual area. Creep and Cholula approach through the DDB tunnels, planning to attack from the East, where the final big bug breakout left a large opening, while the rest of the team hits from the SW. They set their mission timers, and wait to hit “go” until they see some strange spirits on the approach to distract the mageblade guards.

As some horrifying birdmen (who seem to perhaps have been lured here by small figures who slip away) attack, the team makes their move. Otters hits the spirits and mageblades with simultaneous missile and overlapping fields of fire from the two Mules, which takes out the mageblades and damages the spirits. The team finds the other 4 guards quite a bit harder, and gets into a brutal shootout with them, with Dig launching magical attacks from the cover of the van, CG sniping from extreme range at height, Otters firing from the van and two drones, and Creep and Cholula making their approach and hitting the opposite corner guard with flaming arrows, elephant guns and spirit powers.

The guards, heavily armed and armored, make fairly short work of both Mules and the van, spinning up their miniguns with devastating effects. Creep almost takes a couple bad hits that John Goodman saves him from, and Cholula gets tagged a couple times. Luckily, between Cholula’s flaming arrows and the spirit’s accident power, they manage to detonate their guards gun, and are able to chip away at his armor, even while coming under fire from one of the remaining guards.

CG has range on the guards, whose high rate of fire miniguns can’t reach his sniper perch, so he contents himself to just pick away at their armor when he can get a shot in, and also provide counterspelling support in case the ritualists get involved, which half of them quickly do. They turn to face outwards, and somehow channel some of the ritual energy into the 3 attacking birdman spirits, seemingly sucking their essence into the ritual and increasing it’s power and stability via their sacrifice.

Otters sneaks out of the van, staying in cover, and starts piloting the snake drones into the combat area to attempt some sneak attacks. Dig slips out in animal form and keeps launching spells. They gradually whittle away the guards, eventually finishing them off, but unfortunately have come to the attention of the ritualists, who have begun to target them with that same energy draining effect that destroyed the spirits. Luckily, with the guards gone, they are relatively free to maneuver so Creep gets John Goodman to massively increase his speed and plants all the team’s explosives around the magical barrier, detonating them and cracking it.

As the mages flip between targets, Cholula is badly injured and forced to retreat into the tunnel, while Creep is nearly killed, though John Goodman saves him, pushing him out of sight and getting destroyed in his place. Dig and CG are both targeted and injured, though they manage to stay in the fight with their counter-spelling. They all pour fire onto the damaged magical dome, including Cholula arcing explosive arrows out of cover, as Otters, badly injured herself from dumpshock, crawls forward to grab one of the Mule’s guns, as a distraction, before going prone and hot into the snakes.

They manage to crack the dome, destroying the mage’s magical protection, and begin attacking directly. CG starts blasting them with the sniper rifle, while also telling Cholula to reemerge from his hiding place to attack as well, he quickly lights some on fire. With all this distraction, Otters manages to successfully KO a couple mages with the snake drones’ darts- when they lose focus, they themselves are sucked into the ritual and destroyed. It seems to become more chaotic and less stable with each mage lost, but the team doesn’t have a better plan and only intermittent comms so they continue.

Dig is forced to hide himself behind a summoned concrete shield to break line of site as he is almost killed, and then turns to a bug and sneaks into the ritual circle while maintaining his concrete manipulation spell. CG covers him with sniping and counterspelling as best he can. Cholula is badly injured and nearly killed by the mages, who also finally manage to destroy the snake drones with lightning bolts, also nearly killing Otters from the dumpshock. As CG watches his team fall in horror through his scope from far away, Dig makes a last desperate move, pulling on his reserves of good fortune to shape concrete in such a way as to disrupt the ritual circle and it’s runes and markings.

With all the mages still alive and focused, they might have stood a chance, but as is they lose control. As they start getting hit with the massive drain of the failed ritual, and Dig flees the side effects, the BL mages begin bursting and being sucked into the ritual. The final mage throws back his hood, and shouts a horrified “teach! no!” revealing himself to be Freddy Bales, before slapping his hands together and himself exploding. He seems to have been the ritual leader, and the team sees that although the astral cyclone withdraws without ever having made touchdown, he was able in his final moment to redirect much of the energy of the ritual and it’s many sacrifices somewhere to the East.

Unfortunately, they also see that being the last one the ritual was tied to, Cholula has also been destroyed and sucked in, his limited essence and force providing some further power to some dark purpose as he is annihilated. Having nothing left of him to even try to heal, Dig and CG hustle to stabilize and heal Creep and Otters, and begin collecting drone and van parts they can salvage, as the reinforcements finally arrive. Brunwyn sent along her personal guards, who tell the team they are sorry they missed the fight (sincerely) but suggest a meeting with their master soon. A variety of other runners and Plat Zone regulars also show up, and secure the scene and provide support and transport to the team.

Dig invents a new drink called “The Cholula” and everyone takes shots of it back at the Plat Zone. Creep gets a new cyberarm to try to buff up his failing body a bit- it’s barely even surgery since he has the quick release ports. Dig is in a weird mental state, seeing as he lost a friend and also a student betrayed him, so he sentimentally holds onto Creep’s meat arm (literally), planning to keep it in the Vault of Ages. The team debriefs with Ringmaster, as CG does some scouting to the East to see where all that mana went. Upsettingly, it seems that the walled Casa Aurelius district is now covered in a fully opaque magical barrier, with armed guards patrolling outside.

The team remembers that Freddy Bales introduced them to an older man who he identified as his father at the museum gala in that district, and are horrified to confront the fact that although they were able to halt the main ritual, the threat of the Black Lodge may not yet be over. Passed on CG’s and other scouts’ reports, Ringmaster says they likely have a little time to heal, re-equip, and muster allies, since the BL seems to be on a defensive footing, but that they shouldn’t delay an assault for too long, as who knows what kind of nefarious deeds the BL might get up to in the meantime.

However, some good has come of the team’s actions already- they prevented the primary ritual, and this seems to have closed the Scar, as well as ending the sporadic rifts opening around town. None have been sighted since the ritual was disrupted, and Ringmaster has teams out cleaning up any straggler spirits and making sure their associated rifts close. The spirits seem to all be from the deep metaplanes or beyond- some are what are often classified as “lesser Horrors” or “Tzitzimine.”

The team rests and heals for a few days, with Otters, in a chipper mood as always, sharing memories of Cholula with those who will listen. Marjo-Lin tells Dig that she and some other Keepers were the ones that lured the birdman spirits over to the ritual, having heard Ringmasters call for aid, and also tells Dig she’s sorry for what happened to his magical order- apparently Norman Burger was another one of the BL ritualists! ML tells Dig that she was a bit surprised as she never got a human supremacist vibe off of either one, but this does explain Bales’ skill as masking his aura and appearing innocuous.

Dig briefly considers killing ML as well, just in case, but Otters talks him out of it. For one, she’s an ork, making her very unlikely to be a Black Lodge member. Also, she’s one of The Detective’s close contacts in the Keepers. For now, the team rebuilds and begins to try to figure out what to do about Casa Aurelius- a rich human-centric district makes a lot of sense as a BL stronghold.

Corporate Confusion and Dodging Rifts
11/6/2023, 12:12:41 PM
Runners
Creep
Chew Gum
Dig
Otters aka Roadkill
Tabasco aka Cholula

While resting and repairing at the new Plat Zone safehouse, the team gets a few messages. Peregrine says that he has a Johnson who specifically requested their team for a job, and Ringmaster says he needs some recon done around town on some rumors of small rifts appearing and vanishing ever since the Black Lodge ritual got disrupted and imploded. Creep pushes hard for doing the Peregrine gig for some solid non-magical payday times, and the team eventually agrees, though Cholula and Otters hope to maybe encounter some rifts on the way to get some quick intel.

They head out towards The Dom enclave, and only make it halfway before encountering a rift- 3 strange corrupted spider hybrids with long spindly legs are dragging a pile of drugged and bound captives back into a rift. CG sets up the quicksilver camera while the rest of the team engages the spider’s in combat, with Otters firing the van gun while Cholula charges in. He spots that the spiders have bound the captives with some sort of magical webbing after disabling them with a toxin, which he almost falls prey to himself.

They manage to defeat the spiders, and save the final captive as the rift puckers shut with an audible snap. Doing some investigation onsite, they are able to find a small fragment of unidentifiable black reflective stone, and crumbled and burnt remains of some more of the stuff. This seems to be what AZT mentioned the TM’s have been digging for, and doing some quick CSI, Otters is able to determine that the magitech weapon that detonated over Downtown, creating the Scar, could have shot shrapnel out to this locaiton.

Dig is able to detect some magical traces, that suggest that this tiny fragment was part of a larger whole, powered by sacrificial magic some time previous, and to do with portals or gateways. It seems to still have a small amount of power onboard so they stash it in Creep’s leg, and head back to the Plat Zone, with CG using his medkit to stabilize their rescued victim. At the Plat Zone, Dig asks if there are any TM’s around, and Electric Blue comes forward, and volunteers to touch the weird fragment at Dig’s request.

He says he feels a little more connected and whole, so Dig checks him out in the astral, and sees that he seems to have a possibly temporarily enhanced essence, but that this has drained the small remaining power from the fragment. It doesn’t seem to be instantly addictive, but EB does his best to describe the feeling, and how he can understand the pull of this would have, especially to anyone who had lost some of their essence to injury, implant, etc and wanted to restore that connection.

Ringmaster seems worried about this development, and even more worried about what the team tells him they briefly glimpsed through the rift, which he confirms with a look at the quicksilver plate. It opened into the infinite maze of Kadath, and though only Otters say through and beyond, her report of seeing the construction of a Bone Bridge is upsetting, Ringmaster warns her to guard her mind and dreams, but since she lacks the ability to reach the astral plane herself, thinks she should be reasonably safe for now. He requests more info, as they team continues their travels around town.

Continuing on their way, they reach the bar adjacent to the bank that is now included in the expanding Dom “safe zone”. They enter the bar, and find one of the Brackhauses from the hotel mission awaiting them with their bodyguards. Now appearing with a feminine aspect, and unclear which was the “true” appearance if either, the team decides to refer to this one as “Frau Brackhause” for expediency. The young Vietnamese street mage and Black troll bodyguard are keeping an eye on the meet from different points in the bar, but give the team a nod of recognition from their last encounter in the DDB.

Sitting down, Frau Brackhaus gives them the rundown- she wants to sabotage the other Brackhaus (who the team decided to refer to as “Herr Brackhaus” for expediency). She tells them that she will make sure their team is recommended to him for a job he is putting together, and that all she wants them to do is record the meet and the job, leaving themselves out of the footage, and plant a program in a system they will access as part of the job. She gives them a chip with the program on it, and asks if they want to negotiate.

Lacking the skill, Otters requests “a little more money than your initial offer”, and she chuckles and tells them what she’ll pay. They agree, head back out to the van, and shortly receive a radio call from Herr Brackhaus, requesting a meet, in a short while at the same bar. They agree, and Otters circles the block until it’s time to head back in. They find Herr Brackhaus waiting at a different booth, but with his 2 twin adept bodyguards similarly deployed keeping an eye on things. They seem a bit less friendly to the team.

HB explains that he wants the team to break into an electronics store and swap out some data cores, and then break into an apartment and steal any electronics present and fence them at the Trading Post, where he set up an account that will deliver their pay. The store break-in must be unnoticed and the apartment must be somewhat obvious. If this all goes well, he requests they come meet him after at the bar atop the hotel where they first met.

Dig inserts the program that Frau Brackhaus gave them into one of the data cores, and they decide not to investigate either that or the cores themselves. They reach the address of the store in the Golden Mile shopping district along the west riverfront, and do some quick recon. The lone proprietor seems to be running in and out of the store doing sales outfront and inventory inside, while a guard watches the front. It’s in a recently converted Stuffer Shack, so all the disused vents and grease traps are still onsite but not running.

There’s an emergency exit on the alley at the back, and no running security cameras, so they go for an old school distraction out front while other sneak in. Cholula and CG feign getting into a fight while Dig does some magical mood manipulation, and Creep sneaks in a vent and opens the alley door for one of the Mule drones, which Otters rigs in and uses to swap the 3 data cores. The distraction works, but the market seems to have some magical security as a guard comes running warning everyone of magical manipulation. Cholula tries to hip check him and gets whacked, hard, with a stun baton for his trouble.

Dig becomes visible, announces he is the magical mastermind, and then turns into a bird and flies off. With the guard a bit distracted by this, Cholula and CG take this opportunity to flee, with all 3 feeling they may not want to return to the market for a while. They head to apartment next, luckily encountering no more rifts on their drive across Downtown. They start doing recon on the apartment, and are hyper-suspicious of the fact that it seems to be a regular nice condo in a guarded building without any traps or special security.

Cholula and Creep sneakily scale up to the unit while Dig watches for ambushes and guard patrols, and CG and Otters drive back to the Plat Zone to pick up the VTOLs to load the goods. On their way back, they spot some horrifying floating heads with dangling tentacles chasing and capturing some children, and decide to ignore it, feeling underpowered. They both take a hit with their rep with the Keepers in response. They get the VTOL’s and head back, returning to the team with no further trouble, having also reported in their new sighting to Ringmaster.

The team executes a simple B&E with no issues and gets a good haul of high end consumer electronics, as well as a monogrammed shaving kit, though it doesn’t appear to have been used and has no ritual samples. They head to the Trading Post, sell the goods, and get paid as promised. They head to the Dom again and call Frau Brackhaus on the mesh network. FB thanks them for the data they got, pays them, and tells them to do the same thing again for whatever job HB offers them next (record, report in, get paid twice). They agree and head back to the hotel.

They spot the floating tentacle heads again, this time with no kids, but looking a bit inflated and moving slower. Otters takes a pot shot but they seem especially resistant to physical weapons, so she speeds away. They drive off and call it in to the Plat Zone on the radio. At the hotel, realizing that some of them had gotten spotted during their attack there, only CG and Otters head in, getting a pat down but not an especially hard time from the concierge. They reach the bar up top, and find the troll crooner, matronly info broker and other regulars ensconsed as usual, with some patrons drinking by the windows and calling out when they spot new rifts popping up around Downtown.

They head to HB’s corner booth and slide past his alert twin guards. He kicks them over a heavy armored case, and explains that he has a ton of corp scrip that he needs to swap for liquid assets, via a Triad exchange, and also use this to buy a short term Triad safehouse. Once the team makes the swap, returns with spendable currencies, and gets the safehouse set up, he’ll have one last task for them, and pay double of the last job. They agree, grab the case and head out. They encounter another rift near the scar, with a huge mass of flesh, eyes, and mouths chasing and absorbing some survivors, and growing as it does.

As Otters prepares to fire, it foes invisible, but Dig and Cholula confirm it is still around, so the team opens up as best they can. It moves upsettingly quickly once attacked, and gloms onto the van, beginning to absorb Cholula. Luckliy Dig is able to do some magical damage, and Otters uses a slick van maneuver to break it’s hold and throw it off, after which it retreats to its rift. Dig almost follows it in, but is talked out of it just as the rift snaps shut, with some of the team vowing not to stick around if he does. Both Dig and Cholula really want to enter a rift though!

After some discussion, Dig flies ahead to give Grandmother Biyu a respectful heads up about the double Johnson situation on this job so she doesn’t waste a good safehouse, and she has them meet with her semi-captive TM Tater, who seems to still be working off his debt. They make the cash exchange at truly extortionate rates, and get the safehouse address and details. Otters, fearing more rift encounters, decides to solo VTOL back to the bar, and uses the rooftop bar since she was already screened for entry, though she is patted down once more.

She passes over the much lighter case, and passes along the address. HB then gives them the final task- a hit on the local SK middle manager who is overall in charge or the corp’s ops here during the Blackout. HB explains that he has personal beef with this manager, and that instead of seeing HB’s promise and advancing him, the manager has been wasting both of their time playing HB off against another local Brackhaus while he claims all the credit for their successes. Otters asks a few questions but agrees- it seems this middle manager is the guy whose monogrammed shaving kit they found earlier. HB is able to provide them with some ritual samples, however.

Otters zips over to the Dom and back to the Plat Zone, getting approval to continue from FB, who seems quite content with how this is all going. All she wants is for them to tell her first when the hit is done. Otters tries to make sure the team isn’t going to get any blowback, and FB suggests that so long as they did their job and aren’t on the recordings, there shouldn’t be any issues. Dig uses the ritual samples to track the guy down, after which the team decides that the easiest option is just to have Dig do the hit too, since he can mask his magic.

He flies to the manager’s location as a bird, astrally disguises his aura to look like a rift and casts an illusion of a rift crackling with lightning, and the bursts the manager with a lighting bolt. Hearing some panicked screams from witnesses and passers-by about how “oh god the rifts shoot lightning now” and similar, he flees the area. With that done, Otters VTOLs back to the Dom, gets paid, and gets a “well done” from FB, who explains that as the survivor of this whole situation she will have greater discretionary budget available soon, and likely more use for the team.

They decide not to report in to HB, not wanting to get in whatever trap FB has set for him, and skip the final chunk of their pay. Dig muses about how cheap it is for someone to get the team to kill someone, especially when they don’t even bother to pick up the money. They rest up as CG initiates again to get the Flux metamagic to conceal his astral comings and goings from the Black Lodge, who almost surely have a ritual sample of his. Dig also levels up his astral combat with Dog’s approval, to better fight these disutbing rift creatures. Checking the team file, they can find no mention of any of them from the Denver section, the last time sporadic rifts were spitting forth monsters and sucking civilians back through.

Ringmaster says he needs them to keep looking, which they plan to do after Dig does his monthly magical order meeting. First, however, they are summoned to a meeting with Brunwyn on her boat. They all attend besides CG, who is busy building up and using his new magical lodge at Plat Zone, and Cholula, who is still concerned about being captured and exploited by corps as a specimen. The rest of the team goes to the meet and gets a light warning about interfering too much in SK internal business- Brunwyn seems amused with how all the squabbling of the mortal employees in town has gone up to this point, but wants to make a point that she is paying attention and has noticed the team’s involvement.

She turns to walk away, dismissing them, and DIg having missed the point asks “so why did you ask us to meet?” after which Creep has to intercede and explain what just happened, after which they exit, with Baritone also telling them they’ll likely receive some more work soon. They head back to the Plat Zone, and rest up while Dig heads out for his meeting, before they head back out to get to the bottom of these rifts…..

Rescue Mission and Ritual Disruption
10/30/2023, 11:51:52 AM
Runners
Creep
Chew Gum
Dig
Otters aka Roadkill
Tabasco aka Cholula

The team, newly tipped off to some strange rituals occuring around town (performed by mysterious cloaked figures) head out to investigate, unable to find any initial traces of ChewGum. Cholula hangs back initially to finish healing, while TD keeps helping out in Hamtramck. Dig, Otters, and Creep navigate their way over the partially blown bridges to Windsor, which is starting to feel a bit separate- the physical difficulties of travel there currently manifesting in some slight cultural drift.

They head to the necropolis and check on CG’s bolthole there, finding all his stuff intact, but some evidence that someone had been there before them- a few well-concealed trackers, and some kind of hard to see trick with the door that they didn’t spot in time. Worried about who might come looking, they hid and surveil for a while, and eventually see a watcher spirit turn up, see them, and flee before they can engage. Dig tries to track it but something obscures his ability to do so. They are concerned that this watcher looks similar or perhaps identical to the one that was following Bloodripper when they ambushed him.

After waiting long enough (and getting enough drones on surveillance) to be convinced noone else is coming right now, they track down the ritual site – at an intersection of leylines in the cemetery complex. Dig checks it out, and Creep doses himself with some eye drops provided by the Walker in Ways, which allow anyone with their natural eyes to gain astral perception for 1 day/night rotation, with some costs.

The ritual looks like a large force endeavor, with a ton of reagents expended, and a sacrifice component, though someone has cleaned up the astral area since, making it hard to get specifics. Dig thinks he could recognize the cast if he encounters them or their signature. While checking the expended reagents for evidence, Dig recognizes some as of a brand he’s bought from Grandmother Biyu before, and heads over to her base to enquire.

Creep and Otters head back to Detroit proper on foot to meet up. Dig confers with Biyu, and she confirms that the reagents are hers, processed and sold at a Triad facility on the Dockfront. She gives Dig the location and calls ahead to tell them to cooperate. Dig flies over after radio-ing the others to meet him there. They link back up at the facility, and after some initial pushback the on-site Triad security let them talk to one of the clean-suited techs working there, who pulls up their purchase receipts, and confirms that they have sold a few large batches recently to the same person: Liam the Black.

They say he seemed kind of sleazy and they were surprised he had the kind of resources needed, but he had paid in full. The team heads back to the Plat Zone, and confers with Ringmaster, who tells them that Liam is a burnt-out street mage with no real pull except his natural sleazy charisma, who has apparently collected a small cult, but is not regarded by Ringmaster (or others) as a serious player in town. He is able to provide a location for the cult’s base though.

The team heads over and surveils it for a while, watching as the small group becomes increasingly debauched while Liam promises over and over that they’ll all be magical again soon (worrying). Eventually, everyone at the house crashes, and Otters sneaks a drone in, drugs Liam, and leaves him vulnerable to Dig’s mind probe, with which they get a lot of useful detail.

Apparently, Liam has been purchasing the reagents on the behalf of a woman named Helene Baptiste, who looks down on him, but is convinced he’s successfully using her to gain his power back as he believes she is connected to the Black Lodge. They get a few different locations from his mind where he’s made deliveries, including near the Windsor necropolis, so they think he must be delivering near the planned ritual sites, since Baptists seems not to think much of his acuity or consider him a risk or threat.

Not having anything else useful in his brain, they leave him and the cult be, but Otters and Creep stick around to watch and see if they lead them anywhere while Dig goes to check the other ritual sites. He finds more evidence of massive rituals, made to trap or contain something powerful, using tons of reagents plus sacrifice, and then astrally cleansed. Checking in with Ringmaster again, they hear of rumors of missing street mages around town, and get worried that CG might be the next likely victim for the upcoming ritual.

All they know is that it is at the University by Bloomfield, so they head up there and poke around, pretty quickly finding a leyline convergence at the library, and spotting a ritual in progress in the basement, which is closed to the public currently. Not wanting to step on any toes, Otters calls up Ronnie’s Raiders to warn them that the team is gonna have to do an op on their turf, while Creep sneaks in through the vents with mouse Dig and some of Otters’ drones.

Creep is able to get into the ritual chamber and slip mouse Dig out of a vent, while spotting 6 mages chanting in Latin and walking along a large ritual circle around a nude CG who is bound to a stone slab, seemingly magically summoned up from the poured concrete floor of the chamber. He seems drugged but alive, so Dig dashes over to him, slipping inside the magic circle without getting noticed, and uses his mindlink spell to get into communication with CG.

Creep relays all this to Otters, who is able to use it as proof of nefarious happenings in his meeting with Ronnie and Prof. Vinh Trong, who both seem confused and upset at the news. Ronnie calls an emergency meeting of the Raiders to try to coordinate an evacuation of civilians from the immediate area, while Trong starts pondering containment spells in case something goes wrong, and requests that they attempt to preserve the library.

Cholula gets eyes on some guards in armored suits watching the basement stairs, and sees them get a call just after this, with one of them heading downstairs to warn the ritualists. Conferring mentally, Dig and CG determine that if they can take out the ritual leader the force of it should harm the other mages present, and will at least be a good distraction. Using a consensual mind probe, Dig is able to identify which cloaked figure is Baptiste, the leader, from CG’s drugged memories. As Otters rushes back and gets the rest of her drones in position, they launch their attack.

Creep shoots Baptists, blasting through her armored cloak and magical protections, just before Otters darts her with two snake drones, flat-lining her. This causes the desired magical feedback as the remaining mages struggle to hold control of the ritual. Creep shoots another one of them, further hindering their ability to do so, and one of them lets out a frantic “oh no!”. Meanwhile, Cholula and one of the Mules have gotten into a fight with guards up top but manage to drop them quickly, and get the basement stair door open using one of their keycards.

Dig pulls CG free of the slab and his restraints using his magic hand, and starts hauling both of them towards the stairs when the ritual goes fully out of control and they are both pulled into astral space. They see a portal to some deep, distant point, but are more distracted by seeing Dig’s mentor, Dog, being pulled apart into multiple different aspects or segments and seemingly scattered. Dig hears a distressed whimper as this occurs. CG decides to stay astral for now, as he seems more functional there, but Dig is able to focus and maintain his spell, and keep hauling them to the stairs, which allows him to return primarily to his body.

The team all exfils up the stairs and out the front as they feel magical pressure building behind them, and then with a large pop, a huge section of the library building explodes outwards (seemingly only contained by Trong and some assistant’s frantic efforts) before imploding back in on itself, leaving a massive scooped out crater. The team sticks around to “help” but doesn’t have much to do. They try to warn Trong and others of the Black Lodge threat, but he seems to honestly believe it is just a conspiracy theory.

Ronnie seems a little more receptive, but hints that the team should be on their way since they just ran out of the library right before it exploded. CG finally rallies from his stupor as the drug wears off, and he and Dig are a little surprised when Freddy Bales seems to recognize mouse Dig and comes over to talk to them. Cholula, suspicious, tries to plant a tracker on Bales after he makes some pleasantries and then leaves to try to help Trong with magical cleanup, but Bales not only notices the tracker but almost manages to sneak it back onto Cholula. Detente.

The team heads back to the Plat Zone, and shares their intel with Ringmaster, who seems very worried and says he need to look into some things. Dig rushes them out the door again, hearing another astral whimper, to see what happened to Dog and if they can do anything. CG also wants to swing by his bolthole to grab his stuff. They head back to Windsor, and CG gets re-equipped, finding a few more tracking tags in the process as they do a more thorough search.

They also find a rippling magical dome at the previously examined ritual site. Dig manipulates his aura to appear like Helene Baptiste’s, and after a few attempts, gain entry. He find an aspect of Dog (pack mentality) here, and manages to call on his connection to his mentor to get this aspect to trust him and follow him out of the circle, after which it quickly vanishes, though distressingly it seems to have been made to manifest as the other team members can all briefly see it also. Being further concerned, Dig urges speed to the next few ritual sites.

At the next, on the waterfront, they find another magic dome, this one having attracted a bit of a crowd. CG takes some quicksilver pics, while Dig once again enters as Baptiste and manages to lure this aspect of Dog (play and chasing) out, almost getting bitten in his mouse form to do so. When the plates develop, CG spots that same watcher spirit observing them again, but it is gone by the time they look in astral…. this is starting to get suspicious. They head to the next site, some woods near the Blight, and find another trapped aspect (loyalty and friendship), which Dig again calls on his ties to his mentor to entice out.

Feeling like they’ve discovered about 3/4 of the fractured Dog, they head back to the Plat Zone to inquire about fresh leads, and hear of one more rumored ritual site in the DDB. They leave Ringmaster their data and the quicksilver plates so he can make some calls, and head down. They eventually track their way to the site where they fought the escaped lab experiment dog of Aurand’s, and find another magic dome there.

This is Dog’s protectiveness/aggression, and it is very backed in a corner with hackles up, giving off intensely scary growls. Otters says she’s got this, and Dig pulls her through the barrier, again posing as Baptiste. Otters totally confidently approaches, grabs Dog by the scruff, and firmly walks it out, with Dig pulling them through again. With this last aspect of Dog free and the 4 pieces reunited, Dig feels his connections to his mentor return, and both he and Otters feels that they can call upon Dog for direct assistance in return, as Dog seems unusually locally present still.

Heading back to the Plat Zone, they once again debrief Ringmaster and he shares some intel he got from the outside, riskily using TM’s to do so, bypassing the Null data blockade via Resonance dives. Based on the ritual used, and how it all worked, and the fact that it was able to make a mentor spirit manifest and the break it up to trap it, they collectively speculate that the Black Lodge may have been trying to splinter and capture a Horror, which might have been what they were preparing to summon. Or, this may have all just been a test run.

Once they start speculating, though, they realize that the Black Lodge may have been behind much of what’s been going on in Detroit, as a blacked out post-corporate city would be the perfect place to run a bunch of dark magic experiments. The team wonders if the BL perhaps was assisting the Malakim in harming ARES internally, ensuring both their weakening and their disastrous move, as well as if the BL was quietly boosting the Shadow, Famine, and other dark magic cults to try to create or summon a powerful spirit (maybe even a spirit of the city) that they could bind.

With this intel, plus some other Blackout knowledge, as well as some other tidbits and overall synthesis of what’s going on, the team decides to pull the trigger on the CEO Tarot card. Otters presses the button, and a logo appears in her RCC of each of the Big 10 Mega’s, with a small inset of their current CEO. After some debate, they decide to go with AZT, as they and Ringmaster agree that either AZT or SK are the two least likeliest to be infiltrated by the BL at their highest levels, SK cause of Dragons, AZT cause of 4th World enmities between factions of immortal humans.

Otters presses the button, and Flavia de la Rosa picks up. She seems intrigued but not patient, and Otters gives a quick synopsis of how she got her number, and what she and the team can offer. de la Rosa is interested enough to stay on the line, and seems like a skilled social operator, using effective mirroring and asking insightful questions as Otters shared the agreed upon paydata.

Asking what they want in return, de la Rosa is happy to offer eventual transport out, saying that there is a lot going on in Denver that needs looking into, which seems like a perfect place for a skilled team to travel next. She offers them a vacation diversion on the way, but Otters, having heard tell of the team’s last vacation disaster, demurs. They also get AZT to agree to air drop in food, to be distro’ed by G’ma Biyu but with AZT logos, which will be good PR. de la Rosa is also happy to promise some future equipment to get them geared up for their Denver trip, once the city reopens.

She also sends along a news update packet at Otters’ request, to get caught up on the outside world. Saying they likely will not speak again, she instructs them to turn to Cehualli for other local needs in the meantime and cuts the call. Interestingly, only the AZT icon vanishes from Otters’ RCC, so it seems like the other 9 CEO’s are still on the table for future calls, though punching this one through the Resonance was all that Ringmaster’s comms team can manage for now.

With that having gone fairly well, the team debates what to do with all the intense news they received in the packet- Seattle is officially free! The UCAS seems to be in a state of collapse! The Returned and Chimeras are popping up everywhere! Dig wants to broadcast it all on a public wideband, but they hold off for now to debate a bit first.

Hamtramck Under Attack
10/16/2023, 10:52:37 AM
Runners
Creep
Dig
Otters aka Roadkill
Cholula

The team wakes up in the safehouse, with DIg having some disturbing memories of hyper-realistic dreams of vine-strewn deep matrix locales. CG races in, shouts that the are is under attack, grabs his magic flaming sword, and runs back out into the street, The rest of the team hurries to get dressed while Otters and Cholula give Dig a quick once-over and declare him cleared for action, though worried about what the vine dreams might mean….

Cholula dashes out and hearing multiple sources of gunfire and toxic spellcraft, sneaks up onto the bar roof to get a vantage. Otters army crawls to the van and launches the fly-spy swarm to get some overhead for the TacNet. Dig turns to a bird, and also gets airborne, while Creep sneaks out the front door, and The Detective hunkers down inside to avoid stray bullets and provide some guidance.

Cholula and the drones spot 2 groups of attackers, lighting fires, casting spells, and firing guns, approaching from opposite corners of the district. They also see a massive manifested sludge spirit in the middle of the district, wrecking house. Locals are fleeing and hiding, but being herded inwards, so the team gets involved. Cholula gets spotted by a mage, who launches an acid stream at him, but he ducks down behind the roof edge and hears it sizzle on impact.

Creep sneaks over to the mage targeting Cholula, while they see CG racing over to confront the other attacking opps team. They lost sight of him and he’s quickly out of TacNet range, which surprises them as the local mesh net is fairly robust- and just then, they get an alert that their TacNet is under attack! Dig flips into the matrix via his bird trode and finds a large corrupted Sprite wrecking house in there, seemingly one of the kidnapped e-life forms from the SpriteLoks driven mad in captivity.

Luckily it doesn’t seem to be targeting them specifically, just destroying things in the vicinity, but the local mesh is in bad shape. Dig confronts it, partially to stop Otters from shutting down the TacNet in a panic, since they need it up. Meanwhile, in meatspace, Creep shoots at the mage, seemingly a leader in the toxie faction that was running the grub labs, based on the skin mask he wears. One of his acolytes, wearing the armored rad suit with skin patch, dives in front of the shot and goes down.

Interestingly, the group seems to be half toxie cultists and half Blackout Boyz, and they don’t seem that familiar with working together, though each reasonably skilled. Dig continues fighting/distracting the sprite in the matrix, and Cholula comes under attack from the sludge spirit, which astrally steps up onto the roof he’s perched on. Otters, seeing this, opens up on the spirit with the van HMG, blasting off a bunch of it’s goopy armor but splashing Cholula with acid.

Cholula tries to bite the spirit, misses, and gets grabbed in a harsh grapple, taking more acid damage, and then is shot in the back when Otters misses on her next burst with the HMG. Cholula is then KO’ed in astral by the sludge spirit, who starts hauling his body off, down the street. Creep has also gotten himself into some trouble, getting surrounded by the opps team that he attacked, so he hides the leg that has all the team secrets in the alley and starts rolling around trying not to get shot, they seem like they are also trying to take him alive.

Otters, being the only one mobile, has to make a hard choice, and races over to Creep, blasting another toxie cultist with the van as Creep pops a smoke grenade and starts falling back. HMG suppressive fire forces the attackers to retreat as well. Luckily, Dig finally manages to best the maddened Sprite in matrix combat without taking much damage himself, and flips back to meatspace, flies over to the sludge spirit, and blasts it with a massive lightning bolt, destroying it but showering the KO’ed Cholula with yet more acid.

Dig then magically heals Cholula, who uses his return to consciousness to good effect, sneaking around to the side as Otters advances the van under HMG suppressive fire. Creep sneaks around to the other side, as Dig flies above, aiming for a triple “pincher” maneuver. Cholula manages to KO the toxie mage and one of the Blackout Boyz with Narcoject arrows while the team guns/magics the rest of the enemies down, allowing none to escape.

They load up the prisoners into the van, and dose them with Gamma Scopolamine to keep them docile. Dig calls on his spirit to assist and unleashes a massive Mind Probe on the toxie leader, Father Gorgon, who puts up a strong resistance but is unable to hold back the mental assault. Dig rifles through his secrets, and then for some reason decides to kill him by channeling lightning directly into his eyes, causing them to burst and run down his face like badly cooked eggs. The smell of frying flesh suffuses the van. The other paralyzed captive watches in horror.

They find out the following info: Gorgon was a cult leader of his faction of toxies, along with the other mage “Mother Gorgon”. Viking Cowgirl is the leader of the Blackout Boyz, or at least the one in charge of coordinating today’s actions. Both factions have been heavily depleted by the team’s recent attacks, and have worked together before but are both paid by some unknown outside party. The goal of today’s attack was to destroy district infrastructure, a project the toxies are often paid for (they’ve been behind the mesh network attacks), and also to capture specific targets if spotted- these being all 6 members of the team.

They had also been paid, alongside other local mages of questionable morality, to prevent or destroy any astral forms attempting to get messages into or out of Detroit, ensuring a near total information blockade, with the matrix down and MET2000 patrolling the land and sea exits. They’d also worked some additional jobs as backup for the Blackout Boyz but don’t know further details. It seems like the only survivors of this group are Mother Gorgon and the cultists with her.

This, suddenly, makes the team worry about where CG is, as he hasn’t turned up yet. They race over to the other side of the district (not very far), and find signs of a battle but no ongoing combat. Dig recovers the burnt hilt of CG’s flaming sword but it seems inert, so Otters gives it to a local kid who they find and question who saw some stuff.

Apparently, CG raced into the attack, flaming sword assisting him momentarily before turning on him at a crucial moment. He did manage to fry one of the toxie attackers before this. But, distracted by that angry spirit trapped within the blade, he was unable to also defend himself against the attackers and was KO’ed and captured- they called off their assault and fled while the rest of the team was still bogged down in combat on the other side of the area.

Not having any better leads at the moment, they check on the neighborhood, with TD saying they will focus on this for now. Finding no further attackers or threats, they tell everyone to come out and start rebuilding, and find that luckily casualties were pretty low- mostly Children of Loxley who were on patrol and whatever random civilians had the bad luck to be out in the open, as well as the occasional stray bullet or spell that punched through a wall or window.

Dig, slightly rested, and with the benefit of the secondary effect of the Gamma Scopolamine, is ready to question the second subject. Otters tries the social route first, without much success, but gets a little info. the BB’s seem to view themselves as guns for hire just trying to survive, who scored a sweet contract which also ensures their families/dependents are provided for (if local). He seems to think that the team is going to torture and kill him, based on what he has seen so far, and Otters doesn’t really convince him otherwise, so he isn’t overly cooperative.

Feeling they’ve hit a dead end, Dig gets the others to hold him and lands on his head, doing another Mind Probe. Things the team learns: they don’t know who they’re working for, or where they deliver the TM’s. due to liberal use of Laës provided by Stanli the Candyman, who also takes it to forget the transaction. They also don’t know where their families actually are, though they get regular trid calls (the team worries these could be faked easily by Null Sect). He thinks they’re doing some weird matrix ritual with the van routes, and has seen some matrix vines, but hasn’t heard of the Null Sect. The BB’s were all hired/assembled after the Blackouts started. They were behind the assassination of various scientists that Brunwyn was trying to acquire.

He also has some upsetting news from outside, seemingly gleaned from the vans getting some amount of comms in. The UCAS has declared martial law, due to the Blackouts, and has cut off aid to ALL former ARES locales- including Detroit, declaring it ARES’ responsibility to care for their citizens and former employees. ARES has also stopped supplying any aid to any UCAS locales, claiming it is the government’s responsibility. This leaves a lot of newly ex-corpos in a real shit situation- arcologies and facilities with no power, food, or water coming in etc. Also, there are some disturbing rumors of some III Corps members returning, often very confused and distant…

They call into Ringmaster, and ask to come to the Plat Zone to debrief, and head over. Once there, they decide they better actually fully relocate for now, just in case, so Otters spends some time hauling drones and gear over to a Plat Zone apartment while Creep and Cholula get healed up in the basement clinic and Dig rests from all his spellcasting. Once they resettle, they debrief with Ringmaster, and he shares some info as well: he believes that the Grid Pirates/Blackout Boyz are attempting a theoretical ritual to alter the “Sprite of the Grid”, effectively a matrix equivalent to a “Spirit of the City”.

He explains that this is a fairly new concept, revolving around the “noosphere” as an equivalent to astral space, and based on the severely limited comms he’s been able to get in/out via brave TM’s risking Null Sect attack- it seems that even with the matrix down, Resonance wells can still be found. He also says he’s heard some other reports of the III Corps vets and others, which are becoming collectively known as “the Returned”. He shares some rumors of anachronistic figures appearing who seem to have disappeared in both recent and much older history (Yucatan rebels and WWII soldiers from the Pacific theater), as well as some III Corps vets returning with what sound like chimeric mods like what the team encountered outside Site 000 in PA.

This is all very upsetting, and Ringmaster offers to pay the team to stay involved, though they settle for healing + safehouse for this batch of info. Dig flies up to G’ma Biyu and debriefs her on the latest re: vans, he also tells her where to pick up Father Gorgon’s body, which she says she should be able to process into some interesting reagents. She pays them another installment for their ongoing investigation, and also says she’s heard some rumors of a strange cloaked group doing small, dark rituals in obscure places around town. Dig returns to the team with this news, just as they get a radio call from Jaga at the water treatment plant.

She says that during their ritual a few nights back, they spotted a strange mana spike from the direction of the Windsor cemetery (where CG has a safehouse)- it looked like some bad mojo but came and went pretty quickly, and they’ve been too occupied to investigate it further. The team decides to look into it, though Cholula stays behind to heal more, still being pretty wrecked. Otters is also feeling antagonistic towards CG, in a way that seems unusual for her, and the team speculates that the love potion may have worn off. What this means for CG, who drank one of the love potions as well, they do not know! But they hope that perhaps investigating these dark rituals will lead them closer to finding him, as they have no current leads…

Mystery Vans Go Boom
10/9/2023, 10:10:13 AM
Runners
Creep
Dig
Otters aka Roadkill
The Detective
Tabasco aka Cholula

CG sits out the van job in order to try to repair their rep with Ringmaster. He first replicates some food, then practices astrally cleansing his aura off of it to not be traceable, using his spirits to see how well he did. After figuring out the right balance there, he distros the food to the gang coop for further distro-ing in their area. He also throws in some resources and barter to fund the initial supplies. While doing this he also starts marveling at the amount of money he and Dig have given to Penelope Beans in the last few months, and wondering what army of reagent collectors she is funding…

Dig also throws a bunch of resources into rep management, but in a more hand-off way, acquiring more supplies for people to build, repair, and expand mesh nets around town. He also hears some disturbing tales of repair and install crews being attacked or killed, as well as mesh gear being ripped off or destroyed. Having heard rumors of this a few times now, he inquires further, and is disturbed to hear that the one unifying marker on the attackers spotted by sensors and/or surviving witnesses is a patch of skin adhered somewhere to their armor… more toxie activity?

The team puts that aside for the moment to focus on Cholula’s lead- he has managed to find a spot that the van he shot the tracker arrow into goes, once per day. They head over to the industrial riverfront area, and find a cop bar called the Crown Vic. Surveilling it for a while, it seems like a community hub for ex-LEO and families, with the bar still serving hooch from a still and people gathering around trash barrel fires to share gossip, barter, etc.

Reviewing Cholula’s previous surveillance footage, Otters and TD manage to recognize the three people who show up in the mystery van- all local freelance runners with a rep for taking a lot of corp jobs- meaning, in the case of Detroit, ARES. So seemingly all deniable assets on the ARES payroll, raising the question of whether this is still an ARES op or if they just for cut loose in the move. TD determines that the cops and ex-CorpSec hanging out at the bar seem to know these 3 and have a antagonistic but semi-friendly relationship, once again implying past corp affiliations.

Otters sees that when the van shows up corresponds with a swell in attendance at the bar, and that the crowd kind of rushes it though they don’t seem to be giving or receiving anything, until she realizes that they all seem to be checking devices- it seems the roving signal from the van allows for some limited matrix communication, though Otters is sure it is also skimming the traffic that passes through it, and doubts this is altruistic.

They wait for the van to arrive again, which it does, and Creep sneaks up and magnets on underneath it while finding a spot to plug in a data tap to give access to the system to Dig, who is flying above in bird form. Otters is also up in the VTOL keeping an eye on things and piloting the flyspys, one of which is able to detect the explosives packed into the van behind various panels and such. Streaming this feed to TD, they tell the crowd to back away from the vehicle, as it is rigged to blow, and share the feed as proof.

Meanwhile, Dig has backdoored into the van system via the data tap, but finds a nasty surprise waiting: a Null Sect entity! Recognizing the iconic toothed triangle, Dig decides to try to garner some data as he can’t get a good read on it’s power level. It quickly attacks him, maxing out his biofeedback protection on his deck- it seems to somehow be bypassing his device and hitting at him directly. He is also horrified to find himself link-locked when he tries to jack out, and fails to disconnect, sending out a panicked message.

Otters pulls an intense aerial maneuver, manage to fly right up to bird Dig, open the VTOL, and use surgical tools inside to carefully pull off his bird-sized trode while also catching him as he crashes from dumpshock. Creep pulls the data tap and begins exfiltrating as Otters hears a worried “intruuuuuudddddeeeeerrrrrrrrrr…..” staticky cry from MAMA and shuts down the TacNet. Suddenly worried about what drastic action the NS will take to cover knowledge of their presence, TD starts trying to work their way out of the crowd while continuing to encourage others to also get clear.

Both TD and Creep are caught in the edges of the blast as the van blows big, shredding 2 of the 3 runners who had remained by it, as well as killing or injuring many in the crowd who had pushed up to get good signal. TD and Creep both manage to get away, though not without some worries, and link up at the team van nearby, where Creep leaves TD in charge of keeping an eye out and heads out again, as he has spotted Cholula pursuing the loan surviving mystery van runner as he flees on foot.

They link up and manage to trail the guy back to the garage next to the Senator hotel downtown, where they’d previously seen some of the vans exit. Following him in, they trail him to the lower level, and see him use some kind of hidden control inside a parked car that activates an elevator concealed beneath. He begins descending, and they wait til the elevator has bottomed out before stealthily jumping into the opening after him.

Meanwhile, Otters and bird Dig, in the VTOL, have managed to find TD and the team van just in time, as some downtown scavs are starting to look pretty interested in acquiring the van for themselves, and TD isn’t much of a combat driver. Otters takes the wheel and guides both craft over to the Platinum Zone, where they report into Ringmaster, catching him up and asking for some assistance. He shares some intel with them as well, and gathers some additional hackers from the comms station to isolate and reboot the TacNet.

When they do, they manage to destroy a small foreign code fragment, which looks like some kind of digital vine, which Ringmaster explains is the NS’ way of both marking and acclimating to their turf (he thinks, a lot of this is conjecture). MAMA was totally shredded in her effort at defense, but the TacNet luckily is saved. They briefly mourn the loss of their agent, deciding they will name the eventual replacement STEPMAMA. Dig flies north to G’ma Biyu’s to report in as well, and she congratulates him on good progress, but still wants more info.

Back under the garage, it looks like the 2nd basement level was sealed off at some point, and there are half a dozen mystery vans parked down there. The runner they’re following heads over towards a door in the corner, this level seems about half as big as the one above, from what they can see. They race to catch up after he passes some biometric scans to be allowed entrance, and manage to slip in the door right behind him.

Inside, they are a bit surprised to find 19 people, all of whom have the look of van crews: local runners with mixed gear and specialties. 9 appear to be hot bunking, while 9 more are eating and cleaning weapons and such. They start to ready weapons in response, but Creep leaps forward, yanking out his bandolier of frag grenades and suggesting they be allowed to walk out or all will die. Unfortunately, his speaker is kind of tinny and everyone is talking at once so only Cholula really hears him. Cholula then shoots the runner they followed here in the chest with a flaming arrow, causing him to drop and everything to kick off.

Cholula dashes for the door, hauling Creep, as the sleeping runners rally and the other 9 give chase and fire on them. Creep is badly wounded, maybe killed, and Cholula’s armor is shredded. He chucks the grenades behind them, and gets a lucky bounce, with the detonation leaving mostly carnage in their wake. Unfortunately, the parked vans then start trying to ram Cholula. Also, the explosion was bad enough to finish off Cholula’s armor and do some actual damage, plus Creep is now partially disassembled. Cholula manages to scoop his torso and limbs up, making sure to grab the leg with all the secret team gear inside.

Cholula does some impressive dodging and weaving, seemingly achieving the near impossible, while avoiding getting his by any of the vans. Luckily there seems to be only a solitary entity controlling them. He then pulls off an impressive called shot, bypassing the armor and detonating the explosives pack in one of the unpiloted vans, clearing his way to exit elevator. He dives into the parked car and starts frantically pressing buttons, somehow achieving the correct sequence to get the elevator to begin rising, as one final van makes a frantic rush and detonates.

Cholula hunkers down in the dummy car, which he is blown out the back of by the force of the explosions, but he is still, barely, on his feet. The explosion also seems to have damaged the elevator so he frantically tosses all Creep’s parts up and then jumps after as another van races over below. Getting free to the sound of whirring and grinding behind him, he uses his previous recon knowledge of the area from the hotel mission to get atop a nearby roof without getting spotted, though he nearly falls a couple times and is at the end of his rope.

Not having any means to heal Creep he does what he can to stabilize his torso, and hopes for rescue, as he also doesn’t have any means to communicate. Luckily, Otters and Dig and TD, back at the Plat Zone, are all starting to feel that it’s been a little long since they heard from that team, and TD at least knew what direction Creep had head in pursuit, so Dig tasks a spirit with using the Search power to locate them, which it does. However, Dig went a little too hard on the summoning, and passes out after relaying the info.

Otters gets up in the VTOL with a radio, and flies circles in the area until she spots them, landing on the roof and frantically packing Creep in while hooking up the med drone to his various components. It doesn’t look great. Desperate, Otters send the drone on auto-pilot over to Leanna Octave’s, and then calls in on the radio for extraction from the Plat Zone. Cholula helps her descend from the rooftop, and they get picked up by some Plat Zone runners in one of the jury-rigged chem fuel vans.

Back at the Plat Zone, some of them rest while the rest review Cholula’s footage. They get face images of most of the runners they saw, and pass those along to Ringmaster to try to ID, and TD suggests also comparing to the “missing persons” message boards at various enclaves. They also spot some interesting details: there are no TM’s, or space to detain TM’s or other prisoners anywhere onsite. There are old mechanical hookups in one corner of the garage, though they didn’t get a great look at them. There is a banner with “Blackout Boyz” spray-painted on it. There are 12 maps up on the walls with routes and timetables, and a roving schedule of which team drives which route- implying they’ve taken out about half of their operating strength.

And perhaps most interestingly, there are plentiful supplies down here, all bearing the insignia of the Freedom Network, who the team knows from Seattle is often used as an unwitting meatspace cutout by the Null, whether directly or via their street wing, Popular Will. As they’d previously been involved with TM kidnapping and Null brain-in-jar experiments and such in Seattle at least, this all checks out, and gives more suggestions as to how this whole op works. However, this looks like it was just a staging ground for the vans, so there must be at least one more facility….

Also the lack of comms gear and astral barrier (earth and glowmoss panels) that concealed leave Otters wondering how they receive updated instructions, and she starts wondering about the route the vans are driving, and how the Null is moving about with no active matrix, other than the hyperlocal signals from the vans. Knowing that the van route traces old 1.0 Matrix infrastructure routes, she starts to worry that the Null are using those to travel and communicate, and decides to make another visit to the Run and Sollars library soon to look for old maps and layout and stuff, so they can start cutting off those pathways.

They get a radio call from Octave, reporting that Creep barely survived, but she had to do some radical cyber-mods to put him back together, so all of his limbs are detachable now. He’s not yet conscious, and Cholula and Dig are also still both banged up, so they spend the day charging tech, patching armor and resting. Creep finally flies home the next day, with some new cyber and a lower essence, and they all start catching up on how wild that mission was.

Before they can get to deep, though, CG races inside to sound of gunfire and screams from nearby, and frantically announces: “Hamtramck is under attack!!”

The Grub Hub Hubbub
10/2/2023, 6:22:38 PM
Runners
Creep
Chew Gum
Dig
Otters aka Roadkill
The Detective

The team finally follows up on CG’s famine investigation, and calls up Pretty out at the relocated Long Pig Farms. She reports that her and the other ghouls have been bogged down defending their turf from ex-ARES Corpsec militias, as well as packs of roving hunger-crazed survivors. However, the Bee spirit BETAS and some other locals they’ve befriended have all banded together with them, so they have a big farm compound and are trying to get another harvest in with whatever they can get to grow in the strange astral light.

The team asks them to snag any of the hungry people they come across, as Pretty reports that they often have lower essence than it seems like they should, and thus don’t make the best meals. Still, trespassers = free food. The team spends a while patching armor, catching up on sleep, charging all their gear, and refreshing all their rituals and magical supplies, and CG also trades a little more info on the famine situation with Penelope Beans.

They listen to a new dating show on Radio Free Detroit called “Motor City Meet Cute” while The Detective gets high in their dry tub outside, and Pretty calls to report that they caught a live one, with the weird “missing essence” problem. The team heads out to the farm the next morning, and Otters gets some more usable data points for her attempt to map where the center of the Zap Zone blast occurred.

They meet up with Pretty and Rains, who both seem a bit exhausted, but who lead them through the recently fortified farm complex to a reinforced paddock where they’ve chained up a gaunt human man, who is idly clawing the ground, almost like he’s trying to dig something out. He seems minimally aware, so Dig mind probes him, and finds that he is experiencing a depersonalization, akin to cyberpsychosis, but not triggered by any obvious source of the massive essence loss.

They think about it a bit, and compare notes and knowledge, and determine that Vamps, Shadow Spirits, or some other critters could be the source, but nothing points to any of those in particular. Diving further, Dig discovers that they guy is totally addicted to the SnakAttak Packs, and that acquiring more is his sole desire- he seems to have been near-mindlessly searching for other food to trade for them when captured.

Scanning him astrally, Dig does detect the same dark magic that was present in TD when they ate some of the chips, but in a larger quantity. Probing to the very depths of the man’s near-empty mind, Dig manages to get a good idea of the location where the food for chips trades occur, and then he and CG stick around to watch some ghoul farmhands consume the man, which they make short work of- they complain that there isn’t much to him, but Dig is relieved to see that whatever the dark magic is doesn’t seem to transfer, and reports to Pretty that it should be safe to keep eating any interlopers.

The team heads north, following bird Dig, who is astrally scouting the area the man thought of. They find a large ARESFood complex, with one of the buildings running off a generator on limited power. Desperate-looking individuals queue and mill about carrying whatever food they’ve scavenged out front until they are let in by security, after which most of them leave through one exit with chips in hand. However, some small number don’t emerge at all.

After some further drone, astral, and physical recon, plus an infiltration by TD posing as a hungry wretch with some emergency rations to trade, the team discovers what is happening here. Guards, who are all wearing armored chemsuits with metahuman skin patches sewn on somewhere, manage the queue and keep things orderly. The hungry are let in, and sent to one of two machines by a scientist inside, and either drop their food into a hopper or are fed into an industrial dissolver.

Those that drop food in the hopper then head to the exit where they are given an amount of bag of chips that seems to correspond to their essence. Upsettingly, while whatever food they bring in seems to be the basis for the chips, one of the additives is from compressing some sort of enormous grub, kept out of sight of the line, with multiple piled containers showing they’ve been at this for a while. The ones sent to the dissolver all seem to be super low essence, when the team compares data. Following a slurry tube into an adjacent building, the team finds two more of the skin-patch guard pouring it into 55 gallon drums, sealing them up, and loading them in a van.

Mouse Dig and Creep are almost killed when Creep slips partway into the dissolver solution, but escape, and the team decides to wait and follow the van. Otters does so via van initially, but seeing that they seem to be heading towards the Blight, switches to VTOL with mouse Dig along for the ride, as the van battery won’t get them home after that long of a drive north.

They park the van, and the rest of the team, at Moreau’s, who is thrilled to see them as he needs to offload Dr. Aurand back onto them. He has hooked her brain in a jar up to a low end spider mech body, but says he will do no more for someone so unethical and will no longer tolerate her presence. He also seems to have taken a full turn against making biodrones, though he says he will still of course care for them at the facility.

Aurand loads up in the van, where Creep tries to get her to watch Roseanne, which she refuses. Meanwhile, Dig and Otters track the van to another old, abandoned Chrysler warehouse in the Blight, in the Toxic Valley Exclusion Zone, which also seems to have been reactivated. Some new duct and pipe work runs from the side of the building into the ground, and there is a high force ward around the structure.

Dig gets worried he got astrally spotted by something large, pale, and slimy and Otters sees something with a skin mask coming out with a rocket launcher, so they delta outta there, following the valley towards the lake, and are disturbed to find numerous drain and runoff systems converging into a major spillway into Lake St. Clair, the sprawl’s primary water source. So it seems like these people are also poisoning the water, as well as the desperate hungry locals.

The link back up with the team and head back towards the safehouse, before deciding they don’t want Dr. Aurand to know where it is, so they foist her off onto Leanna Octave, both of them seem excited about expanding their surgical and experimental frontiers together. They make some calls and Dig flies up to visit G’ma Biyu.

She offers assistance as well as some guidance for their plan, and they also enlist the help of Cehaulli, the somewhat creepy AZT mage and fixer. They decide to keep it to a tight circle, as surprise will be critical. Remembering some rumors they heard from The Swarm, they head out the next day to the former ARESpace/EVOSpace collab area past the destroyed Damien Knight Int’l airport.

Once there, Otters gets some more good data points for the Zap epicenter, and Dig does a massive Catalog ritual to look for parts, while Otters and the others grab some additional supplies from the safehouse after securing the area as best they can. After a mammoth effort, they have assembled two scrap planes, using up basically all the remaining parts, fuel, and engine components, which Otters is pretty confident she can get airborne, though they’ll have to glide from there.

They get a delivery of a bunch of fertilizer and other supplies from Pretty and other friendly farmers, once again massively depleting available stock, on Biyu’s suggestion, and her demolitions expert, a very full-of-themselves individual named Xero Dae, comes out and rigs everything up. Creep heads back to Hamtramck to The Trading Post and picks up another HE rocket for the launcher, and a rigger interface for Otters’ plane, so she can pilot remotely from the VTOL behind it.

Dig quickly learns a little piloting from some simulators that Otters has handy, and plans to fly his plane physically before bailing out as a bird. TD sneaks up to the first factory to keep an eye on things and be able to stay on comms to Dig and provide leadership, as that facility has low magical security. CG and Creep sneak up to the other facility in the Blight, Creep with the rocket, and CG with his sniper rifle.

Otters and Dig manage to get airborne, and fly the planes towards their targets, both gliding in to stay as stealthy as possible. CG manages to snipe another guy in a face-mask coming out with a rocket launcher when the plane gets close enough to be notable, and Creep hits the magical ward with the rocket, to knock it down enough for the plane to hit full force. Dig manages to fly his plane as a chimp, before switching to steering with magic fingers and diving out the side, turning to a bird midair.

Both planes hit their target factories and blow big, levelling the structures, as well as some of the surrounding area. The team in the Blight also sees a magical blue circle glow suddenly with some sigils they recognize from Cehualli’s robes as their is some kind of small implosion, and Otters has the feeling of something powerful happening that she is unable to detect, other than a sort of hair-raising feeling.

They link back up at the safehouse, and report into Cehualli, who sends them a big payment, but seems exhausted by his banishment ritual- he is thrilled the team came to him with this and excited to work together again. They then decide to all watch a new (old) flatvid that Creep has been saving for a special occasion to celebrate, and pop in some Harry and the Hendersons.

Deciding it would be better projected, they radio Ringmaster, who seems busy but says they can use the venue space at the Plat Zone. They head over and start watching, with Dig creating a magical contentment aura. Ringmaster is rushing back and forth but stops to say hello, and Creep mentions that the team was involved in the two huge explosions. Ringmaster pauses the playback and insists on an explanation. When everyone continues to seem too chill for his liking, he uses some kind of device that shuts down all of Dig’s spells, so he is suddenly nude and everyone is less chill.

TD pushes back on Ringmaster, insisting that the team remain freelancers who don’t “owe” him anything, and he pushes back on that re: the state of the city, and what he perceived to be the mutually cooperative nature of their relationship. After tensely working their way towards a middle ground, the team lays out what happened, and Ringmaster explains that he is not unhappy with their work, or even not being in the loop ahead of time, but instead with not being informed about the involvement of people he considers close allies in what appeared to be a major, random attack, for which he has been seeking explanations and doing damage control all night while they kicked back and watched vids next to his office.

They then kinda see his point, and everyone is feeling a little down, until Stitches comes up from the basement, fresh out of a gory surgery and needing a break, and they get the sitcom party started again. With Dig having promised Biyu that they’ll be looking into mystery vans again next, they all eagerly await Cholula’s report on what he found while trying to get a signal from his tracker arrow that he had fired into one of them….

The Vault Opens
9/25/2023, 9:21:53 AM
Runners
Creep
Chew Gum
Otters aka Roadkill
The Detective
Tabasco aka Cholula

The team receives a frantic radio call from a Cutters members named Lil Caesar at The Dom – Peregrine managed to open the vault, but something came out, caused some chaos and is now chasing Peregrine. The team loads up and races over, minus Dig, who is mid-ritual restoring the golems.

When they arrive, they find LC, a Scottish Troll, waiting for them, and do some quick investigating. It looks like 2-4 large animals of some sort charged out of the bank vault, through the lobby, down the steps, and down the street towards Downtown. Cholula and CG head out to start tracking the beasts and hoping to help Peregrine, while the rest of the team keeps investigating onsite.

Creep and TD question LC a bit, and take a look at the damage inside, while Otters examines wounds outside and determines that whatever did this has both sharp claws and some kind of multi-pronged horn or antler. The beasts seems to have been just bulling through a crowd rather than specifically attacking, aside from two mangled Cutters who look to have tried to get in the way.

Lacking medical skills and supplies, the van team heads out to catch up to the trackers, who have made impressive work of tracking the trail of destruction towards Downtown. The van catches up and Otters gets Morticia out front and spots Peregrine getting cornered into a dead-end alley by the beast- there are indeed four, and something is deeply wrong with them.

They appear at first to be mutated deer, but also have the face of a bear below their twisted, dripping antlers, long hairless muscled arms ending in sharp claws, in addition to their 4 hooved legs, and exposed rib cages, dripping some kind of ichor, which seems to disappear shortly after it hits the ground- looks like we’re dealing with spirits! Luckily the team brought LC along, who says he is decent at fighting these things, and seems like a bit of a wildass.

The team engages, and finds that there non-magical weaponry is hardly having any effect. One of the beasts gores Peregrine badly, and drives him back into the alley. Creep, Cholula, and LC charge forward, trying to save Peregrine, while Otters engages at a distance with the van, TD provides leadership (which LC happily accepts), and CG fires with his shotgun and uses his spirit to lower the beasts defenses.

While the non-magical gradually chip away at the spirits, LC is doing massive damage with his magic punches, and Cholula takes a hint and starts biting the spirits with his jaw. Creep also spots that all 4 beasts have some sort of antique collars buried deep in their muscular neck flesh, glowing with strange runes and arcane sigils. Seeing that the collars seems to be regenerating the spirits, they adjust their targeting.

They eventually manage to destroy all 4 collars and 3 of the spirits, with the final spirit only attacking CG’s spirit. Otters accidentally misses with the HMG and knocks CG prone (luckily only wrecking his armor), and then has a bright idea. Since the last spirit seems “freed”, if they all play dead, the spirit may accept that is has achieved dominance and leave them be.

Cholula, having raced to the alley, slams a trauma patch on Peregrine after stuffing his guts back in, and then also drops prone when he emerges from the alley and sees everyone else doing that. The spirit raises it’s head, paws the ground a few times, huffs, and then dissaparates. The team breaths a sigh of relief, dusts themselves off, and then races back to The Dom since none of them have any better medical ideas, with Creep hanging back to collect what he can of the destroyed collars.

They get to The Dom with the trauma patch still working, but find the medical staff there overloaded and under-supplied dealing with the other casualties from earlier. LC and Cholula race across the roofs over to the Plat Zone to restock, and LC gets distracted talking to Ringmaster about suit tailoring for dwarves, trolls and others outside the fashion norms. Cholula stays on task, gets what he needs from Stitches, and they dash back.

The rest of the team heads into the Vault to check things out and collect their reward, and find it disappointingly empty of treasure. They carefully check for traps, and then investigate. They find a broken summoning circle, where Creep recognizes the same runes and sigils as from the collars. It is atop a wrought-iron gantry set exactly center in a near perfect sphere made of brick. There are bone fragments and cloth scraps underneath it, which Creep slips through and grabs. CG does some astral investigation, and finds that the ritual has been disrupted, and though this still seems like a bestial magic locus, the leylines connected are fading back again a bit.

The medical staff says they’ve done what they can for Peregrine, but he’s still in rough shape. Everyone heads back to the Tin Can to debrief and drink while Otters secretly works on the van out back, so that LC doesn’t learn their safehouse locale. They have some fun before LC heads out, and then Cholula stays up late to recharge the van since Dig is still working on his rituals. It occurs to him that LC would probably like another electro-charge-bike, so he collects some parts and runs it over to The Dom.

There, he sets up a public charging station out front, which instantly gets swarmed, while LC madly pedals away. Cholula spots a draconic form flying over him, before turning into Brunwyn Harridan as she alights into the medical area through a window. He sends LC up to investigate and takes over on the bike. LC pushes into the medical area, and sees Brunwyn and Peregrine shaking hands, seemingly cementing some sort of deal.

Pushing it a little bit, LC asks what this is all about, and Brunwyn explains that she is taking over providing supplies to The Dom, and will clean up “the mess” in the basement. LC, feeling slightly intimidated, backs out at that point, and reports into Cholula. Cholula races back to the safehouse to debrief with the team. Meanwhile, Otters has taken the VTOL to Run and Sollars private library to research the bank.

With the help of The Cartographer, she finds info that a fur and lumber fortune family scion mysteriously vanished in the late 1800’s, after he developed a fascination with the spiritual and occult. He had been meant to run a new family establishment- the bank which has subsequently become The Dom. Otters head back to report in.

Meanwhile, back at the safehouse, CG has done a Ritual of Bone on the fragments, and gotten a small amount of info- TD oversees to provide some guidance. They determine that whoever this was came from wealth and sought forbidden knowledge, that he joined and investigated various cults and secret societies in pursuit of knowledge, and that some secret society seemed to be behind it all- which the team puts together is likely the Black Lodge.

Meeting up, the team shares all their info, and puts the story together as best they can. It seems like a mana spike must have occurred to allow the ritual, but it was likely corrupted by bad or toxic reagents from the time, as well as a lack of full understanding of how the magic works. It looks the caster was trapped and killed, and slowly ground to bits over the centuries since by the trapped spirits. The ritual circle was likely meant as a controller for the collars, which would have given the caster significant power, especially at the time.

Then, they decide that Brunwyn must either be behind one of the two SK Brackhauses, or have taken over their op to supply The Dom, likely wanting control over the bestial power center as their primary goal, though the good PR never hurts. They decide to look into the famine problems next, worried about more dark spirits gaining too much power….

Tunnel Rats
9/18/2023, 9:12:01 AM
Runners
Creep
Chew Gum
Dig
Otters aka Roadkill
The Detective
Tabasco aka Cholula

The team starts the day after the lab raid fresh, and begins discussing how to parcel out the info and who to sell it to. After some options and debate, they decide to go with Cehualli for a big payday with some options for non-monetary recompense. He is delighted, creepily, to receive the info and says he is glad they were finally able to work together. He transfers them a large sum of nuyen, as well as a sapphire weapon focus for Dig and a Tarot card for CG- one of the last few they haven’t seen before, the Chief Executive.

The team spends a while puzzling over the card before noticing what looks like a button in the holo-projection. They decide to delay pressing it for now, and Creep stashes it in his leg with the rest. They decide to visit Peregrine next, having requested to be kept updated by him and having received an update message. They head down to the rechristened “The Dom” enclave, and find it looking healthy and somewhat bustling. Aid supplies are being distributed out front and an informal barter market has taken over much of the lobby, alongside a notice board and wall of the missing, similar to the ones that Ringmaster and Deadline have been setting up at other enclaves.

TD tries to get a feel for any creepy/culty/etc stuff going on and can’t detect it, but notices that the people here seem to be working together symbiotically unusually well. Dig and CG take a further look at the leylines, and determine that they seem to be surfacing further, presumably as Peregrine makes progress on opening the vault below. They look bestial in some way, but not quite familiar to Dig, and using his arcanoarchaeology knowledge he determines that the locus was likely a mana spike in Victorian times, that someone managed to capture, use or contain in some way. This rouses the team’s interest to say the least.

They have a chat with Peregrine and he gives them some updates on the enclave and seems his usual friendly self, though his mysterious connections still leave them with some suspicions. He wants to hire them to secure transport of some supplies (food, meds, filters, etc) from a promising new supplier he is trying to establish a relationship with, but he’s been having some trouble in the Down Below from some former ARES/Mafia goons who have started up a protection racket covering some of the main junctions, including the point where the handoff is to be made tomorrow.

The team requests some time to discuss, and Peregrine exits to let them chat. They check and noone seems to be monitoring, though Otters is delighted to find a functional local mesh. They decide they want a share of whatever’s in the vault as payment, and Peregrine agrees, with some limits due to lack of knowledge, once he returns. Creep and Cholula head down to scout the route, and Dig turns into a wolf to help. Using their extensive tunnel maps and Dig’s powerful nose, they plot out as direct a path as possible while avoiding major settlements and intersections.

They head back to the safehouse, rest, and make a plan. The next day they head back underground a few hours early, with Dig and Cholula using a mindlink to stay in touch while each patrolling half of the route and using magic and/or might to keep it clear. The rest of the crew posts up in or near Knight Junction, where the exchange will take place, and quickly spots some plain clothes ARES goons filtering into the crowd. Since the goons haven’t spotted them, they decide to trigger an ambush, and manage to quickly take 2/3 of them out, with the other’s retreating, hauling their wounded and leaving their dead.

Meanwhile, Dig has spotted 4 more ARES goons wearing heavier armor posted up alongside the route, who start racing for the Junction when gunfire pops off. Dig and Cholula give chase and come under fire themselves, and have to fall back a bit, though Cholula manages to get word to the rest of the team and they set up a quick pincer. Dig hits the armored goons from behind with a powerful spell, driving them towards the Junction, where the team makes quick work of them with another fusilade, supported by two other runner types that Otters quickly hires who were scoping out the Junction.

As Creep examines the corpses, he notices that although they have ARES armor, their weapons and gear are all Onotari Arms. He makes note for later. The two other runners, who the team has recognized as the guards they saw via clairvoyance in the suite of one of the two Brackhauses at the hotel downtown, make their exit. A short while later, another well-armored squad enters, hauling some crates on air cushion sleds.

Although they are not branded or obviously labelled in any way, they are clearly SK, or meaning to look like them, down to the slight AGS accent of the one who speaks, though all wear full-face visors so it is hard to tell who is who. The speaking one passes over the goods and says to pass along the message to Peregrine that they consider this all satisfactory and will trade again in future. The other four pop out mobile field stretchers and load up all the enemy corpses and haul them off.

Otters gets the Mule drones to haul the supply sleds, and they carefully make their way back through the tunnels to The Dom without any further trouble. They hand over the goods to Peregrine, who seems quite happy with their performance, and tells them he’ll be in touch as soon as he cracks the final layers of security on the vault for their payment. He also tells them to refer lone/small group survivors to him as needed- he is trying to expand The Dom’s footprint to house more, as well as connecting other enclaves to secure safer housing for those that want it.

The team heads home, rests up, and gets ready to face whatever comes next…

Corpse Bonfires and BBQ's
9/11/2023, 3:23:24 PM
Runners
Creep
Chew Gum
Dig
Otters aka Roadkill
The Detective
Tabasco aka Cholula

The team all debriefs together after their separate missions, and decides that next up they need to take out Bloodripper, as he has gone from violent thrill-kill ganger to fulltime serial killer. They make a series of elaborate plans for trap scenarios and the like, before deciding their best bet is a simpler plan. They find a mostly empty shuttle parking lot in Dearborn near some factories, and Dig hides the van with Otters, Cholula, TD and himself inside under some concrete, using magic, while CG waits in the center of the lot with a ring of grenades strung around him, just far enough that he won’t be hurt when they detonate but close enough to be able to cover any direction that Bloodripper may approach from.

CG also reveals the existence of his own personal VTOL and private Bolthole, sharing the details in case anything happens. Some on the team are quite shocked by this revelation, especially Cholula, though they all also recognize it as a pro move and wonder if they should do the same.

Creep hides under a nearby abandoned car, and CG tells his spirit to start using powers once the fight kicks off. Having a left a note at their safehouse with their specific location, CG sends out a cryptic radio broadcast intended to lure BR to the note, and thus to the trap. After waiting around for quite a while, and believing themselves to be watching carefully, they are surprised when BR suddenly appears at the edge of the grenade circle, having spotted the poorly concealed trap.

CG explains that they’re just for lubrication and exciting fireworks, so BR spurs his bike forward over the line, and dismounts before embracing CG in a crushing embrace. CG’s spirit reports that it can’t see BR in astral space but that a Watcher spirit seems to be following/observing. As the team failed to trigger their ambush when BR wandered in, they scramble to catch up as CG is slowly being crushed to death- BR seems to think this will be a worthy devotional act.

Creep says “fuck it” and shoots BR, blowing off most of his armor, as Dig finally gets it together and gets the concrete moved so Otters can drive the van up and open fire with the HMG. Unfortunately, CG’s spirit uses the accident power on BR and he seems to attempt to protect CG from the gunfire but fails and trips, throwing both of them into it’s path. BR is killed, spectacularly, and CG is badly injured, though the team manages to stabilize and heal him somewhat as they race over.

With that settled, they scrape BR’s remains onto his burning, ruined motorcycle and let it burn. They swing by the Plat Zone to check in with Ringmaster, since it’s been a while, and debrief on all the dark spirit business. They confirm that as a syndicate hitman, pre-Blackout, BR was likely a devotee of Cernobog, and most likely has been manipulated by a spirit of pain and disease named Crepitus into believing that he is sacrificing to Cernobog while actually empowering it.

RM congratulates them on their success effectively ending the shadow zombie threat, though news of Shedim involvement is upsetting to him. Also, he has now taken to wearing a biohazard suit, well-tailored of course, to keep others safe from his HMHVV infection, as he explains he was able to avoid infection and is himself now also a carrier. He offers the same tech to Dig, who refuses, and gently warns the team again about the risk.

They talk about other Spirit threats- Famine aka Mezcallus Negh seems like the next biggest one, and they hope that Crepitus will be diminished by it’s acolyte’s destruction, assuming it doesn’t have others. Luckily, the Mafia got mostly wiped out and the Vory doesn’t really have a toehold, so they don’t think there will be any obvious candidates. They also figure they better deal with Pygmy and Li Wei at some point, who have joined forces under the moniker “The Blood Knights”, claiming to be hooders keeping Detroit free from the corps, which to them entails sacrificing any corpo citizens they get their hands on in blood magic rituals. Effective perhaps, but maybe not cool.

Putting that off for another time, they decide to follow up on a lead from Erika Knowles about some stolen ARES data and tech, and determine that it is likely in the possession of Tilda Aurand, the same doctor they were looking for in relation to the various collared lab animal escapees. On the way, Dig calls Grandma Biyu to float the idea of hosting corpse bonfires adjacent to food giveaways, and she eagerly agrees, since Ringmaster is also throwing in some support.

Biyu explains that due to a new local alliance between the Seoul’Pa and the Reality Hackers and the Triad, they will also be able to make these into the central nodes of further mesh nets as they continue to expand. The team, as usual, worries what all these alliances will look like when things reopen someday, but for now they are doing the best they can. They start tracking down the lab via the hacked collar that Dig managed to salvage, and eventually do home in on the signal- a facility seemingly contained behind and under a streetfront pet store.

Creep heads in to investigate, and works his way down a partially exposed secret elevator shaft. He is almost overwhelmed by some kind of venomous mice, who swarm him as he tries to clamber back out, so Cholula races in to try to rescue, and almost succumbs himself. Using some clever combo’s of flashbangs and smoke grenades, Creep manages to drive the mice hoard back, while Cholula accidentally covers himself in lube with a bad grenade toss.

Dig comes in and Pulses the mice after Cholula fails to Animal Control them and reports that they may be biodrones- which Otters thought was impossible due to size. They get Cholula out, and CG finds a pet wash station to get him cleaned up, while Otters and Dig dissect a sample mouse that Creep retrieves. They find it suffused with nanites, with no other implants visible, and Dig manages to Pulse in time to keep either of them from getting the nanites in themselves.

They regroup and all head down, aside from Creep and CG, who do some recon and keep an eye on things up top in case of a trap. TD holds up a note in front of one of the cameras in the store, which appear hardwired to something below, offering to talk rather than fight, and with the elevator powers back up and takes them down, avoiding the lubed mouse pile at the bottom of the shaft. They enter a wrecked lab, and searching for traps, Cholula finds that the defenses were all turned inwards when they were destroyed.

They find a series of rooms with bashed open doors, all also from the inside. though the enclosure cages all seem to have opened normally…. as they head further in, hall lights turn on and off to guide their path. They check out more experimental rooms, and finding some of the notes it looks like this is where the collared animals all came from. There are various destroyed drones around, which seem like the only facility staff, but which were only able to contain about 1/2 of the escaped test subjects.

Coming to final vault door, it hisses and opens, and they hear a faint crackly voice requesting assistance. They find a brain in a jar on the floor with a small speaker attached, and determine that this is what remains of Dr. Tilda Aurand. She convinces them with knowledge of the escaped subjects, as well as by leading them to discover her body, which is on ice in the back, with the lid of her skull removed like an egg cup. She requests that they remove her from this place along with her body, from which she hopes to grow a wimp clone.

Dig asks why they should bother, and she points out that the server stack is slagged and says she is the only source of the knowledge now. Dig offers to Mind Probe her, but the rest of the team figures it’s better to have a new friend, so he doesn’t. She requests they provide her with a visual sensor, so Cholula slaps one of his surveillance dots on the brain jar and gives her control. Otters notices that she has both a nice deck and rig incorporated, and they see that the jar seems to have rolled free of an anthroform drone when it was wrecked fighting an escapee.

She explains that Otto Hendricks sent hitmen after her when she fled ARES with all her data during Latvian Gambit to this lab that she had slowly and methodically set up in the background over years while planning her escape. That was when she was forced to freeze her original body and transfer her brain to this slapdash arrangement. CG assenses and she is indeed alive, and free of nanites, so they agree to her terms.

She provides them with a magical research paper as initial proof of the quality of her info, and keeps trickling more info to them as they remove her from the facility. This includes intel on various ARES projects- security dinosaur biodrones, Encounter Suits for more safely exploring the Deep Metaplanes, as well as intel about who knew what and when- apparently the Bottleneck portal closer devices, including the massive one that Vogel set off to end Latvian Gambit, were based on tech stolen from the mysterious metaplane of Dis, and the development of the ALPHA merges and the metahuman possessions of bugs on Colony/Vhortas were based on tech stolen from AZT from their cyberzombie research.

This is all big paydata, and the team needs some time to discuss who to pass or sell it on to. For now, they have a quick debate about what to do with Aurand. Dig wants to kill her, as she seems like a pretty objectively mad scientist with low ethical qualms about her actions, plus they’ve got what she knows now. The rest of the team votes to try to help her get a body and make a new ally. Giving her a few options, she chooses to be taken to Moreau for his biodrones expertise, as she doesn’t trust Ellis (a former coworkers) and doesn’t know Leanna Octave, and seems suspicious of her new turn towards nanotech.

The team drives her over to Moreau’s facility, and then settles in to figure out where to sell the data.

Shining A Light
9/4/2023, 10:19:16 AM
Runners
Creep
Dig
Otters aka Roadkill
The Detective

The team decides to finally follow through on helping Smoach finish off the Shadow Spirit threat in town, partially in revenge for Myrryr’s death. Otters fixes up the van and replaces the wrecked Mule drone with parts from RRR, and finds out that their numbers have been significantly reduced due to some treachery and infighting spurred by a local, now deceased, fixer named Florio. Rubberhead still gets them what they need though, and tells them that they have more shielded solar, chemical battery, and old-school combustion engines up and running for vehicles, drones, generators etc that they are selling around town. The team is also starting to see more local mesh nets up and running after they distro’ed the know-how on the radio.

Following Smoach’s freshest lead, they find a busted up combustion van, that seems to have been on corpse collection duty. 2 bodies left behind are possessed by Shadow spirits, one of whom was the driver who is scarifying his face in the ritual manor while still half-launched through the windshield. The team waits and observes while the 2 spirits extricate themselves and take some medical tools from the van, and then Creep sneaks after them when they leave on foot. Otters and Dig approach and take a look at the crashed van, which seems to have run into…. nothing?

Dig decrypts the hardwired camera footage while Otters secures the scene. The Detective ends up talking to and calming some locals who approached and seem super traumatized. As they calm them, they notice it has an astral effect- some sort of pooling fear dissipates. TD tells the team and Dig gets airborne to take a more thorough astral look, and sees that the path Creep is following the Shadow spirits on is one outer tendril of a web of fear that they seem to be reinforcing- almost as if someone is trying to create leylines or aspect the local manasphere in preparation for a larger invasion.

Dig reports back while Smoach uses his TM abilities to retain comms with Creep as he gets further away. They take another look in the astral and notice that their is Famine feeling coming from the North and West, which seems to be somewhat bolstered by the Fear and vice versa, though their effected areas seem to carefully not overlap. Using Dig’s astral map. Smoach’s surveillance intel, and everyone else’s knowledge of the city, they determine where the Shadow spirits are headed: the locus of fear Downtown, the cities largest emergency shelter, which also serves as the overflow morgue for mass casualty incidents. Reviewing the video footage from the van, it looks like Shadow spirits ambushed it with a invisible barrier wall while the van was full of corpses (likely either for ghoul food or cremation, depending), and then killed the survivor of the crash. A swarm of bats flies in and the bodies rise and take off en masse, leaving the driver and one in the back behind to loot.

Creep sees that the Shadows are trying to terrify and harass any people they come across, and briefly chase but don’t attack them. The team decides that they need to limit the spread of fear, and after all bolstering themselves against the existential dread of what they’ve encountered, aided by a happy spell from Dig and some Guts, they race down to pick up Creep and destroy the spirits. They make short work of their bodies with gunfire, and Dig manages to disrupt their astral forms with spellcraft, and then sees a truly horrifying sight- an awful ravenous bat-like maw visible in the distance near the Scar in the astral sky seems to consume the spirits instead of allowing them to travel back to their homeplace when disrupted, and seems to both gain power and become somewhat more proximate in doing so.

Dig reports this in, and Smoach shares some of his more obscure research, which turned up hints of the Horrors, and something called The Book of Harrow, that Myrryr had been obsessed with. The team, worried, decides they need to cheer up the town before they head to the morgue/shelter, and head to Biyu’s while Dig naps to recover from drain. He stays behind at Biyu’s to rest and learn an astral armor spell while the team distro’s food (to fight the famine) alongside a stirring spiel from TD (to fight fear) and some data chips that Creep loads the 10 best episodes of Rosanne onto (which are received with all the enthusiasm of a religious pamphlet by most).

They do successfully change the vibe a bit with the effort though, and TD can see that they seem to be constraining the spread of the Fear tendrils if not actively pushing them back. After Dig rests they head Downtown to check out the locus. They find it well-marked and signed as an emergency shelter, and it seems not to have been fortified, likely as a trap for desperate survivors to enter. Using their maps and knowledge of the DDB, they determine roughly where an emergency exit should be down there, and decide that they should hit it from both sides in a pincer.

While surveilling, Otters spots someone else also surveilling, so they pull back and used one of Creep’s LRAD’s to tightbeam a message over to the area, after Dig assenses and can’t find anyone, but detects a deathly aura that they all assume means Shedim. Recalling that Shedim have supposedly heavily infiltrated UCAS SpecOps, they think this may be the team they heard was in town, and assume that an enemy of an enemy could at least be a temporary ally? They get a radio call from Marshall Eugene Trapp shortly after, in which he circumspectly offers to pass along a message, and tells them to come meet with him in person to keep if off radio.

They head to his office in West Downtown, and he refuses to confirm or deny knowing of any sort of SpecOps in town, but goes over their plan with them and confirms with Otters that if the runners cover the aboveground exit, Smoach can guide the other team down to the emergency exit, where they will breach and drive anyone inside out into the team’s field of fire. The team agrees, and arms up with some rocket launchers and heavy duty ammo for fighting spirits. They head over and set up their ambush, with Creep making a large lube field while Otters rigs some grenade tripwires at choke points.

Dig hides as a mouse in Creep’s pocket, who has a grenade bandolier and flamethrower ready to go. TD has their flamethrower ready in the van as well, while Otters rigs the van and mounted weapons. They get a stream from Smoach who says he’ll follow the Shedim team in and maintain comms as long as he can. They see the team, very pro, having cleared a space in the survivor encampment around the door, apply det-cord, blow the door, and breach very quickly. They race into a long dark tunnel with flickering emergency bio-lights, all cement block.

After a long eerie traversal, they enter a huge morgue chamber, also badly lit, which the team at first thinks is strewn with bodies, but instead see are all unzipped, empty body bags. Smoach pans around and they see that all the freezer corpse lockers have been opened, with the sliding slabs partially out. It is very creepy, with no bodies in sight, until Smoach zooms in on one of the soldiers checking the body bags, and sees one of them unzip from the inside, from which a corpse sits up and detonates a suicide vest. The feed cuts out. Up top, Creep notices some ripples in one of the areas where the lube has pooled a bit, just before he hears the terrifying sound of hundreds of mostly bare feet running up the dark ramps towards them.

They prepare a bounding overwatch in case they need to advance or retreat, and slam some combat drugs as a huge zombie hoard charges forth up both ramps in a horrifying flesh wave. Otters cuts down the first few ranks with suppressive fire, with Creep supplementing with chucked grenades. The subsequent ranks stumble over the first as they fall, and slide through the lube field into the grenade traps, as Otters follows up with a rocket, and TD reloads the launcher. Dig is frantically trying to disrupt spirits in the astral plane but has to flee the sheer number of spirits that the team has disembodied there.

He continues trying to fry them but see that those spirits that can are taking to dead bats littered around the parking area in an attempt to escape. TD and Creep open up with flamethrowers while falling back, while Otters uses the remaining rocket and suppressive fire to continue scything through the zombie hoard. As they are further thinned out, the team starts to hear and see automatic weapons fire from behind the hoard as well, it seems some of Shedim team survived.

With the Shedim survivors entering and fighting with brutal efficiency on the astral as well as the physical, the team just manages to prevent a mass bat breakout. They may not have got them all but they definitely disrupted a lot, and destroyed the necessary hosts of many more. Dig and TD can already feel the fear locus lessening in power from their actions here. Without any further convo, the Shedim head back belowground, with only Creep spotting two of the less damaged zombies from first wave rising to join them, seemingly providing hosts to some of the Shedim whose bodies were destroyed in the suicide bombing in the morgue.

The team heads home to rest and mourn Smoach’s death, though he at least went in with his eyes open and chose to be there. They find Chew Gum and Cholula waiting for them, saying they have an upsetting report from their investigation into Bloodripper’s whereabouts…..

Against the Order
8/28/2023, 5:54:16 PM
Runners
Creep
Chew Gum
Dig
The Detective
Tabasco aka Cholula

The team gets everyone into position and triggers the assault against the OOSG fortified warehouse. Rose is providing TM comms support to boost the range of the TacNET, giving everyone some critical bonuses, while ChewGum and the spirits watch the back for anyone trying to escape towards the river. Otters keeps the van out of sight for now, running the RCC from inside the smuggling compartment, while The Detective rides inside, keeps an eye out locally, and provides leadership and oversight via the TacNET. DIg and SINder set up to provide magical cover for the assault team, while Bard is covering from a sniper perch.

The assault team approaches, with Cholula and the Windsor crew members Signpost, Smaug, and Lunatech easily hopping over the fence that rings the building. Otters’ mule drone gets hung up for a moment at the fenceline while also providing covering fire for the bounding overwatch maneuver. Creep sneaks up without anyone seeming to notice him. As Cholula turns to help out the drone, some panels on the warehouse wall drops and two of the ballistas fire massive bolts into the drone, destroying it. Bard takes out one of their crew with a well-placed sniper shot, while Dig keeps missing over and over with lightning bolts.

Signpost cracks open some more defensive paneling and those 3 slip inside, with Creep sneakily following, and Cholula ascending to the roof. CG opens up with suppressive fire on the back wall, keeping everyone trapped inside with the spirits on overwatch. The ballistas next turn their fire on Bard’s position, and he is hit and drops off the TacNET, seemingly unconscious or dead. SINder seems to be distracted trying to help him, and Dig manages to distract one of the ballista crews with another unusually weak spell, but it provides enough cover for Cholula to manage to light them on fire with phosphorus arrows.

The Windsor crew takes out the other ballista crew, as Cholula comes under fire from a crossbow-wielding knight, and a half dozen other knights charge and dogpile the Windsor crew, wildly swinging their claymore’s in some kind of combat frenzy. One of them seems to be the obvious leader, who Creep and Cholula mark out on the TacNET. They appear to be making short work of the outnumbered Windsor crew, so Creep and Cholula open fire on them as well, revealing their positions.

Dig also launches some spells at those he can see, and CG starts descending from his perch to breech from the rear and help. Otters moves the van closer for support and extraction now that the ballistas are out of commission. Cholula gets hit by a couple of stun grenades and is forced to retreat, and Creep has to fall back outside after two of the knights charge up towards his position. CG’s spirit manages to cause one of them to fall on his own sword during the attack, injuriously, and Dig snags the other one with his magic fingers to keep him from catching Creep.

Creep leaves a grenade behind and detonates it, shredding the knight’s armor. He still charges out in pursuit, and Otters drops him with the van HMG. Dig approaches closer to get into the fight as well and almost gets tagged with some kind of nasty toxin thrown by the leader. It seems to briefly increase his drain, but he feels like he dodged something worse. CG blasts his way in from the back and opens up on the OOSG knights who have been hacking up the Windsor crew.

Singpost looks dead, Smaug is badly injured, and Lunatech also looks pretty hurt but is sneakily hauling herself free over towards the pile of toxic chemical barrels in one corner. She starts fiddling with some tubes and wires connected to them when she gets there while Otters takes out another OOSG knight who tries to come after Dig in the doorway, and CG frantically dodges attacks from the 2 who charge him. The leader manages to counter a powerful spell from Dig, and starts swinging his sword at him after annihilating Dig’s spirit with his mageblade.

Dig dodges impressively well with some assistance from Otters and TD, and manages to hold the leader just long enough with his magic fingers to allow himself to escape to a safer distance. Unfortunately, SINder was trying to use his own spell to haul the KO’ed Smaug out the door to safety, and Smaug is cut in half by the OOSG leader. Lunatech seeing this, and with 3 knights remaining and them team out of good ideas on how to fight them effectively, and with the van damaged from another sword blow, makes a decision, and shouting “to the MOOOOOOOOON” ignites some det cord she has wound around the chemical drum tubing she has spliced together.

CG goes down under the OOSG assault, though his spirit is able to keep one of the knights from stopping Lunatech. Cholula decides on a crazy rescue plan, and takes a running jump off the roof of the van and goes into a sliding dive to grab CG and get them both out the back of the warehouse before it blows. TD grabs Creep into the van as Otters spins it around to put the open door away from the warehouse and the van between Dig and the warehouse.

It blows big and Dig manages to leap into the open side door as the van is blown towards him. CG and Cholula roll free with some more help from the plant corpse spirit, and get picked up. Rose and SINder haul a bandaged and unconscious Bard down, still impaled with a massive ballista bolt, and get back to their vehicle to head home and try to regroup, much depleted. The team heads back to their safehouse and rests.

The next day, they package up their assorted intel, and Dig heads up to Smoach’s to get help interpreting it. He promises they will help Smoach deal with the Shadow spirit threat soon. Smoach ID’s the toxin used on him as “Void Blast”- it apparently messes with channeling, and would likely have done a lot of damage as well if it had hit full on. He also ID’s a key sigil that the team saw on the OOSG bladed as “St. Hubert’s Key” a symbol of a sort of purification- he’s heard some Catholic’s think there is an artifact affiliated that can stave off or prevent HMHVV infection. But this seems darker, like they wanted to “purify” the world of the Infected.

This would explain the noxious chemical cloud over the part of downtown where the fight took place, where some of whatever was in the barrels is still burning, or at least smoking. Smoach also ID’s the sigil on the necklace the leader wore, which is what he used to counterspell Dig, as a rumored symbol of a shadowy group called the “Cult of the Great Hunter”, and explains that he had thought they were just a paranoid internet rumor. Supposedly, they were some 4th World humans who didn’t hide during the transition to magical downtime, and instead spent the time hunting and killing dragons, fae, and others while they slumbered or sheltered in their Kaer’s. As well as, rumors say, continued their work into the 5th World, and beyond, up to the present- though once again, Smoach says this is all just fringe rumor stuff, or so he thought.

With data in hand, Dig flies down to Brunwyn’s yacht, and passes it over. She seems thrilled that them and the Windsor crew took the initiative and dealt with the OOSG, and after Dig fumbles around a bit, gives him some money. She says that she has to rescind a few previous job offers, as some of the people she’s been seeking have been found, either by herself or others, in which case they did not survive. Someone else appears to be hunting the scientists that she’s been collecting. However, she says she can always find work for a quality team, and seems happy with their performance here. After casually intimidating Dig a bit, he leaves and visits Grandmother Biyu, who tells him she has another lead on the mystery vans.

Returning to the safehouse, Dig reports back on all this, and they decide to split the pay between Otters getting her mule replaced and sending a bunch to the Windsor crew. They also get some new updates= apparently Canadian separatists have blown the 3 main bridges from Downtown to Windsor, cutting the SE district off significantly from the rest of town. Cholula is still super stressed about the threat of Bloodripper, so he and CG agree to try to track him down.

The rest of the team decide to finally help Smoach deal with Shadow spirits, and start readying themselves to deal with that threat once and for all.

Who Will Tilt at Those Who Tilt at Windmills
8/8/2023, 8:44:43 PM
Runners
Creep
Chew Gum
Dig
Otters aka Roadkill
The Detective
Tabasco aka Cholula

While the crew is running errands for Biyu, Cholula organizes the new gang coop to strike/eliminate the 696 Slayers, who everyone has some degree of beef with, and who seem to be a growing threat to Motor City with their nihilistic embrace of violence, cannibalism, and a growing cult-like adoration of Gorechuk Bloodripper, who also problematically is still magically in a twisted sort of love with Chew Gum. Luckily Cholula is better at strategizing than talking, and comes up with a plan good enough that all members of the coop throw is some means of support, and the mission is mostly successful. The 696’s are wiped out, their current captives freed, their turf reclaimed. BUT- Bloodrippers escapes, screaming out a vow of vengeance on all who oppose him, and Cholula specifically.

With that problem dealt with, for now, Cholula returns the safehouse for a well-earned rest and links up with the rest of the crew before they head back down to the Old Dominion bank Downtown to talk their way in on behalf of Peregrine. They spend some time planning, and decide their best move is to invite the Cutters to join the gang coop, and spend some time getting couriers from the Keepers to deliver a dossier The Detective compiles on the proposal to all the members.

They have a radio call, and find that the different factions all have some different ideas of how voting, decision making etc should work. Some of the more classic gangs have sent a higher up to make the decisions for them, while other newer cooperative orgs have sent elected delegates with pre-approved limits etc. The team gets everyone to agree to assign Ronnie’s Raiders the task of coming up with some proposals for internal governance, which the group (primarily college students and teachers) eagerly agrees to.

For now, they get everyone on board with inviting the Cutters, though it also raises the question of what will become of the coop once the Blackout ends (if the world outside survived), as the Cutters will be the dominant faction locally, and have better international connections than any other member group outside of the Ancients. This is tabled for the time, as a “we’ll cross that bridge when we come to it” problem. The team compiles their proposal for the Cutters knowing what little they know about their local situation leadership, mostly based on an interaction Cholula had during Latvian Gambit.

Once Downtown, they talk their way into the well-fortified bank, finding that even though ARES cut the Cutters loose, they managed to hang onto a lot of heavy armament. After a comically bureaucratic process, they finally get through to Ripper, the local leader. She remembers Cholula, though seems surprised at his updated appearance and change of moniker. Using this friendly lead-in, The Detective makes the deal, though Ripper proves a canny negotiator and TD has to contact Peregrine to confirm a few changes to the proposal.

After all that’s done, they chat a bit and head out, and then get very stressed out when Dig suggests that Peregrine could be a Null Sect member, especially since he’s suspiciously new to town and they haven’t interacted in person. However, they quickly find a friendly dwarf walking in and introducing himself, still using the unidentifiable pan-Euro accent that made Dig initially suspicious. He pulls a power move of getting patted down and then passing over a wicked looking concealed blade that the security missed.

He converses briefly with the team, and then says he has to get to work taking a local census, addressing needs, and taking a look at the vault downstairs that he’s so eager to get to. Ripper had said they hadn’t had any luck gaining access yet. Almost as an afterthought, Peregrine manually lock picks his way into the 7 Sisters message drop, and Otters leaves a note for Astrid Case with their radio code. Taking a look at the astral situation around the bank once they leave, they notice that it seems likely some old leylines converge underneath it, though they can’t get a good feel for their initial aspect or for what might be at their crossing, as earth and/or other magical barriers prevent it.

Following up on a tip from Ripper, they go examine the nearby site of a blood magic sacrifice one of her scouts found. They ID the victim as likely being one of the Jaguar Guards in town with the AZT mage Cehaulli, and get some intel on the crime itself- a prolonged and painful ritual bleeding resulting in sacrifice to power the caster. CG also gets an image of his face using the Mortis Optigram- an Aztlaner man with a face repeatedly tattooed over and over such that none of the individual designs are decipherable. They call it in to Cehualli on the van radio.

He and The Detective chat a bit, and he reveals he had already found and investigated the site, and confirms that it is the work of the serial killer they are hunting, who he says is a Path of the Sun extremist heretic. TD still doesn’t like Cehualli overall, but he seems to appreciate them reaching out and views it as an expansion of their relationship, so he shares some further info, in case the team can track down the killer. They decide not to pursue it for now, but to keep their eyes open.

Back in the van, they get a call from Astrid Case, responding to Otters’ note. After she strongarms them a bit, she gives into their threat to reveal her involvement in the planning runup to the Blackouts, as she says whoever was paying her retainer before missed the most recent payment. In agreement to keep her name out of it, she tells them she was paid a lot of money for about 6 months of prep work, via a shell company she didn’t bother to try to track beyond the Carib League. She did pick ups and drop offs from an office Downtown, near the Senator hotel, but only ever directly interacted with drones or Camden Espinoze.

She gives them the address, but tells them the property was rented by the same shell company that paid her so they likely won’t get much from that. They head over to investigate, and find the office burned out in an intentional arson. Examining the setup, it was obviously rigged to burn professionally, and probably had been set up to go up at a moment’s notice while it was operational. It looks like the office was run exclusively by drones (which are totally slagged), and it seems like office sounds were broadcast over speakers while standees and cardboard furniture would give the impression of a bustling space behind the privacy frosted windows and doors.

Based on their investigation, they determine that this must have been the work of the Null Sect- who else could run this level of scheme, with this result, using only drones, with this kind of funding? It feels like solid inference, even though they lack direct proof. They head back to Biyu’s, and get paid for their investigation, as well as for the assassination. She also cooks them up a nice dinner as usual. She seems at least semi-aware of the Null Sect, and warns them against saying too much about them over comms, even in the Blackout, but compliments them on a job well-done.

They rest up again at the safehouse, and wake to some distressing news: Neverland Candy Shoppe has been torched, with no known survivors. They head down there to see if they can help, and find Lunatech and Smoach looking pissed, but unable to even search for survivors given the ongoing extreme heat of the shell of the collapsed building. Dig summons a water spirit, and Creep uses it to get inside, where they find a torched and melted body pile near the center of the blaze, bearing marks of archaic weaponry. They deduce that this was the work of the Order of St. George, and decide to put an end to them.

They say they will track them to their base, while Smoach and Lunatech round up their crew to support the assault. Dig, as a wolf, starts tracking, and then CG uses one of his spirit powers to make him considerably faster so that wolf Dig can easily pace the van. Cholula also tracks on foot but falls far behind. They find the OOSG fortress, a barricaded riverfront warehouse, with ease, but come under bombardment while parked outside discussing what to do.

Otters manages to dodge the flaming ballista bolts, and they retreat, finding a rendezvous point with the Windsor/Belle Isle crew. With roughly even numbers contributed by both groups, they plan an assault using bounding overwatch, with about an even split between the close quarters and ranged teams. Otters parks her body in the van, to use the HMG for covering fire while sneaking a cloaked Mule in alongside the CQC team.

Cholula gets shot at again while doing some recon, and thus confirms that the OOSG has at least some members who can see and target astrally, which also explains how they made the van so easily. This complicates things a bit, but just furthers the argument to hit them fast and hard. Everyone loads up, tightens the straps on their armor, and gets ready to charge…..

Errands for Grandma
7/31/2023, 4:45:49 PM
Runners
Creep
Chew Gum
Dig
Otters aka Roadkill
The Detective

The team decides to hold off on tracking down the escaped critters lab, and Cholula heads off to keep an eye on the 696 Slayers and start plotting the gang coop mission to take them out. The rest of the crew decides to knock out the assorted jobs they have for Grandmother Biyu. They head down to the Long Storage facility first and try to contact Static, the AI landlord, who appears to be absent or offline. They break in, and are nearly overwhelmed by the terrible odors coming out from many units. There are also a lot of obvious signs of looting and other break-in’s.

Luckily, Dig as a dog has an excellent nose and tracks down the unit they are looking for with ChewGum and necro spirit assistance, and they manage to talk their way in without any trouble, despite some home-built auto-turrets that Tator has rigged up. He turns out to be a somewhat chaotic-seeming dwarf with nano-tats, who seems to be a Technomancer who ended up in deep debt to the Triad. He says it was actually kinda lucky since he was in a Farady’ed holding cell when they Blackout hit, so wasn’t effected as many TM’s were, and now can work down his debt at an accelerated rate.

He has the pieces of the previous mystery vans the team blew up, which Biyu seems to have retrieved after they tipped her off. He also has a more intact third van, as well as a cracked-open SpriteLok. He explains that he managed to bust it open and free the captive Sprite onto the local hardwired grid, and when the team, worried for Static, asks if he say anyone else on there, he says it looked empty to him. He also agrees to free the Sprite from the Spritelok that the team recovered, since they don’t have a handy grid to let it stabilize on.

He passes on some intel he’s scraped from the van’s nav and comms systems, and Dig and Otters manage to retrieve a bit more, recovering another few days of Jackpoint logs from the first few days of the Blackout- it seems there is a lot of live information manipulation happening, and confusion as to where is or isn’t blacked out, what caused it, what’s happening etc. Also, there was at least one sighting of somewhere wearing a III Corps jacket who appeared mutated in a fight inside the ARCHology in St. Louis. Based on team file records, the team speculates that the Black Lodge portals used to construct that facility may have been involved….

They also review the info Tator found. It looks like Camden Espinoza, who they previously extracted for Brunwyn, made the offline GridGuide substitution as well as the hardened map devices that the vans use. So the team now has the route, as well as knowing a little more about Espinoza’s role. They also trace it back to Run and Sollars Private Library, where the map Espinoza used came from. They decide to head there later and check that out as well.

They stop by the port and pass along the small mystery package to a somewhat chastened-looking Triad LT, who is missing an ear. They then swing by the container graveyard adjacent, and with a clever idea from Creep track down the seafood container they are looking for via it’s massive heat output from it’s (luckily) still working AC. They manage to get it all loaded into the van as well as a trailer they buy from Rubberhead at the Triple R for this purpose.

Managing to speed by various hungry survivors on the way with no serious problems, the team drops off the seafood and reports in to Biyu, who pays them the first increment and also buys the trailer off their hands. They next head to Casa Aurelius and pull off a quick assassination, blasting the shit out of an elf businessman with CG’s shotgun from the open side door of the van before Otters speeds off while under covering fire from the machine gun mounted on the roof.

With that done, they rest up and then head to the library the next day. Luckily TD and Otters have good reps there since they didn’t call ahead, and TD manages to con The Cartographer into showing them the visitor log by claiming they are trying to help find out who kidnapped Camden Espinoza, as his family has been asking around. They get the name Astrid Case, ESQ, which Creep and TD recognize as being the honorific for a lawyer.

Knowing only one set of lawyers in town, they head to Belle Isle, and find Sahara Jones working for STV, having been left behind in the chaotic ARES withdrawal. Happy to see her previous saviors, she helps them out for free, and tells them Case is a local hardline corp rights attorney with a high fee who works for a boutique firm. She gives them the mailing address they have on file- an old bank downtown. They head there next.

The bank is under control of the Cutters, who took it over after ARES cut them loose back during the bug crisis. It looks like they have a civilian community there also, though the relationship is unclear. Dig notices an unknown number trying to call them, and puts it through. They make contact with the fixer Peregrine, who they’ve heard of but not interacted with yet. They agree to work with him to get an in with the Cutters, make sure the civvies are being taken care of well, and get him access to the basement, in exchange for him getting them the info they need on Case.

With some recon ahead, they start talking through some plans for how to get the Cutters on board, but since Peregrine is offering resources and material support, they think they can make it work without excessive bloodshed, though he seems open to a change in gang leadership as needed.

Critter Hunt
7/24/2023, 8:40:29 AM
Runners
Creep
Chew Gum
Dig
Otters aka Roadkill
The Detective
Tabasco aka Cholula

After retreating from the guards’ raking fire during the extraction of Camden Espinoza, Cholula spends some time tracking the mystery vans he saw fleeing the scene on his surveillance cam. He manages to keep pace on the rooftops for a bit with the movement power, but starts to lose them, so he tags one with a detachable shaft tracking arrow, and hopes to pick up the signal again someday. He then tries to get back to the safehouse but gets pinned to the ground with a spear thrown by Bloodripper, who wants to say hi to ChewGum in his own special way.

Cholula manages to start wiggling himself free off the spear, but his dripping fluids seem to have attracted some hungry-looking humanoids wearing lab collars- possibly the same ones the team has been hearing about? Regardless, they seem somewhat intelligent and attack with a pack tactic that proves damaging and effective. Cholula chooses to flee and manages to make his escape, retreating to the nearby Plat Zone for now to heal and rest, before eventually making his way back to the safehouse.

When the rest of the team arrives back from the gang coop meeting, they find him there, and decide it’s time to deal with both the critters and Bloodripper. They have the brilliant idea to combine both into one plan, and head up to 696 Slayers turf, where CG multiplies some food to impress the gangers (and hopefully stop them from killing for a bit, as they seem to have begun eating their victims), and instructs Bloodripper to hunt down the Critters for him.

Bloodripper agrees, behaving in an almost parodically chivalric fashion. He packs up some (metahuman?) meat to go in a tray from the school cafeteria, and the team heads off. They decide to check in with someone about getting paid to end the critter threat, and call up Ringmaster who seems to want them to look into it but is initially surprised they aren’t doing it solely because the critters have eaten some of their contacts, most recently some Keepers. He also tips them off that there have been reported attacks amongst the survivor communities newly moving into the DDB.

Otter zips over to Moreau, not having checked in on him since the Blackout started, and worried he may be involved. She also wants to drop off a radio with him to keep in better touch. She finds Moreau having fortified and extensively trapped the approach to the Bloomfield Nature Reserve, though from an aerial view, she can see paths in marked by small piles of meat, presumably so animals can safely find their way through.

She manages to make contact through Moreau’s e-dog, Buddy, and safely lands. Moreau seems like he’s been spending too much time with the animals and has lost the habit of regular speech, but otherwise “ok”. He does also seem to be feeding the animals metahuman meat and also possibly eating it himself, from those who come to the nature reserve looking to eat the animals there. He put up warning signs so he feels it’s only fair. Otters passes over the radio, and Moreau gives a tip about the rogue ARES animal scientist who might be behind it all, as well as a lead on some hackers who may have some info, the Coquillards.

The team decides to investigate the underground while Bloodripper is on the hunt above. They head down and find some survivor communities, unfortunately Dig has taken the form of a large wolf and terrifies the mostly blind (in the pitch black) guards they first find and some gunfire is exchanged. Luckily noone is badly hurt and The Detective manages to talk everyone down as they explain that Dig is a human shapeshifter and not the beast that has been hunting down here.

After comparing accounts and reviewing the most recent crime scene they can find amongst the poor fortifications and tent and tarp dwellings, they decide that this almost surely isn’t the same critter as the pack aboveground, and start to get worried that Ringmaster might be hunting when he turns into a werewolf. Dig wants to stop investigating and go confront him/protect him, as these civilians are worthless in his eyes, but Otters manages to determine that the behavior doesn’t match up with a werewolf of Ringmaster’s intelligence.

They track some old blood traces deeper into the tunnels, and all take Guts. This pays off when they are able to shrug off some sort of mystical fear, though Otters is partially paralyzed by a chilling howl from below. The largest Barghest any of them have ever seen charges up from the dark and tries to chomp on CG, though Cholula bravely dives in the way, taking the damage. Dig blasts it with lightning as Otters opens up with the guns on the Mule drones, and Cholula manages to drop it with a flaming arrow just before it gets another attack in.

They wait for the white phosphorus to burn out, and then Dig and CG start harvesting reagents while Otters gets what she can from the crispy collar. It looks like a basic RFID tracker with a shock electrode, but most interestingly has a number stamped on it. The team hauls the remains back to the survivor camp to show them that the beast is dead, and encourage them to better defend themselves. Otters rigs up a simple telegraph between two station’s communities, and show them how to do it by stripping old tech, and Cholula promises to come down and train them sometime.

They at least seem to have enough food- crates of old emergency shelter rations from earlier in the century.The team heads back aboveground and checks in with Ringmaster, who also seems relieved it wasn’t him behind the attacks, but spurs them to keep looking. He also tips them off to some animal fights run by ex-Mafiosos down by the Docklands. They head home and rest, but are disturbed to hear in the morning Radio Free Detroit that the 696 Slayers have been on a rampaging hunt across town and residents are advised to avoid them at all costs.

This triggers another discussion about what to about Bloodripper and crew, which quickly gets sidelined when they decide to go to the animal fights instead. There they find another dog with a collar, seemingly a loyal companion to the ex-Mafioso running the fights, after talking their way in by offering to do some vet care. Otters spends a depressing day patching up survivors from the Pit, but they do get some good info- none of the other animals have the collars, or seem enhanced in the same ways as the collared animals.

They get the info from the ex-Mafioso about where he found the dog, with a promise to sell him any more promising animals they encounter, and head up to Vendor’s Row to look for more clues. They check in with G’ma Biyu while they’re up there, who gives them another job as well as a clue- she had her people take out another enhanced dog that was roaming the area and attacking people, and provides the cut collar to prove it. Cutting apparently bricked it, but they get another number.

They decide to use the day old possibly metahuman meat tray as bait in a variety of locations within their search grid, observed by drones, while Creep cuts himself a little and the rest of the team watches his back at a 7th location. Luckily, nothing attacks Creep, and when reviewing the camera footage, they spot mostly various survivors excited to find free meat and asking too many questions. The only one that stands out is some sort of enhanced cat which seems very stealthy.

They head to that location and Dig manages to track it back to it’s lair, taking the form of a great cat and intimidating it while also using magic to make it more docile. It uses some of it’s strange abilities but Dig doesn’t fall for them. Cholula offers to try to knock it out with arrows, but Otters quickly intervenes and manages to lure it out and calm it. Dig hacks the collar and they manage to get the RFID signal, which they can probably use to find link devices if they ever find themselves within range.

Otters delivers the cat to Moreau, to try to rehab it, and they make plans to try to find the location all these experimental animals have been coming from after they rest up again. When they awaken the next morning, they find the 4 critters from the aboveground pack all staked to the ground outside the safehouse with one of Bloodripper’s spears, with a note saying that he thinks they found them all, and that though they killed some of the gang, they weren’t particularly satisfying victims. He also summons CG to visit him.

Guess the team better deal with that soon too! Perhaps they will take Biyu’s advice and turn their new gang coop against the 696.

Cooking up a Coop
7/12/2023, 11:03:26 PM
Runners
Creep
Chew Gum
Dig
Otters aka Roadkill
The Detective

The Detective manages to convince the other team (possibly one of the Brackhaus’ guards? Likely the one from the roof bar if so) to disengage, as Otters has successfully grabbed the target and spirited him away in the VTOL. Realizing that they are really blown though in terms of attention, Otters, Creep, and CG all sneak out under cover of CG’s spirit’s powerful silence and concealment effects, barely avoiding some very alert hotel security staff. The Detective decides they want their money’s worth, and rushes back to their room, purposefully dishevilling it before taking some Bliss in a filled tub.

The onsite security does room sweeps, and TD manages to bluff just well enough to not get in trouble, since they can’t find anything in the room, but seem suspicious about Creep having left without anyone taking note, as his arrival was noticed. Regardless, TD gets their desired soak and trip, so all is well, enough. When the other team gets back to the van, they find Otters’ surveillance drones waiting along with a note from Cholula that says he “went to check something out” and to leave without him.

They do. Heading for the preprogrammed rendezvous with the VTOL, they find Smaug and Lunatech from the Windsor crew waiting to accept the handoff and presumably deliver the guy to Brunwyn. Dig requests a little time to look into the wrecked deck they also snagged, and after confirming that they weren’t followed, Smaug sets up a perimeter. Dig manages to pull a tiny amount of data off the deck, with Otters helping to write a quick program to collate the fragmentary bits into something useful.

They find a few useful things: the target was a longterm MCT data and device architecture specialist, who had been targeted for extraction before (possibly why he was using an assumed name). He was looking into shared vulnerabilities amongst various devices, and trying to design a new in-house MCT device architecture that would not have the same flaws. He was in a virtual meeting with his bosses when the Blackout hit, his deck bricked, and he flatlined.

Dig also tries to read his mind, but there is nothing there- he seems brain dead or close to it, and only his wife’s careful ministrations likely kept him alive this long. They write up their findings and pass it along with the deck and the guy, which Brunwyn accepts as the pro move it is, offering them more work and sending along their pay, along with the promised “on-time” bonus.

They head back to the safehouse and rest up, and decide to look into Howell’s “unite the gangs and enclaves” mission next. Instead of calling him for more (/any) details, they just dive in, reviewing the intel Cholula has been gathering on his semi-nightly prowling of the city. They make a list of the promising factions to ally, and start making plans and dividing up work amongst themselves. They also decide to resolve smuggling out the Toronto Mayor and his ARES lover.

TD calls up the UCAS Marshal, Trapp, and hints that they have a line on a government official in danger. Trapp agrees to a meet, seemingly also not wanting to give up his safehouse location, they settle on a high end street market Downtown, which the Marshal reports has become somewhat of a trade bazaar during the Blackout. They pass along their intel and Trapp agrees to contact the lovers at the hotel and either keep them safe or get them out, he is light on details. But it seems like the team made a good impression.

Otters decides to do a little shopping while there, and they head down to the most red market-y shop in the area, where they see a classically costumed bandit dropping off some assorted loot. Wanting to know more, they try to approach, but blow it, and the figure rappels away, and they return to the safehouse. They take the next day off while CG summons a new corpse spirit into the body he was gifted by Bloodripper, and Dig has a meeting with his magical order.

Freddy Bales is there first, as usual, and is his usual obnoxious, helpful self. The others roll in, and Dig talks up the gang unity mission a bit more. They all initiate while Otters, who accompanied Dig over, alternates between watching and wandering the mostly abandoned zoo. It seems like the remaining zookeepers have had to prioritize saving the less edible animals.

After the meeting, Marjo-Lin gives Dig the Discipline Tarot card, and they banter about their somewhat at odds Mentors (Dog vs Lion), and ML says that Lion told her that she had smelt Dig in one of her realms- the Hermit’s cabin perhaps? Regardless, the card is a reward for his perseverance in getting Order going. ML also reports that the Keepers have lost some members to attacks from those mysterious collared critters.

After splitting up the job of convincing different factions to show to the big meeting, The Detective contacts Ringmaster, who agrees to host with Marv at the Plat Zone, specifically the Brickhouse, and to distribute a radio to any faction who attends as a reward. TD also gets Creep to make pizza, though he says all he can promise is a sauced flatbread, but CG learns a spell to multiply the matter significantly.

TD contacts the Keepers, who agree to attend. Creep heads out the Metal Maniacs first, and finds them seeming even more post-human, as well as seemingly “upgrading” some local street kids, who are serving as lookouts- it seems they are both expanding and fortifying. Creep decides not to become a Monad, though they make a good case that “our AI brethren need homes right now more than ever”. Leanna Octave agrees to send a delegation to the meeting, though.

Creep then sneaks up to the Blight and finds the Nightmare’s base of ops. This does indeed seem to be veterans of the Urban Brawl team protecting a civilian enclave, and he uses his sneaking skills to impress them into coming, though they say they will only do so if the Maulers aren’t invited. Creep points out that since the Maulers absolutely will be invited, it “could” be a good time to raid their turf, if someone wanted to.

CG gets Sikh Burn to agree to attend, easily, as a rep for the Children of Loxley, who have also been expanding, protecting the Hawala network and mesh net that the People of the Book have been building. Disturbingly, some malefactors have been targeting the mesh tech, as well as sometimes the people sent out to repair it. CG then hoofs it to the Bligh with spirit cover, and convinces the Maulers to attend, using his good rep with them for leverage. They seem depleted and a bit more desperate with Kong’s death and the various defections to other new gangs.

Dig flies around to round up his targets- the Ancients are an easy yes as he helped rescue some of them from ARES prison, though they are still a small faction. He then heads to north Oakland County and finds the student enclave, Ronnie’s Raider, where he once again encounters Freddy Bales, who happily introduces him to some assorted professors and Ronnie herself, who seems like a tech wiz- the enclave has a lot of clever sensors and traps rigged up of various tech levels.

Otters heads west to Dearborn to go another Red Market, and manages to make contact with a thief there who will neither confirm or deny if they are a member of the Ghunday, although the filmic bandit outift suggests they likely are. Otters passes along the invite, which includes the other guests, and gets a bad feeling this may just be a way of telling some thieves who to steal from at what time. Otters also barely spots a stealth blimp, and sends out a wideband appreciation text, but receives no response. Back at the Scar Wood Raven agrees to send some of the Swarm along, though he seems mostly interested in the promise Dig has made of a free power charging station- he has made another bike golem in his downtime, to leave running at the Plat Zone.

With everyone (possibly excluding the Ghunday) agreed to attend, the team links back up and heads to the Plat Zone to set up. Marjo-Lin comes by to perform a solo set as promised, the rest of Glock .50 having left for Denver after Latvian Gambit to start recording their debut for Silversound Records. She seems to have brought all of the Keepers with her, possibly lured by free food. The Swarm rolls up and quickly monopolizes the charging station, with many of them dropping off into BTL stupors as quickly as they can.

The Maulers and Nightmares both send small delegations and make nasty eyes at each other, but keep the peace at the meeting as promised. Marv sitting out front with his assault cannon probably helps. Lady Jain herself shows up on behalf of the Ghunday and seems to take a shine to/be working something up with the Keepers. Sikh Burn trades some tactics advice with the Nightmares, and talks about the experience in Hamtramck and what of the community successes there they can export elsewhere.

The Ancients, Metal Maniacs and non-BTL’ed Swarm exchange Blackout tech and implant tips and tricks with Ronnie’s Raiders, who seem pretty engineering focussed, and Ancients and Swarm talk about high speeds and hot races. Meanwhile, the team watches for trouble, makes sure everyone has food, drink, power etc, and TD circulates, pulling on their rep to try to get everyone to sign up.

With some impressive networking, TD manages to get everyone present to agree to a loose coop- basically they won’t attack (or steal) from other factions who have also joined. Both Lady Jain and one of the Nightmares make some quick calls after, possibly ensuring a backup plan for if the meeting went poorly isn’t executed. With that out of the way, the team parties with everyone present for a while, everyone rocks to Marjo-Lin’s sparse but intense set, and then one of the Metal Manias closes it down reading a posthuman manifesto of some sort, as Creep promised they could.

This kinda kills the mood, so everyone goes home. They call Howell to report success, and he seems surprised since he had a whole job planned, but figures this is still job done overall, so slides them some pay and offers some work as well. The team is getting a solid rep in town, and has good amount of jobs available to choose from, even amidst the confusion.

Find the Scientist
7/4/2023, 1:38:40 PM
Runners
Creep
Chew Gum
Dig
Otters aka Roadkill
The Detective
Tabasco aka Cholula

The team does some initial recon on the hotel that the scientist they have been tasked with retrieving was last seen at. Otters flies by with the VTOL, and even with all the digital security obviously offline feels like she almost got spotted. However, she gets a good look at the layout and general vibe- fortified but seemingly still a functional hotel, though with much more overt security than usual. Dig does a flyby as a bird and also gets some intel- 3 mana barriers are up, and he is able to tell that someone inside one of them is also thinking about the team’s target: Camden Espinoza. Unfortunately, someone behind the next mana barrier spots him and he gets slapped with a hit of pure mana before fleeing- at least it seems they were aiming to wound rather than kill! The only thing he saw was a flash of golden eyes.

The team rests up and finishes doing repairs from the last run-in with the mystery vans, and heads to the area late the next morning. They park behind a semi-wrecked Taco Temple adjacent to a news building with a large billboard across the street from the hotel. Cholula scales the building and billboard, leaving a camera set up to watch the parking garage entrance while he watches the front. Otters strings up some drone relays to keep comms semi-functional, and The Detective walks up to the front door, unarmed, and successfully both doesn’t get shot (there are some bodies stuck in the razor wire perimeter) and negotiates for a reasonable price for a room with an obsequious concierge.

Told that guests are acceptable so long as they also check weapons and go through security, TD brings in Creep, who hides a glass cutter, a gun, and Dig (in mouse form) in his pockets well enough to dodge the search. They find an unoccupied room a few floors down from TD’s room and cut one of the windows open, and Otters flies ChewGum and herself in, and then sends the VTOL over to perch on the billboard next to Cholula and await extraction. They split up to explore the hotel, with CG holding down their entry point and keeping comms updates going to and from Cholula.

Dig and Creep do some magical investigation with support from Otters, and manage to figure out that the lowest level mana ward seems to be a large MCT contingent, possibly including a family but with a lot of supplies and security. The highest level mana ward is the rooftop bar, where The Detective heads. They see a troll crooner singing his heart out on stage while looking only a little bored, and meet the Madame who oversees the establishment. Deciding to make a little harmless trouble, TD orders a drink for one of the two people making eyes at each other across the room while pretending not to.

And perhaps most importantly, TD tries to do some casual surveillance on the golden-eyed middle-aged man in the corner, who is attended by two similar looking female bodyguards- 1 appears cyber and one an adept, but TD can’t get a read on the guy at all. TD also gets spotted and summoned over, and goes. They have a brief but largely friendly chat, where they realize they’re looking for the same person, but not necessarily on behalf of the same person. The man tries to hire TD and team out from under Brunwyn, but TD refuses, feeling honorbound.

The man takes it fairly well, but says they will then be competitors on this job, though he hopes TD will give him a chance to hire directly in the future. He then gives a sharp whistle and his 2 guards leap up in unison and race to the elevator and stairs. TD, aiming for cool, stays and finishes their drink before making their goodbyes. Meanwhile, Dig, Creep and Otters have looked into the remaining mana ward and see that it encompasses the penthouse level, which has it’s own elevator key and locked off fire stairs.

Doing some careful, and higher level, magical investigation, Dig is able to spot yet another golden-eyed middle-aged man with two guards- this time a large Black troll with a ton of tattoos and a Vietnamese teen who looks to be a mage. Aiming not to attract their attention just yet, they head back to the meeting room and all debrief together. TD gets a feeling they were followed on the way and finds a hidden camera that they destroy, when they double back to check.

Putting their heads together, the best they can come up with is that this seems to be two people both aiming to appear as the SK archetypal Johnson, Hans Brackhaus. Since both SK and others use this ID for true and false flag ops, the team feels a little over their head and is glad to be working for neither, though the strong hints of SK association that Brunwyn gives off don’t make them feel much better. When TD head back to their room to take a bath and get high, they find a note waiting.

The woman they bought the drink for at the bar is requesting assistance. TD grabs Otters and they head to her room. She explains that she (an ARES financial corpo who took some leave not expecting the Blakcout) and her secret lover (the mayor of Toronto) were having an illicit meetup post-Latvian Gambit but are now stuck in the hotel. Worried about how an ARES association will play right now, the Mayor hasn’t yet left his wife as promised and doesn’t want to be seen in public- hence the glances across the bar that TD spotted.

This woman wants them to smuggle her and her lover out of town, in the hopes of beginning their life together. She seems fairly drunk. TD and Otters asks some questions, and get some useful info from her in exchange for agreeing to help. She takes them, wobbily, to a room that she says always has room service being delivered and dishes carefully stacked out front but that noone goes in or out of. Taking a quick magical look, Dig spots two tween teens, a middle-aged woman tending to someone in a homemade bio-bed, and in the bed itself: Camden Espinoza. He looks fried, possibly brain-dead, and has a burnt-out high-end MCT deck next to him. Looks like someone physically pulled the plug.

The team quickly fills Cholula in and rallies back to grab the guy, getting the VTOL in position near his room’s window. Unfortunately, Cholula spots a figure in camo crawling down the outside of the building, just as the team inside spots 2 more cloaked figures at opposing hallway corners. Cholula manages to narcoject the figure outside, and then Otters rams their unconscious form with the VTOL, breaking their gecko grip and sending them plummeting to their death, which alerts the guards below. Cholula fires off a few distraction arrows around the guards to keep them occupied before being forced to flee, retrieving his camera and Otters’ drones on the way.

Inside, Dig has made a huge magic hand and flicks open the room’s barred door. Creep chucks a couple thermal smoke grenades but throws badly and both roll back towards the team so the scene is chaotic. CG sends his spirits after the two cloaked figures, and manages to delay one with various powers while his cat corpse spirit is destroyed by the other. He blasts out the window in the room with his shotgun while Creep covers the family and Dig uses his magic hand to get Camden and his deck into the VTOL while Otters pilots. TD keeps everyone working together while trying to figure out a plan…. maybe now that they have the guy the other team will give up?

Outside, Cholula quickly scans the cam footage he retrieved and spots something interesting: just after everything kicked off, two of the mystery vans stealthily snuck out of the parking garage, driving off in the opposite direction of the fight before quickly turning in opposite directions off the main street….

Grid Pirates
6/19/2023, 10:26:18 AM
Runners
Creep
Chew Gum
Dig
Otters aka Roadkill
The Detective
Tabasco aka Cholula

Cholula has been haunting the streets of Motor City, checking out the developing gang scene. Some seem relatively pro-social, some less so. He begins hunting the most thrill-kill gang he can find, the 696 Slayers, further depleting their numbers from the massive hit they already took from the team (unbeknownst to one another). ChewGum stocks up on reagents (Penelope Bean is still getting a supply from…. somewhere?) and does some investigation into the mysterious critter attacks.

Using some intel from the Keepers and other contacts, he manages to find a site of a recent attack, and with a ritual and some tracking and assensing is able to piece together what happened. Some horrifying looking creatures attacked in a group of 3-4, ripping two civilians apart. The creatures seem very hungry but not malicious. And they are indeed wearing some kind of RFID collar. He pegs this as “needs further investigation” and rejoins the crew, meeting up with Cholula just outside Casa Aurelius’ guarded walls.

Inside, Otters and The Detective approach Corinna (the Nadja Fixer, seemingly in from Chicago) and Eugene Trapp, a UCAS marshal, who are discussing dangerous bounties in town. Otters talks about killing a Wendigo and Corinna extracts herself as Otters and TD chat edgily back and forth with Trapp for a bit- he is some kind of canine SURGE, and seems to make note of their scents.

As the party seems to be winding down, and they have other allies present they can ask for more info on other attendees as needed, they head out. Otters and TD wait in the van while Creep and Dig as a mouse sneak up onto the roof through the vents and then let themselves down in a guard blindspot that TD spotted. They get in the van and slip back into the smuggling compartment for now. After they watch a series of guests leave via various, mostly unpowered, conveyances, the staff and guards finally start filtering out.

They see the guard that DIg mind-scanned carrying a hard case big enough to contain the data cube, but he splits off from the rest of the guards and hops into a matte-black, fully tinted van that pulls up just as he’s exiting the building. Otters leaves the parking lot and posts up in a stealthy spot further down the road, and CG and Cholula set up in outside the main gate to the area, having communicated with the team via stealth VTOL.

They get lucky and guessed right as to the black van’s route, and Otters quickly scoops up the 2 outside the gate as Creep and Dig get back out of the smuggling compartment once they’ve cleared security. Otters tries to subtly follow, with the VTOL aloft to triangulate. As they continue, they head into the ruined area of Downtown, which seems like a good spot to lose pursuers. Seeing the van ahead slow, Otters pulls into a side street and sends the VTOL in for a closer look.

They see one of the white vans with the dishes pull up alongside, both side doors slide open, and somethings get passed back and forth. Unfortunately, the white van as usual gives off a brief burst of signal and seems to spot the VTOL in the matrix, and the white and black vans peel off in opposite directions. After a quick debate, Otters guns it and follows the black van.

Not waiting this time, Otters opens fire, damaging the vehicle. She is also gaining on them, and the other driver, while capable, doesn’t seem to match her level of skill. The back door flings open, and a short human inside fires a rocket at the team van, with Otters managing to avoid a direct hit but catching some shrapnel. Otters fires back and blasts the human back into the opposing van.

Dig magically sends his sight over into the other van, and sees a team of 3, plus the guard, with the human on the floor either dying or dead. They look like shadowrunners but not total pros. As he watches, the guard lifts the launcher and fires another shot at the van- direct hit! Massive damage, but Otters keeps them on he road. Creep and Cholula return fire, lighting both the man and van on fire, as CG orders his spirit to cause the man to have an accident.

Dig also spots one of the mystery boxes hooked up to a power cable, seemingly powering the van, and the team decides they better grab it. Creep crawls onto the van roof as Otters maneuvers into position to see the box clearly. Dig uses magic fingers to yank it free of it’s bolts but it’s still hanging by the power cable, which Creep manages to shoot through with impressive aim just as the guard fumbles his launcher reload and detonates the black van.

The wreck crashes and burns hard, and the team van is almost wrecked as well in the shrapnel cloud. The mystery box, though damaged, appears mostly intact, and Dig attempts to analyze it magically but can’t make much sense of it. There doesn’t seem to be anything living inside when CG assenses, so they head back to the safehouse to rest, heal and examine further. While Otters and the repair drones patch up the van and the golem pedals away, recharging it, the team sleeps and recovers.

In the morning, they call up Smoach and he agrees to come take a look. Dig says he’s got some tasks for the day, and heads off to Stanli the Candyman’s house/fort. The rest of the team reports into Howell and gets paid for dragon investigating and gala info, sending the data device over his way along with a written report on what they learned. He says he’ll examine it all and get back to them about it, but in the meantime he has a client looking to get some of the gangs in town working together.

Cholula is stoked about this since he wanted to do it anyway. TD bites the bullet and radios up Cehualli, and the AZT agent hints that he works for Armando Salazar, the AZT operative depicted on the Hermit card, He provides two tasks for the team, and offers to pay in info, artifacts, or nuyen as desired. One, they are to track down an ork serial killer named Pygmy who has fled here. Two, if they encounter anything interesting ARES left behind or lost in the move, they are to sell it on to Cehualli. TD agrees, for now.

Down at Stanli’s, Dig in bird form gets a tense introduction to a member of the Reality Hackers, who seems to have fled Seattle after killing a demiGOD. Dig, going against the team’s plan, sells this individual the Damien Knight snuff BTL he’s been working, and mixes up some alchemical drugs to go along with it to really heighten the experience for the topline customers. The RH-er trades him a very fancy attack-focussed deck and gives Dig access to an RH gear mefeed, if he ever gets regular matrix. Stanli also reups DIg on some drugs, stoked about this wild new product the he can now peddle to a local populace with a lot of hate for ARES.

Back at the safehouse, the team readies for Otters’ scheduled meeting with Brunwyn Harridan, though Cholula decides to stay behind to keep an eye on Smoach as he examines the device. Smoach manages to figure out what it is: a horrifying prison for a sprite, who in it’s frantic attempts to escape, generates the electricity the device is pumping out even as it’s code degrades into madness. He’s injured in the attempt to communicate, and suggests they need to free it onto a larger grid in the hope that it can stabilize somewhat there.

They share some beers and sad conversation, sitting together and pondering the darkness of the world. Smoach also reports that FTD seems defeated locally, but that the Shadow spirits are likely still a threat, and he has a next lead on where to look, when the team is ready. On the river south of downtown, the team finds the Austrian ork Baritone waiting for them in a dinghy. They hop aboard and he rows them out to a very sleek modernist houseboat, which CG spots as having impressive aesthetic flourishes, and Otters ID’s as also being very fast and potentially deadly.

They are ushered aboard by a German hobgoblin named Geraldo who seems to have weapons hidden all over his person- Creep is impressed. Brunwyn herself gestures them back into a tastefully appointed state room, and is once again dressed to the 9’s, though more subtly than at the gala. She waves away her guards when they subtly inquire if they should join. Based on the whole vibe and a quick chat via mesh network, they assume this is all an SK opp, so good to be careful, though it may be too late as they are already in the room.

After some banter, they get down to business- Brunwyn wants them to grab up some scientists, data and matrix specialists specifically, off a list of names that she has. She will pay well, she states, in a form of the team’s choosing, and a barely detectable tempestuousness crosses her features when TD dares to negotiate. She quickly recovers her charm however, and agrees to a short timeline for the job for bonus pay. TD, feeling like there isn’t another better option, agrees. They get some intel, and Brunwyn tells them where to meet and by what deadline.

They head back out, likely having just made a deal with a dragon, and link back up with the other teammates at the safehouse, where they see Dig’s impressive new deck, which he flew back clutching in his bird claws while using an illusion to make it look like a fish. They get another call from Howell, who seems to have been investigating along some of the same lines as the team, and reports that he got a lot of good data from the gala, but that specifically he wants to know more about a group calling themselves the “Grid Pirates” who seem to be the ones kidnapping TM’s.

They are also likely behind the mystery power boxes, which Howell names a “SpriteLok” based on recovered data., It seems likely they are selling/renting them around town, including to the gala for the event, though the renters likely don’t know what they are and are smart or desperate enough not to ask. The team reports that there is at least one surviving white van, and Howell says he’ll do more digging but likely have more work for them soon. Some of the worst news: the GP’s must have at least one Dissonant or otherwise corrupted/coerced TM and/or powerful sprite under their control, as they would be required to trap the sprites in the devices as the Faraday cage exterior of the SpriteLok is assembled around them….

Dragonspotting
6/12/2023, 11:04:27 AM
Runners
Creep
Dig
Otters aka Roadkill
The Detective

ChewGum heads out to restock on reagents and look into the rumors of strange animal attacks that The Detective picked up. Cholula continues prowling the permanent twilight feeling strangely at home. The rest of the team starts looking into “new dragon in town” rumors for Howell. Based on his initial intel, they head Downtown, with Dig arriving first in bird form. He does some astral investigation and finds some talismongers harvesting reagents, who take a shot at him when they spot a “magical bird.”

He then becomes a man to try to explain, and they take another shot at him, thinking he’s a shapeshifter- these don’t seem like ethical talismongers. He eventually convinces them he’s just a mage, and tries to get some info out of them but fails to catch them in an obvious lie and retreats. Meanwhile, Creep and TD encounter an Order of St. George foot patrol- 2 archers and 2 broadsword wielders in medieval appearing but seemingly modern armor. They approach peacefully and TD makes a judgement call to not try to ape their archaic speech patterns in case they take it as an insult.

The OoSG knights explain that they too have heard rumors of a dragon, and are hunting it as all foul wyrms are a threat to metahumanity. They seem excited to be hunting “worthy prey” instead of merely nests of ghouls and other flesh-eaters. They also obliquely praise strong leaders of a fascist variety to these don’t seem like good people either. Unfortunately, they do seem very well-equipped and capable, the team was hoping they were just LARPers.

They manage to exchange some info though, and get shown a high quality sketch of the dragon on a scroll that the knights say is a composite from multiple “enhanced interviews” with witnesses. After the knights also reveal that they are hunting a nest of ghouls in Windsor that the team figures out is some friends of theirs, they quickly make their exit and plan to warn their allies. Creep and TD finally arrive to Dig’s location on foot, and they track the pair of talismongers down again, with Creep hanging back in case of trouble. TD has better luck socially, and manages to bribe them with a certified credstick for some info.

They’ve heard rumors of dragon sightings from some sketchy street contacts and are looking for any kind of windfall- scales, spit, shit, whatever- anything from a dragon in valuable. They explain that their contacts are mostly addicts and street people of various sorts, and that many members of both groups are ending up Downtown as it’s a bit of an open/chaotic zone right now, with large swaths under noone’s control. They pass along a description, which matches the OoSG sketch, and also say their contacts refer to the dragon as “she” for some reason.

TD thanks them, and after refusing to purchase any of their sketchy wares from inside their voluminous coats, they head out to seek out a street reporter named Miles Two-Go that might have more info. They find him along with a bunch of riggers and gangers hanging out in the Scar zone- Dig is still feeling a bit bad there from the strange mana ebb but not as strongly as before. The crowd here seems to be racing modded vehicles that they’ve attached space rocket boosters too, having hauled a bunch over on horses and carts from the ARESpace/EvoSpace facility out by Knight International.

They meet the man in charge, a troll named Wood Raven, who seems like a philosophical speed demon, but explains he’s trying to give all the riggers and go-gangers in town something positive to do so they don’t totally lose their shit. The team chats a bit with a few Ancients that Creep recognizes from the prison break, and they also warn Lunatech (from the Windsor crew) about the OoSG threat, and she says she has to go make some radio calls. They also manage to get a few other Ancients freed from an obviously annoying conversation with the reporter they seek.

They find that Miles Two-Go is a scoop-chasing conflict zone photojournalist, and another mediocre-to-bad person. He seem full of himself, sleazy, and annoying, though not unskilled. He shows them some partial images of the dragon he’s managed to capture with some bashed together old-tech trail cams he’s rigged up around Downtown. He explains that if he got some kind of crude mesh network up and running he could get the cams to talk to each other and likely get better images as they could retarget on the fly based on each previous cams data.

The team agrees to help him out, reluctantly, but recognizes that they can use and then abandon him at least. Feeling like they’ve got enough for now, they head back to the safehouse to link up with Otters, who has been charging and prepping her drones for the night ahead. They stop on the way to steal some formal wear (black suit and tux) from a prom store Downtown that hasn’t been looted yet. Otters drives them to Casa Aurelius, and they find the exclusive gated neighborhood still has a few lights on, it looks like some industrial generators are powering guard station lights at the checkpoint entrances as well as some street lights and other public features.

if any of the visible mansions that rise over the security wall have lights on, they’re keeping it to themselves- candles, chemlights and the like are all that is otherwise visible. The team heads in- SIN scanners are still down so they breeze through with their gala tickets, with Dig as a mouse hidden in Creep’s pocket, and Creep hidden in the smuggling compartment. They stop at another fancy clothes store, this one seems to be open, and get some accoutrements and additional items to spruce up their looks, though the proprietor seems annoyed at being unable to custom tailor the garments at the moment.

TD successfully navigates the uptight rich lady social dynamic though, and they head to the gala, with Creep and Dig sneaking out a few blocks away. TD and Otters wait in the van til Dig and Creep make their entrance to make sure there aren’t any issues that require assistance or extraction. Dig creates an illusion of some teens setting off fireworks and cursing at the guards before running away, with Creep using a carefully buried flashbang to help sell it. The guards give chase, and Creep manages to melt a small hole in the door just before another pair of guards comes around the building to replace them.

Dig shifts into cockroach form, and squeezes through the welded hole, turning back to a man inside and pushing the door open for Creep. Creep is appalled at Dig’s lack of stealth in doing so, especially since the only reason the fire alarm didn’t go off appears to be the lack of wireless. They sneak up to the 3rd floor and find a weird shielded data cube with no ports and a number of cables running out of it. It looks newly, but securely, installed. Creep tries to get a data tap into one of the cables, but they seem to be outputting electricity only- nothing goes in, and no data goes either way. A mystery!

Meanwhile, TD and Otters successfully enter, passing through a mana barrier after showing their tickets to the bored teens and young adults staffing the gala. The security staff seems much more alert and competent, but still a bit complacent inside. They find a candlelit event room, 3 stories high, topped with a cupola letting in some of the strange starlight. An 8-person orchestra is playing some atonal modern classical that seem to be creating an audio dithering effect, allowing for the feel of a full room of people talking while also creating some privacy for the individual conversations.

They take a quick survey of the room, and notice some interesting individuals around, as well as few friendly faces (Ringmaster, Pretty, and Ellis are all in attendance). Upstairs, Creep and Dig have managed to sneak into the ductwork and navigate to a duct overlooking the gala, and successfully manage to hand off the device they snuck in to TD via sleight of hand, without security noticing anything. However, a few people in the crowd seem perhaps to have spotted it- interesting.

Creep and Dig surveil astrally and aurally while TD and Otters begin circulating. The pair on foot initially spend some not very productive time talking to a city councilor (the lone survivor of the Shadow attack on the council), who is speaking to an empty chair. After TD determines that no entity occupies the chair, and that the man seems to be badly in the grip of PTSD, they make a polite exit. Creep overhears the museum curator and host, Stella Hoargrave, doing her bubbly socialite thing, but seemingly with a bit of a frantic edge. She performs her one tiny magical ability of making small lights over and over with a canned bit about it finally being useful.

Dig spots a few different magical beings in the crowd, but focuses his efforts on seeking anyone with knowledge of technomancer kidnapping. His first spotting: Rose and SINder! A technomancer and her brother, who seem to be thinking a lot about missing TM’s. Also, this is likely the other runner team that Howell told them would be doing the other half of the job while the team carries around the device he gave them. Dig decides not to make contact, but tells the rest of the team that the pair is there.

Otters and TD next approaches two very fashionable elf woman, both of whom might have witnessed the device handoff. The first seems to be a Nadja clone (or Nadja Daviar herself?) and they steer clear for now, but the second woman has eyes perfectly matching the description and image of the dragon! She introduces herself as Brunwyn Harridan, and her bodyguard as Baritone, and seems delighted to make their acquaintance. Otters advertises herself as a local expert, and they set up a meeting for the following day to discuss things further, before Brunwyn gets back to socializing.

Otters then heads over to chat with some professorial looking types, happy to hear that they are discussing hard sciences instead of liberal arts, but fails to insert himself into their convo until TD makes it work. They discuss the rift and the footage Otters got inside the Scar right after it was created, as well as both prof’s theories- Simone Palomer is an astral travel expert and Vinh Trong is a “rules of magic” specialist, carrying a large bound tome mounted to his chest in a modified baby bjorn.

After they say their goodbyes with a promise to continue sharing info, Otters heads off to chat up Red, the vampire, and TD heads over to a mysterious troll woman who seems noticeably unobtrusive to TD’s studied eye. Red seems amiable and he and Otters chat for a bit about threats in town and the worsening situation for the Infected in Chicago. TD finally manages to corner the troll woman, and discovers that it is Patricia Loveland, who agrees to talk after confirming that “the abomination” (aka Cholula) is not present.

Loveland warns TD again about the threat of even “friendly” bugs, and TD tries to counter with more experiential data, which Loveland brushes off, saying she’s read the Jackpoint posts, and disagrees with the Monad comparison. Unable to reach a common ground on BETAS, they agree to leave it there for now and discuss other issues. Loveland shares some info about other party guests as a sign of good faith- her fellow expat DeeCee operatives Cass Wandering Horse and Sahara Jones (now working for STV it seems) are both there, as is an AZT mage named Cehualli and a few other interesting individuals.

Otters helps ID one of them, a buff troll woman, as an ARES heavy hitter named Ruby- kind of a one-woman clean-up crew. Both she and Loveland wonder why ARES left Ruby behind, and who she might be hunting. The whole crowd also turns to watch the final, stylishly late, attendees arrive- a Tir royal throuple, entering ethereally bedecked in high Elven fashion. Otters makes a quick stylistic analysis and guesses they are Tir Tairngire rather than Tir na nOg, but isn’t sure. Regardless, intriguing….

Dig, hiding still and magically scanning, spots the newest member of his magical order, Freddy Bales, introducing an older also visibly wealthy man who could be his father to the 2 professors. Loveland hints to TD of Black Lodge presence in town. The team spots Julia Pesina wandering the crowd with her ever-more battered camera drone Grover in tow, filming guests and getting short interviews, though some guests seems to intentionally avoid her. TD heads over to the AZT mage after Otters confirms with Red that the farm and their neighbors have been suffering some crop failures, and warns them of the corrupted AttakPak snacks.

TD tries to shock the mage into admitting some knowledge of corruption or other things but he manages to get them on their backfoot instead by referencing the team’s extensive recent use of Tarot cards. He suggests he’s just as happy to be an enemy as a friend, and TD chooses friend (for now at least). They have some loaded banter for a while before Cehualli suggests they ought to discuss things further soon, in more privacy. As this convo wraps up, Dig finally gets another hit on his spell: one of the guards is thinking of kidnapping TM’s! Dig ID’s the guard to the rest of the crew and they start pivoting the job over into a kidnap mission.

Slow Motion Car Chase
6/5/2023, 11:02:40 AM
Runners
Creep
Chew Gum
Dig
Otters aka Roadkill
The Detective

The Detective, while wandering around and checking in on the city and their contacts, has collected some intriguing new rumors to follow up on. The Keepers warn of strange animal attacks, with the animals all seen wearing some sort of collar. There is a new, well-resourced, fixer named Peregrine setting up operations Downtown. Food hoarding is becoming obvious and may lead to shortages. Blight gangs are running newly amok without Kong or ARES to restrain them. And there’s a hot new snack on the street- AttakPak! TD tracks some of these snacks down and eats half a bag, as well as doing their best to analyze them- they seem filling but not nutritious, perhaps useful but a little dangerous in these hungry times. They do some astral analysis and notice some dark magic on the half-full bag but fail to get further info.

They head back to the safehouse and link up with everyone else, who is recuperating from the FTD ambush, and they collectively debrief. CG offers to take a deeper astral look at TD post- summoning a new plant spirit, after Dig fails to get any useful info. Everyone patches themselves up as best they can and rests a bit while some calls with more job offers come in on the radio. Howell wants them to investigate some dragon rumors and also do some intel gathering at a gala, Grandmother Biyu wants them to acquire an abandoned bread truck and keep looking into mystery vans/TM kidnapping.

Biyu also asks for contact info for the Skins gang, having heard they took a beating during the FTD ambush. She seems excited about the prospect of them teaming up with the Triad to gain some further status/supply/protection in exchange for help moving product, food, etc through the DDB tunnels, avoiding some of the dangers present on the surface, with an increasingly stressed out populace becoming more and more agitated each day the Blackout drags on. Dig and the team agree and pass along the info, though they start to wonder if they may someday be too deep in the Triad’s pocket.

They finally search the Mage on the Hill’s duffel, and find a collapsed masked ward, which likely fell apart when he died. Inside, amidst various dingy changes of clothes and an empty book, they find another one of the Tarot Queens, and spend some time analyzing it and guessing what it might do. They also realize that they once again have all 4 fours in their possession, and after identifying the common “heart” imagery amongst them, manage to activate the set and change the cards into 4 vials. Otters drinks hers immediately and finds herself feeling very loyal to CG. CG then drinks his and feels very beneficent to himself.

Dig suggests that maybe this is some sort of “love potion” so both Dig and TD hold onto their doses for now, awaiting a better use. They rest, and the Golem bikes away, recharging their tech. The next day, after CG summons a new spirit to replace the ones he lost in the ambush, the spirit analyzes the AttakPak snacks and TD as well, and finds traces of Corruption magic on both. This rings a bell for CG, who remembers discussing a famine spirit with Cass Wandering Horse. The team also gets worried about possible connections to Taco Temple, since they still haven’t quite figured that one out.

With food feeling a bit urgent and the gala not for a few days yet, they decide to tackle the bread truck first. They do some recon passes (Otters in a VTOL and Dig as a bird), and find the truck parked directly behind a private school for mid-level corpo kids. It looks like it had pulled up the loading dock the night of the Blackout and then got abandoned. An incipient go-gang seems to have taken over the school lot for their own use, and the team ID’s them as the newly formed 696 Slayers, who seem to be made up of some riggers and some ex-Maulers.

They also seem to have some prisoners, and based on their human skin flag and their Reaver-style vehicle decorations and home-made weaponry, these guys look pretty dark and fucked up. But the truck seems intact so game on! They make a plan and head over once night falls, hoping some of the gang will be out raiding or whatever. Creep sneaks up while the van parks a ways back, but he spots one of the mystery vans cruising by on a side street, and weirder yet, gets a burst of wireless signal from it. He races back to the van and they give chase, with Dig and Morticia getting airborne to assist.

Through some skillful driving and excellent triangulation, Otters manages to track the van down, catching another wireless burst- however, as the team’s devices all ping back, the other van also notices them. They start blasting at each other while Otters gives chase. The other driver seems quite skilled and almost surely a rigger, but not quite as good as Otters. They manage to critically damage the other van and Creep attempts a boarding action but just misses and crashes to the road, which turns out to be good as the other van slows to a halt and then explodes.

The team van is badly damaged, but still functional, so they gather what intel they can from the scene (not much) and head back to the bread heist. Otters deploys the mules and creeps the van up into LOS, while Creep sneaks in again. He cuts into the bottom of the truck and confirms that there is A LOT of bread in there, and then guides Otters in to access the manual controls and get it in neutral, while he sets a grenade trap closer to the gangers. Dig summons a massive beast spirit to help push the truck and then flies over the gangers in the schools quad/field to try to distract them.

He finds them doing some gnarly torture under hot lights that they seems to be running off a poorly-maintained school generator, and uses mob mood to amp up their blood frenzy. After quartering two captives with their combo of electric and diesel vehicles (presumably also charged or filled off the gennie), half of them head out, leaving the other half of the gang on foot. It seems like in a Blackout even go-gangs have to make sacrifices.

Creep doubles back to help Otters after she gets halfway through figuring out manual controls and then gives up in frustration, and finishes the job. Otters sneaks back to the van under concealment from CG’s spirit as CG and TD sneak up to the van, CG steering while TD gets on the roof to act as lookout and support. Creep lubes up the initial push zone to help get it rolling and then manages to yank open the fence gate on the back of the lot, but this causes a lot of noise, and the remaining gangers respond.

The first batch of them to arrive set off the grenade trap and are all killed or badly injured, and the rest take cover while taking the occasional pot shot. Between the 2 mules pulling and the spirit pushing, they get it slowly moving, but CG is initially unable to get his spirit to use the movement power effectively, so Otters repositions the van and cuts down the remaining gangers with the turret, while Creep climbs atop the truck and also picks a few off. Unfortunately one of them seemed to be talking to someone on a big whip antennae radio, so they get worried there may be more coming.

They keep pushing as best they can and are struggling a bit until Otters brings the van in behind to help push, and CG finally gets his spirit to add some magical movement. Now they’re cruising- still very slow, but steady. Unfortunately, TD spots and smells a diesel smoke cloud and they hear some loud engine noises approaching. The leader of the gang, who Dig had ID’ed as one “Bloodripper” from his earlier surveillance, appears to have some cruel looking home-made spears he is preparing to throw. Otters fires on them, as does Creep, and they manage to take a few gangers out, crashing their bikes, but Bloodrippers nails Creep with a spear, near killing him.

TD frantically tries to save Creep’s life, managing to help stabilize him, while providing leadership for the team. CG is keeping the truck on the road, and Dig uses an illusion to distract the gangers, though Bloodripper doesn’t fall for it. Otters tags him with some fire from one of the mules, and Bloodripper takes out the van with another spear. Dig tries to catch the other gangers in a big spell, but it flops, and they are feeling pretty desperate. Otters manages to get the van safely stopped but is stuck inside, since CG can’t stop the truck if they want to get it to Biyu. They inevitably leave Otters behind, with her trying to get the mules in to defend herself as the gangers start cutting into the van with large diesel saws.

Dig, needing a hail mary, tells CG to prepare to shout as loud as he can to leave, and flies down as a bird and chucks his “love potion” at Bloodripper, scoring a direct hit. The gangers keep cutting into the van as CG tells them to go home. Amazingly, Bloodripper responds, calling off the goons and they all peel out back towards the school. Dig flies surveillance for a few hours while Otters patches the van up enough to be able to limp home, with the near invisible mules firing off occasional shoots over the heads of anyone who comes close.

CG and TD arrive out front of Biyu’s and CG slams the brakes for the first time, with TD having to grab the spear impaling Creep to keep from flying off the top. They also share the info they gathered about the mystery van. Biyu seems thrilled and says that she can deal with the bread and truck from here, and offers 3 payment options- they choose the highest nuyen value, though that won’t be immediately useful most places, in honor of Creep’s wishes, and then haul Creep back to the safehouse to try to patch him back up. It looks like he’ll have some permanent internal damage from this one. Otters slowly rolls in with the busted van shortly after, and everyone crashes after a long day.

They take the next day off to heal and patch up, and get gala details from Howell. They start planning outfits and who will attend vs who will be in support roles. They also get the latest news updates from Radio Free Detroit- it seems like they’re stuck here for now, with the UCAS declaring martial law and MET2000 locking down all city exits, but the Blackout Blitzes have continued to provide occasional supply drops, and Otters is thrilled to find that the Trading Post is still semi-operational, and gets yet another repair drone. With everything recharged and repaired, they get ready to party.

WE DON'T FEAR THE DARK
5/29/2023, 12:23:53 PM
Runners
Creep
Chew Gum
Dig
Otters aka Roadkill
Tabasco aka Cholula

The team convinces the Mage on the Hill to assist them, though he seems somewhat disgusted by their unique style of banter. However, he swore a pact and must aid when asked, so he will. They also discuss whether to use any other Tarot, and CG pulls out the Queen he was given to summon aid later, if the situation seems desperate enough to pay the currently unknown cost. They take the freshly golem-charged van with 2 Mule drones and the crew all loaded up down to Belle Isle for the ritual/ambush. Unable to reach The Detective, who’s off checking up on contacts, they leave without them.

Upon arriving, they coordinate with the ritualists, who are actively working, and pick spots to set themselves and their allies up for the ambush. They put Myrryr on surveillance on the far eastern point, to watch for what they consider an unlikely approach over the water. The post the Mage on the Hill atop the SE building, CG on the central north building, Creep on the edge of the ritual to the west in hiding, Otters in the smuggling compartment in the van, harwired in, with the Mules within short distance antenna range, and Dig and Cholula atop the central ritual building, the highest point.

They assign the Windsor crew to the north edge of the bridge from mainland Detroit, but tell them to come up behind anyone who comes over it for a pincer. They have Rains and the Skins wait inside the ritual effect area as a reserve to mask their auras, but tell them to keep an eye towards the southern bridge towards Windsor. Then, they wait, with some bird control and flashlight signals planned with comms all fucky as they are.

Shortly thereafter, the Windsor crew reports two buses seemingly running on magic stuffed with Shadow zombies coming from the north bridge, while the Mage on the Hill reports a mass of ghouls with a strange astral signature coming from the south bridge. Creep jumps on the lead Shadow bus and shoots the driver through the windshield, while CG instructs his spirits to use their accident powers on those inside. The Windsor crew engages the second bus in a firefight, pulling it off the attack.

Rains and crew rush out to fight the ghoul swarm, pulling about half of them off, while Otters begins firing between van and Mules into their midst, dropping many but not slowing them at all- they seem to be moving unnaturally, both in terms of their speed and the way they move- it almost looks like the murmurations of a flock of birds. Otters, as an animal enthusiast, makes note to pay attention to this as the fight continues, and incorporates into her targeting solutions as best she can.

Cholula blasts off a fire arrow at the first zombie bus as Creep finishes off the driver and dives off. The bus careens into one of the buildings and a bunch of zombies tumble out, some lighting themselves on fire on the way, though not seeming to particularly care. Otters manages to cut a chunk of them down with auto-fire before the ghoul mob swarms the van, doing a surprising amount of damage. CG activates the Queen card, and flaming sword manifest, with a voice saying that it will protect him.

Creep gets up behind the zombies and flamethrows a few more, before the remaining 5 surround and nearly kill him. Thinking him dead, they carve some strange marks into his skin before rejoining the fight. Meanwhile, the Mage on the Hill has reported that he cannot sense their scout to the east (Myrryr) and fears an attack, and CG heads out to check on her, coming under nearly fatal attack from the FTD vampire leader amidst his customary bat swarm. Dig blasts the bats with a huge spell as a spirit appears and takes control of the flaming swords and starts clearing out the wounded bats.

With the vampire now exposed, Dig and CG’s spirits start targeting it as CG reloads to wood rounds in his shotgun. Unfortunately the Shadow Succubus has used all this chaos to sneak up to the ritual building and gets Cholula to shoot at Dig, narrowly missing due to Dig’s defensive spells. The Mage on the Hill starts levitating over to help and then goes astral to fight the spirit, doing some massive damage before getting one-hit killed and falling to the ground, where his corpse bursts apart. The Succubus then races over and seems to destroy the Tarot spirit, which has badly wounded the vampire.

Dig’s spirit goes astral to defend him and is also quickly torn apart by the returning Succubus. The vampire makes a diving attack directly at CG but misses, clumsily, just as Cholula nails him with an arrow, causing him to crash to the ground, where CG finishes him off with wood rounds, halting his regeneration. As he desicates before him, 3 Tarot cards fall from his pocket- some of the ones the team was missing from the recovery at the Shadow farm! CG pockets them for now and rushes back to defend Otters and the van from the swarming ghouls and zombies, who have almost destroyed while Otters continues chewing through their numbers.

Clinically, Otters is interested to see that the ghouls seem to act more and more feral the less of them that there are, and wonders how this all interacts with the hive mind rumors. But also she is a little concerned about getting peeled out of the smuggling compartment and eaten. With CG distracted, both of his spirits are killed by the Shadow Succubus, who then turns to the ritual building. Luckily their allies seem to be holding to the west, as no further ghouls or zombies have joined the main fight.

The Succubus sinks one it’s shadowy hands into the center of the ritual circle and sends forth a terrible pulse of entropic energy, killing nearly half the ritualists and wounding the rest. Cholula races downstairs and tries to bite it in the astral, just missing, as Dig pummels it with an overcast spell. The Succubus does another negative energy pulse, and seems to be trying to corrupt the ritual itself. This also kills the remaining ritualists besides Jaga and Walker in the Ways, who along with Dig barely survive.

Cholula pulls out all the stops, and calling on his newly enhanced spirit connection manages to land a powerful blow on the spirit, disapparating it back from whence it came. Outside, CG and Otters mop up the last of the ghouls and zombies shortly afterwards, with the van barely surviving. The cloaked Mules proved invaluable though, and Otters is excited about making good use of 3 intersecting fields of fire. They head out to check on allies, and find nearly dead Creep, luckily stabilized by his trauma patch. Cholula manages to save Dig’s life with another trauma patch, though as Jaga and WitW check the other ritualists none of the rest are as lucky- all appear drained of life and unrecoverable.

The Windsor crew, though badly battered, seem to have all survived from good use of tactics and massive expenditure of ammo and spell-power. Luckily none of the ghouls or zombies brought ranged weapons. Rains and the Skins did not fair as well, losing 3/4 of their number, especially since Rains explains that the hive mind has some sort of hypnotic or seductive quality by which they managed to entrance a portion of his crew, who turned on the others. It was a real bloodbath and he had to resort to indiscriminate explosives, but managed to hold back the additional ghoul tide.

They find Myrryr drowned to death in a few inches of water, presumably the work of the Succubus planning to leave a useful host body for another zombie. Those who are survived are grateful to the team for ending this threat and preventing the corruption of the ritual, but the price was high. Patricia Loveland gets back in touch afterwards, recognizing the team’s skill, utility, and sincerity, though still not trusting or communicating with Cholula.

Hearing the night’s report on Radio Free Detroit after they limp back to the safehouse in the damaged van and patch Creep up back to consciousness, they find out that TM’s are waking back up and complaining of headaches, mood swings, and forced Subermersion into the Resonance Realms. This reminds them of the terrifying thing Rains mentioned- those of his crew who were turned by the feral ghoul hivemind started muttering about something “deep… underneath… rising”.

They report Myrryr’s death into Smoach, who seems to retreat into his Bug City survivor PTSD-protective space, and vows never to let anyone get close to him again, while he plans to dedicate himself to hunting FTD and other nefarious forces in her memory. The next morning, the Tarot sword, whose ephemeral flame had gone out when the Succubus slew the spirit wiedling it, starts flaming again, and CG hears the voice say that he is once again under it’s protection, still unsure of what the cost will be….

Creep tries again to convince everyone to stop doing jobs to help people and try to get paid, so they start looking over their jobs list for good opportunities of what to do next.

Trap Setting, Info Gathering
5/22/2023, 10:42:59 AM
Runners
Creep
Chew Gum
Dig
Otters aka Roadkill
Tabasco aka Cholula

After ensuring there are no more attackers at the Platinum Zone, Otters figures out how to hook up one of the mule’s partially charged batteries to the dead van and get it running long enough to get back to the safehouse, where Dig immediately goes to sleep to heal up from damage from the fight. The rest of the crew frantically tries to contact people via radio, succeeding in eventually getting ahold of most of the people they had previously built HAM sets for.

They then check on Zennia at the bar, and find that it’s shot to shit and there some bloodstains around. Creep finds that all the messenger birds on the roof have been burned by an area spell also. They track some drag marks through Hamtramck and find a wounded Sikh Burn guarding the People of the Book burial society- he reports that Zennia didn’t make it but that he and some Children of Loxley managed to fell the attackers.

The team heads inside and examines the body- the ritualists there have stabilized them to prevent further possession, and the team sees that three more shadow zombie assailants have been cut apart by Sikh Burn’s flaming sword. As well as Zennia, the bartender and some patrons were also killed, though it seems like she was the target, as ChewGum uses a creepy spell to review the last thing she saw- muzzle flash in a dark room.

After the team gets ahold of the WIndsor crew, they also hear that some shadow zombies made an attempt on Howell, but his biodrones and the timely arrival of some assistance from said crew held the attackers off. The team puts together that there was a coordinated hit on a bunch of different fixers. After hearing Julia “Deadline” Pesina return to broadcasting on radio with the matrix down, they also hear that some other fixers, community organizers, and street docs who they didn’t know were also attacked or killed, including the entire civilian government of the city (with potentially one missing survivor). Technomancers seem to mostly be comatose or non-communicative, and lots of e-life forms are missing.

So it seems like the shadows either knew what was coming, or took quick advantage of the opportunity. The team spends the next day hiring out some remote research on alternate power generation schemes, and Otters manages to rig up CG’s scooter as a pedal-power generator, with instruction passed along from Run and Sollars archive via the Windsor crew. She calls into Pesina to share this info also. Dig spends the day crafting a golem to pedal the bike, and start charging the van, though first they power up all the drones and the team’s tech. Creep, and the the others, are very disturbed when he looks outside and see that not only is it still dark when it should be daytime, but that the stars are wrong. The Detective heads out to check in on the Keepers and other contacts.

Dig turns into a horse and Otters crafts a quick saddle + bag, and Cholula hops on. They head out to Grosse Pointe to see if Leanna Octave survived. Creep uses his magnet hand to cling to the top of the VTOL, while Otters hot rigs it from inside to run aerial surveillance and backup. Creep has done some quick and dirty antenna repairs so they have LOS comms and about 100m signal otherwise. They reach the Metal Maniacs clinic and find the usual bunch of cybered-up weirdos out front, though there are less than usual.

Heading in, Cholula finds Octave examining and disassembling some corpses for parts- she explains that whatever the pulse was was super damaging to Monads and anyone else running a lot of nanites, so their numbers are bit depleted. It doesn’t seem like they were hit otherwise though. She bemoans the loss of their SIN business income, and says they’ll need supplies for upkeep before long. Cholula tries to pry for more info on the SIN stuff but doesn’t get much, and decides to continue not telling her that he is part bug.

As the gangers outside are starting to eye Dig a little hungrily, Cholula makes his exit and hops back on, and rides Dig over to Vendor’s Row to check on Grandmother Biyu. Creep and Otters split off to check on Ellis. Biyu and the Triad seem pretty dug in, and are bolstering their defenses further. She explains that they were attacked but that the attackers were “dealt with” and doesn’t provide further info, though she confirms they were more shadow zombies when asked.

She tells the team to start looking into food security as her people are doing, as that will likely be an issue soon. She also tips them off to a few mysterious rumors- someone has one or more working vans in town, and they’re using them to snatch up technomancers. Biyu also wants the team to extend an offer of safety and employment to any TM’s they come across on her behalf, saying she wants to start a local “sector”, whatever that means.

They head back to the safehouse, though Dig insists on stopping to steal some food on the way- Cholula guides him past a guard with a shotgun and Dig uses magic fingers to fill his saddle bag up. They raid the Tin Can food supplies when they get back too, and find other regulars there doing a sort of wake for the recent dead, and drinking all the booze. Meanwhile, Creep spots a bunch of scattered individuals standing slackly throughout the Scar zone, with no discernible pattern, as they fly by. They land in the skyway level of ARES former HQ tower, the lower levels being fortified, and find a slightly tense Praxis waiting for them with some other Deso Angels.

Praxis asks if they’ve seen any bugs around, and they report they haven’t, realizing that the Deso Angels here, being Mantids, need to eat bugs at least occasionally- uh-oh! One of the other members mutters something about how they should’ve left when they could, but the DA’s guide them further into the building where they find Ellis and some other Betas. They discuss the attacks, and Ellis reports that they came under attack from a bunch of seemingly feral ghouls here, except that they also seemed to have some kind of hivemind- she suggests checking in with Pretty out of the farm to see if she knows more.

Ellis also speculates that the shadow spirits, or some other entity, may have made use of the lasting effect of the Scar to somehow twist astral space, explaining the permanent twilight and strange stars. She is also not sure where the stars are from, but confirms with Creep that they appear fixed in place- there having been no visible relative movement. She also tips them off that they found the corpses of a huge amount of the new Alphas, drained and desiccated underground, and wonders if Vogel used them in some kind of massive sacrifice- but also wants to know where the original Alphas that she had put Vogel in touch with wound up.

They speculate a bit that possibly they secured transit to Vhortas/Colony, which could explain why Otters was able to see empty insect plane corridors when she briefly got a drone into the rift. Regardless, without further evidence they’ll have to leave it a mystery for now. They decide to push the battery range on the VTOL and zip over to the farm, finding Rains and Pretty holding it down with other ghouls and some Bee cult Betas, but with a massive burning corpse pile on the lawn.

They were also attacked by shadow zombies, and wonder if the shadow spirits left something behind- the team immediately gets stressed about the Coin of Woe in their possession. They suffered some casualties but managed to fend them off. They were also attacked by some Infected-phobic rednecks using old bio-diesel farm trucks, but managed to fight them off too. They also seem worried about food security, and are trying to organize with their friendlier neighbors- they say the militia types seem to have come from further out near Ann Arbor.

They fly back to the safehouse and the team debriefs on all the info. They also hear on Deadline’s nightly broadcast that more militia tried to demand tribute from the Platinum Zone but that Marv blew up one of their trucks with a rocket launcher and they fled. She shares Otters’ pedal-power generator plan as best she can over the radio, and also reports that a lot of sprites, AI’s and other e-life forms are likely trapped in offline hosts and devices, so that if anyone is out there hard-wiring and encounters any, to please free them or deliver a device with them on it to the Plat Zone for protection.

They make a few more radio calls, having also left parts and schematics where needed on all their visits throughout the day, and confirm with their assorted allies that they’re on for the big trap tomorrow, and ChewGum visits Penelope Bean, who is really excited about embracing the Hawala system with the nuyen exchange not running. She also agrees to pass along a request for aid to the Mage on the Hill, if she can find him. She otherwise seems her usual chipper (/appropriative) self.

They rest, and on awakening the next day decide to use a couple Tarot cards in hopes of some additional aid before they head to Belle Isle for the ambush. Creep activates the “Higher Power” card, and gets a non-transferable one-person ticket to Zurich Orbital, which will bypass SIN scans (though not weapon scans). Initially a bit annoyed, he realizes eventually this could lead to a big payday for him, so ends up a little happier. Everyone takes turns messing around with the Threshold card, until Otters accidentally activates while walking though the door to try it outside.

The door becomes black void, and Otters steps through. She finds herself confronting a sort of mirror version of herself who says “REMEMBER” and Otters begins to remember what happened in Florida, and then just “nopes” back out the door. Seeing that the void remains, Dig jumps through, and confronts a mangy, toxic dog- a real lone wolf, who tries to force him into a paradigm shift. He resists, proving his loyalty to Dog and the pack, and initiates. He also realizes this was likely a confrontation with the Dweller on the Threshold, and the he should know be able to project to other metaplanes.

As the door remains, Cholula jumps though, with Creep attempting to follow, though Creep bounces off the suddenly solid surface. Cholula sees all his parent there: a Beetle Queen and 2 humans- they seem about to tear each other apart but he manages to do an incredible leadership maneuver and get between them and talk them down. He emerges feeling better integrated with his bug self, and finding that he is no longer Blighted. Creep tries again to go through but the void dissipates and he stumbles out into the street.

They become suddenly aware that they just activated multiple Tarot cards in their safehouse and partially outside and get a little stressed about who might have noticed. But they are interrupted before they can spiral too much by the arrival of a bald grizzled man, dressed in rags, carrying a single duffel bag, who says “I heard you requested my aid” – this seems to be the Mage on the Hill- but can they convince him to assist them?

A New Crisis in Motor City
5/16/2023, 10:31:52 AM
Runners
Creep
Chew Gum
Dig
Otters aka Roadkill
The Detective
Tabasco aka Cholula

The team freaks out after acquiring all the data as both Creep and Cholula start to enter anaphylactic shock from the spore exposure. Luckily the rest of the group’s full seals hold, and they manage to get them out via some quick-thinking and a near grenade disaster from Otters. They navigate back out via the train tunnels but have the feeling that something might be following them. Once back aboveground, they contact Dig, who recommends quarantine until they can make sure the spores aren’t contagious.

Jaga helps set up a sealed treatment area at the safehouse, and monitors them with Dig for a day while drones work on patching them up, but luckily they seem to be improving and non-contagious. They heal up for another day while Dig fills them in on happenings aboveground, and they all decide where to sell their score from the last mission. They end up selling all the experimental tech to Zennia, who pays well and seems eager to sell it on, and all the data to Ellis, who is eager to receive it and requests first look at anything additional they find.

The team then decides to start looking into how to take down the local Fear The Dark chapter for good. Dig researches the Higher Power Tarot card, and with some help from Fargus Sol determines that it doesn’t do what they likely need it to for these purposes- i.e. beam sunlight directly in a focused point. They think about planning some kind of ambush at the upcoming “Bye, ARES!” block party that the Plat Zone is hosting, but that’s coming up too soon.

After consulting with Walker in Ways, they settle on a different plan- WIW and their shamanic group will plan out a massive cleansing ritual to expand the magical cleanup they’ve been doing on the river outwards into the rest of the city, slowly expanding over time as they cleanse new areas. Dig, CG, and Jaga will assist with this. The rest of the team, and a bunch of other hired assistants, will provide recon and security around the site, and watch for FTD/fight them when they arrive.

The team uses favors owed by Julia Pesina to report on a piece about this upcoming ritual and spread it around, to make sure that FTD hears about it. With a few days to wait until that happens, they stock up on gear (wood pulp bullets and the like) and finish healing and patching armor. They all head over to the Plat Zone party in their street gear, with Otters bringing her new array of drones, freshly out of their boxes, in the van. CG, The Detective and Creep take up surveillance positions just in case anything kicks off after grabbing food from CastIron.

Cholula dances while assensing, vibing on the energy of the room. Otters monitors comms to watch from suspicious traffic while Dig keeps an eye on the matrix, and both of them notice a lot of posts pouring in, seemingly notifications of the death of various East Coast deckers and TM’s. Ringmaster calls them back to the situation room, where they monitor a disturbing thread on Jackpoint right up until there is a disturbing inaudible rumble, and bright flash, and all the lights go out.

Checking things further, it seems like the power is fully down, and a lot of batteries are fully or partially drained. Before they can determine anything else, gunfire breaks out outside. The team outside engages with a group of 6 gunmen, which they quickly realize are shadow spirits inhabiting disguised corpses, who are firing indiscriminately into the crowd. They manage to take them out though Creep and CG are both near killed, with Cholula also joining the fray.

Inside, Dig just barely manages to get in front of the swing of a monofil whip that an invisible assassin had intended for Ringmaster, getting badly injured in the process and splashing Ringmaster with his blood. The assassin chops Otters’ gun in half after she ineffectually fires before Dig manages to fell them with a massive lightning bolt- Dig approves of this show of pack loyalty. Unfortunately, Dig is a carrier for HMHVV so warns Ringmaster of his new lycanthropy risk- certainly much better than dead.

Otters, frantic about the lack of matrix connection and drone feeds, races outside to the van, weaving through the frantic crowd and finds the locks engaged and powered off, so has to hardware her way in. The drones are all powered off but seem to have some varying level of charge left, though no way to recharge if drained at the moment, and the van seem drained but otherwise fine, aside from antennas which seem universally fried. Otters is having to find all the clunky manual controls since usually all of this done via ARO.

Dig and Ringmaster, using magic and charisma, manage to start organizing and calming the crowd, and the weary Latvian Gambit vets present get back to work trying to figure out what happened and what it means. The team all eventually joins up and speculates a bit too, as they hear gunfire, screams, and breaking glass all around the city, and are able to see the stars for the first time in a while (or for some, probably the first time ever). Otherwise the night is only light by muzzle flashes and bonfires…..

Underground Exploration
5/9/2023, 6:58:36 PM
Runners
Creep
Chew Gum
Otters aka Roadkill
The Detective
Tabasco aka Cholula

The team heads into the DDB to begin their multi-phase series of jobs down there. They spend most a day navigating a long series of deadly traps after reaching the site of their showdown with Otto Hendricks, and attempting to explore deeper into his area. Luckily with careful drone recon, good sensor use, and some quick-thinking, they take minimal damage and clear/mark a mostly safe passage to a back entrance to the lab, which they manage to access.

Unfortunately, they then to blind a gun turret by throwing a sleeping bag over it and it fires, detonating some C4 strapped to an adjacent wall and triggering a cave-in. They spend another good portion of a day excavating their way back into the lab to find it in a state of disarray, but they do manage to salvage some useful info, while also potentially exposing themselves to deadly toxins.

It seems that Hendricks (whether initially on ARES’ behalf or on his own initiative) had been manufacturing some experimental weaponry based on spores, toxins, and modified acids, and providing it to GreenWAR cells, possibly for false flag operations, possibly to make Vogel look bad, given his past ties to eco-activist groups. The bio-containment on the experimental weapons lab failed due to the explosion/partial collapse the team triggered, luckily all of them except Cholula and Creep have full seals on their armor, and Creep is running an internal air tank…..

They continue digging around and find a few former SCIF chambers, now rendered non-secure by the structural damage, where people were doing old-school offline paper-based research, data collation, and investigation, into two primary areas of interest: what’s up at the new ARES HQ site in Atlanta (they seem to have semi-secretly bored a huge shaft underneath it) and what is up with ARES’ metaplanar activities. It seems likely based on all this that ARES has/will have a new portal to Vhortas and their fortified base “Colony” there, in the shaft underneath their new HQ, as the construction of that began shortly after their space station portal was shut down.

ARES also is using a lot of materials to build the HQ that have no clear sourcing- could be standard corp shell games, or could be a metaplanar origin there too. The team also finds a disassembled portal closer, with some notes about it. The magical part of the payload is missing (either removed or expended) but the notes suggest that even Hendricks and crew didn’t fully understand how/why these worked. There is also a suggestion that ARES was attempting to find a way to use bugs as magical batteries, and an explanation of how Firewatch members were chosen for service at Colony (awakened members) or for turning into ALPHAs (mundanes).

This is all good paydata for some various Johnsons, so the team decides to return to the surface, collect Dig from whatever animalistic magic quest he went off of, get paid, and patch up themselves and their armor before heading back underground for the next stages of their missions.

Out of the Fog
5/3/2023, 9:09:05 PM
Runners
Creep
Dig
Otters aka Roadkill
Tabasco aka Cholula
ChewGum
and guest appearance from: Erika “Scully Beyonce” Knowles

The team briefly rests at the missing runner’s basecamp, and then makes a plan to head back in to try to hack the military base using Dig’s planted data tap. Using the radar sensor, biodrone surveillance, and electronic warfare scanning they manage to avoid getting spotted while Dig gets a hack going. Miraculously, Dig manages to grab some data before getting spotted by the active security, and they pull his plug just in time as some alarms go off. Otters speeds away from pursuing vehicles with sensor guidance, and then sneaks through the fog.

They successfully evade their followers, and Dig uses an illusion to distract most of the surveillance and comms blimps outside the fog while Otters sneaks them through farm fields back onto the highway. They return to Detroit, and review the data on the way. It seems like the attack they witnessed was carried out by a cadre of vampires with no insignia, many of whom died in the attack. But the target seems to have been a structure housing an “anomaly” a bit below ground level that was adjacent to the comms HQ. They don’t find any more data on that, but do discover that 2 of the runner crew were captured by the military and are being interrogated to see if they had any advance knowledge of the attack.

They package everything up and send it on to Ringmaster, who pays them well. Cholula also finds the Hermit 6WT card stuck in his armor, presumably from the body pile he was pulled into, and after briefly examining it, Dig activates it. It pulls the team to a cabin that seems to exist on some other plane, with a bed for each of them, some crystal lights on the walls, a single door, and some ominous blood stains. They find an hourglass carved into the floor under one of the beds, and looking outside get the feeling that large predators are fighting other large predators in the dense woods and other environs surrounding the cabin.

Dig almost runs off into the wilderness before Dog reminds him that it is dangerous to go alone, and they close up the cabin after getting worried the light might attract attention. The beds are all quite comfortable, though Otters is worried since neither her drones nor the van transitioned with them. They go to sleep and as soon as Dig loses consciousness, they all find themselves back in their van, feeling well-rested. They get back to Detroit and head to their safehouse after dropping off Erika Knowles to report into Ringmaster.

They check in with some contacts and pick up some potential work, and catch up on the news from around town. ChewGum has been busy in their absence, tracking down leads on work and being gifted a tarot card of his own, from the People of the Book, who tell him it will summon a powerful defensive spirit, but that there will be a cost to the summoner. They add it to Creep’s stash, and decide that next up they will head underground to pursue a few jobs at once- the Betas are looking for lost ARES research, Zennia wants experimental tech, they need to break up Fear the Dark’s local chapter, and they need to chase down those Shadow bats.

They get an updated map from Rains and Pretty, who are busy setting up and fortifying Long Pig Farms’ new operation in town, with the help of the Bee cult, some of who are also transitioning to Betas currently. They also check in with Fargus Sol about Arleesh’s feeling towards Betas (cautiously optimistic) and their new Tarot info. He also sends them some money and suggests that they may have found themselves in the Hunter’s Realm, a super-predator breeding and hunting ground that is also used as a metaplanar survivalist prison- the meaning of the hourglass they found being a magical tattoo depicting the time a prisoner there has left to serve.

They gear up, and prepare to head underground!

Deeper Into The Fog
4/25/2023, 11:25:07 AM
Runners
Creep
Dig
Otters aka Roadkill
The Detective
Tabasco aka Cholula
and guest appearance from: Erika “Scully Beyonce” Knowles

The team continues their investigation at the missing runners’ basecamp. The limited autopsy capacities reveal horrifying and unknown genetic fusion techniques that leave no surgical scars. Knowles takes some samples for later, as the rest of the crew reviews the runner’s logs she was able to retrieve using a provided crypto-key from their erstwhile employer. They decide to continue further in, using the runners’ data on military security ops as a baseline.

They find a huge corpse pile ahead while scouting with the biodrone, and Cholula investigates on foot, and is almost pulled in by another chimera with huge gorilla arms and empty voids where it looks like some cyber-eyes might once have been. They get in a disturbing fight with two of the “gorilla” chimeras, two more “flying squirrel” chimeras, and a hidden sniper, who Otters manages to take out with the van-mounted HMG. Luckily the team mostly avoids damage, though one of the squirrels escapes.

When checking the corpses after, they seem to mesh with what they’d previously see on the autopsies performed at the base camp. The mods are all extreme and seamless, in an unexplainable way. Then they find the sniper’s body, who has been given some large lens eyes, and is wearing what seems to be a WWII-era Russian winter camo uniform, and using era appropriate gear as well. Knowles confirms that the Nazi’s certainly had an interest in the arcane, and there was a major Kaer beneath modern Chernobyl, so it’s possible someone could have stumbled in and been preserved to the modern day, but that doesn’t explain the changes.

They examine the body pile, and find that it is a mix of runner corpses and National Guardsmen, mostly PA with some OH mixed in. There are also a lot of unassigned limbs and other body parts, most of which have some amount of cyberware, badly damaged in the crude and violent removal. Some of these parts could be III Corps but there isn’t enough to be sure. They take more samples for later analysis. The bodies also show signs of predation, as if the various chimeras have been feasting on them, and seem to be rotting at a much decelerated rate- about 1/10 what would be expected, which lines up with the reduced rate of aging Knowles had noticed on the shark-lion corpse, as well as how an elderly Russian sniper could still be alive.

They head further in and the signal degradation is getting bad enough that Otters has to pull the biodrone back in. They spot some mil patrols with the onboard radar and via electronic warfare, using stealth tags the runner team planted to supplement their perception. They manage to sneak within 1/2 km of the fortified base walls and get some looks, and Creep and Dig (in mole form) sneak closer. Creep gets up to the walls, and reports that the security construction the runners had reported on seems to be basically finished- razorwire perimeter, sensor strewn killing ground, then fortified high wall with guard towers and klieg lights.

Dig digs his way down, and finds that the further down he goes the better the mana feels. He rests a bit low down before tunneling back up inside the base, and spots a construction drone. Unfortunately a mole with a data tap in it’s mouth is a strange sight and a guard spots him and starts to give chase. The van is having to constantly maneuver to avoid patrols and is occasionally losing comms with Creep, who is acting as a relay to Dig on the inside, though Dig can’t respond due to his device being too weak to punch through the jammers the base is using.

The van and Creep detect 7 hypersonic, baffled aircraft zip by overhead towards the base, and Creep warns Dig. Dig manages to use the distraction of some ensuing gunfire to escape the guard pursuing him and slip the data tap onto one of the construction drones before fleeing back underground. The van picks up Creep since they lost comms to Dig, and does a circuit around the base, dodging patrols, as they try to figure out what is happening. Otters sends out all the fly-spys on autopilot, hoping some will return with some info. Only one makes it back, but it does gather some useful intel.

The team (except Cholula and The Detective, who remained at the body pile due to Cholula being badly effected as a dual-natured being) all feel a massive explosion that seemingly occurred somewhere underground. The lone surviving drone confirms that a non-descript building next to what looks like the main HQ/comms center has collapsed on itself, so it seems like the explosion took place under there. Creep hears about half as many hypersonic aircraft leave as arrived as gunfire continues. The whole thing took about 11 minutes in total- real pro, whoever it was.

Dig emerges aboveground after waiting a while, somewhere outside the perimeter but not sure where he is. Scared and feeling a bit hopeless he waits a little more until Creep luckily picks him up on sensors again, and Otters scoops him up in the van. They head back to the body pile and manage to track down The Detective and Cholula, who have retreated after Cholula lost it a bit from the spookiness and his reduced abilities, though TD managed to keep him from totally running off. They all return to the runners’ base camp to think about next moves, with Dig pushing for further investigation via data tap and most of the team leaning towards exfiltrating.

Into The Fog
4/17/2023, 11:37:28 AM
Runners
Creep
Dig
Otters aka Roadkill
The Detective
Tabasco aka Cholula

The team preps to head out to Site 000 to start their investigation for Ringmaster, and spends some time massively upgrading the stealth, sensor and mobility capabilities of the van to try to be ready for whatever they find there. Chew Gum, having heard in Ringmaster’s briefing that the area seems bad for spirits, decides to sit this one out and spends some time harvesting plants, tracking toxic magic (finding some power areas), seeking Li Wei (finding some blood magic traces but no hard evidence), seeking out bat swarm sightings (they seem to be flying in and out of the Detroit Down Below), and taking care of some personal business.

The rest of Ringmaster’s briefing consists of recovered logs from a PA National Guard unit that was first on the scene and seems to have also gone missing. He also has some reports from Asgard Data Haven of a runner crew hired to go in a bit after that, who reported in a few times before vanishing. And last, he has an agent on the ground he wants the team to make contact with if they can- codename: Scully. She was following up on the runner team’s reports but has also been out of contact for around a week. The other big news is that Ellis took the team’s advice and posted on Jackpoint, introducing the concept of Betas to the runner world, at least. Also Long Pig Farms is relocating to Detroit, fleeing persecution, and The Betas are working with some ghouls to make better clonal stock, as they need the same quality of body to inhabit that the Infected due to eat.

The team pays Grandmother Biyu for some SIN upgrades to make sure they can travel, and she hires them to look into who else is making high quality SINs in town, when they’re back from their trip. Otters smuggles Cholula out past MET2000 hovercraft in the sub, and drops him at the rendezvous point, and the van gets out past more MET2000 border guards doing magic scans (seemingly checking for bugs) with the rest of the team aboard. They pick up Cholula and head to the Bravo Company training complex in central Ohio to brush up on some squad tactics before the mission.

They all learn a new tactic to help with moving under fire. They decide to sleep there as Otters and others are worried about highjackers on the highway amidst the auto-haulers, though Dig mocks them all for giving in to fear. They eat some bland nutritious mush in the morning (explaining why all the mercs were so excited about Castiron’s cooking perhaps), and head out. Driving past the exits towards Dutchville (a relatively newly incorporated town built around a Wuxing shipping subsidiary), they find all the exits closed and guarded by UCAS MP’s- small groups but still.

They also notice that Dutchville has been scrubbed from digital maps and GridGuide- as if it never existed. So they navigate using geotags, and Otters slickly takes the van off-road in a blind turn between two auto-haulers. They activate their active camo, signature masking, and vehicle radar, and cut across farm fields, bypassing fences and army surveillance/comms blimps as they travel. Cholula and Dig start to notice a bad magical feeling once they hit about 12km out from their destination, and start to really feel the effects at 10k.

Creep, keeping a close eye on the radar while Dig monitors army comms traffic, manages to help Otters steer them around the limited patrols on the way in. Right at the 12km mark, all the fences and everything suddenly cuts, along what seems to be a lengthy curve. The level of the ground drops about a foot, cleanly, and Otters eases the van down onto it’s tracks onto the seemingly freshly exposed dirt- there are some other vehicle tracks and a few footprints, and a dense fog ahead starting at the 10k mark. The fog seems to dome upwards, and it looks like the army is using aerials/blimps to keep a comms line open- as the team watches, they see some light flashing in the upper area of the fog dome near the center, which The Detective things is some kind of IF/F sequence, presumably to verify that comms coming from within the obscuring fog haven’t been compromised.

The team prepares to head in, and begins. Otters keep her new biodrone aloft as a spotter, while everyone else carefully peers around with various modes of perception. Spotting some kind of shape in the dense fog, they head towards it, and find a lone desiccated stump. Searching it, they find a hardened data chip, which after Dig breaks the encryption, contains more comms logs from the missing National Guard unit. They report on bad astral feelings, and something following them. The team, spooked, continues. They find another irregularity another few km in, as well as spotting sensor shadows of their own, and getting worried something may be following them as well. The fog is giving back a lot of weird readings, and something is playing havoc with their navigational systems, so Cholula is mostly dead reckoning.

They are also losing comms access to the outside, which also should obscure them further from army blimps, so good and bad. They send an initial report to Ringmaster to report they are going dark, and he wishes them luck. Approaching the next object, they find a small clearing in the fog, where a strange grid of pairs of combat boots it set up, 13 columns by 7 rows, standing in perfect parade formation as Cholula spots. Creep and the mule start knocking them over, which achieves no effect, but they do notice that all the boots appear like unique pairs- similar make/brand, but a variety of year of manufacture, level of wear, etc. The Detective tries one on and finds it damp from the fog but nothing else of note.

While knocking over boots, Creep eventually finds another comms chip from the Natl Guard, which Dig cracks. They get more reports of feeling hunted and haunted, and manaspace growing worse- which Cholula and The Detective confirm. Signal is getting worse too as they get closer to the epicenter, both seemingly at a steady rate, so Otters pulls the biodrone in much closer. They are all getting pretty worried at this point, as the sensor shadows are also showing up in the astral, and the Natl Guard reports having some of their people MIA.

They press on, and Cholula steers them towards a feeling of water ahead, where Creep detects a slight dip in the landscape. They find what looks like the bottom portion of a dried up stream bed, but as with everything else it seems like about the top 12 inches is gone. Creep spots a hardened milspec case carefully place in the center, and opens it, finding a 3rd chip. Dig cracks it, and they get what seems likely to be the final log from the Natl Guard- they report firing on shadows as more and more of them vanish into the fog. They also found what seemed like a local landmark but turned out to be some sort of astral effect or illusion as the stream was gone in realspace. They also report having travelled much further than they should have to reach it.

While the team is stressing about this, a horrifying sound comes from out of the fog, and Otters is paralyzed, while the others are variously effected. Luckily, Otters was already jumped in hot to the van and drone, so still has some capacity. Creep peers around and then jumps back just in time as what looks like some sort of terrible hybird seemingly swims through the air at him, biting with the head of the shark, while it’s lion’s paws pull it along at alarming speed. All of this attached to the torso of a troll, wearing a shredded military uniform. Cholula misses with a fire arrow, Dig misses with a machine pistol, and Otters opens up with the van machine gun.

A hit! Unfortunately, this thing seems to have some kind of hardened exterior- the gun does a lot of damage but it seems to soak quite a bit of it, though not like a spirit would…. Also unfortunately it seems to recognize the danger from the van and pummels it badly, nearly wrecking it in one hit. Dig pulls out all the stops and blasts it with a lightning bolt as it start to shove itself into the van through the open side door- the mana here is weird and sludgy and irregular, but Dig manages to control it well enough to do some more major damage.

Otters, desperate, turns the machine gun on the van itself, shooting through the roof to hit the beast inside, and manages to fell it before it can kill anyone in the van, though the van takes more damage and is on it’s last legs. Everyone’s paralysis gradually wears off as Dig shoots the thing over and over with his machine pistol, to make sure it stays dead. While collecting themselves, they hear a voice call out, and after exchanging some confirmational chatter, find out that this is “Scully”, aka Erika Knowles, who Creep explains they know of through a convoluted link of runners in the team file, from her Boston days.

She seems happy to see them, and suggests they get back to her base camp with the body to talk further and do some analysis. They manage to navigate there, though doing so in the fog is quite confusing, and Otters is glad she’s been leaving a breadcrumb trail on an offline map to try to follow back out later. They find that Knowles has set up in the somewhat shredded basecamp of the missing runner team, and has another partially dissected hybrid on one of the cots. They haul out the one in the van (massively heavy), and she cuts it open, showing the team how the strange head and limbs seems perfectly grafted the host body, seemingly a troll torso, with some kind of advanced tech- this is beyond 6th World bio-surgeons, as far as she knows, as there is no surgical scarring, or sign of exposure to known mutagens.

She also fishes out some dog tags from the creature’s stomach, and everyone else things he must have eaten a soldier, but she explains that swallowing one’s own dog tags is often a soldier’s last desperate act in the face of certain death, hoping that their body can later be ID’ed and perhaps returned to their family. Disturbingly, the tags are neither from the National Guard nor III Corps, but from the Aztlan national army from about 8-10 years ago. Knowles says all of this lines up with her analysis of the other hybrid, though she didn’t retrieve ID from that one. She plays the team a helmet-cam video that the runner team recovered on one of their recon missions, which seems to show III Corp finding themselves enveloped in fog as comms go down, and they come under attack from unknown forces.

She says she also recovered more logs from the runner crew, which she offers to share with the team, but first they brief her on the updates from Detroit- the Scar, the Betas, etc. She is a bit overwhelmed but luckily they confirm that she herself isn’t magical, so she won’t spot Cholula out, while she takes in the info. She seems very serious and driven, but thrown off by her time in the fog- neither of her hardened chronometers are in agreement, and neither align with the team’s estimate of what day/time it is. They decide to rest and patch up the van before heading further in, or bugging out to report what they’ve found so far…..

Detroitus
4/10/2023, 1:05:03 PM
Runners
Creep
Chew Gum
Dig
Otters aka Roadkill
The Detective
Tabasco aka Cholula

Creep catches up with the team after one of his occasional “wander around and get the lay of the land” multi-day solo adventures. There seem to be no ALPHAs left anywhere that Creep has seen- which is disturbing to say the least, as the bug-killing manatech device didn’t have infinite range, as proven by the Bee cult’s survival by the Blight. That said- less ALPHAs and no bugs seen, so that’s good in it’s own ways. The team speculates a bit as to what this all might mean. Cholula gets a call back from Jaliyah Angel in Seattle that the ASPS is sending a Shedim specialist, Patricia Loveland, from DeeCee, to look into the Shadow spirit corpe possession issue, at the team’s request.

Chew Gum also follows up with Cass Wandering Horse, the contact he was given by The Walker In Ways, who are both also looking into local magical weirdness post-bug. Cass has a lot of tips and rumors, but not alot of hard info, as he explains he is also fresh in from DC. He seems to be a NAN political operative who left when things started heating up along the borders, though he may be interested in some political realignments in Detroit now. However, he gives some good tips for a promise of future info or services rendered, and the team starts digging.

They look up 3 of the spirits/ancient gods Cass had mentioned, and do some info trading around town to find out more where they can. They get some good leads but no hard evidence, and check in with Ringmaster, who confirms that he will pay for further investigations into any/all magical threats in the city. He also confirms that the job to investigate the missing III Corps at Site 000 is still a go, so the team plans to leave for that once they get the sub back (as they will need to smuggle Cholula safely out of town, as he is detectable as a bug, which surely someone will be looking out for).

They call Loveland, and share a lot of info re: Shadow spirits, possession vs inhabitation, gateways vs portals vs rifts, belief powering magical potency, and the like. This all seems promising until Cholula outs himself as a Beta, without much of an explanatory lead-in, and Loveland cuts the call, texting the rest of the team that they’ve been compromised. They hope she’ll come around after further digging on her own, as she is also connected with Old Crow, Jackpoint etc amongst other runners resources.

Otters manages to get a Fly Spy into The Scar above downtown, and before the drone fails from acid and other elemental damage, she manages to get faint footage transmitted of what looks like barren insect tunnels, which both Ellis and Cholula verify look like Vhortas, minus the biomatter. Ellis hints at strange overgrown ruins in Vhortas that are the only locations the teeming masses of bugs won’t occupy, but neither Ellis no Cholula are able to comprehend why from their limited memories.

Ellis also shares info about the other end of the Daedelus space station portal that ARES was maintaining until the team shut it down. ARES was able to establish a stable fortress, called Colony (Damien Knight was never one for clever names it seems) using some very advanced magic, this is where the original Beta’s live- though these are all Firewatch members sent to the insect plane on the principle that if bugs can inhabit humans here, maybe humans can inhabit bugs there? Which seems to have had some limited success.

However, given the endless nature of the plane, Ellis doesn’t think they’d ever be able to “defeat” the bugs- so she isn’t sure what these empty tunnels signify, though it could be an area of Colony- perhaps the magitech device from Vogel linked up with something on the other side. Apparently, according to notes Ellis was able to recover, ARES had managed to stabilize Colony enough that non-merges could safely live there for some time, though she is not sure if they have survived since the space portal was closed (or if another has been opened….). Based on the Manus Ruinae containment lab that recent former team members raided in Seattle, this all certainly seems possible.

Ellis is also worried about what happened to the ALPHAs, and reveals that what Vogel asked her to do was broker contact- she isn’t sure that it occurred, or what was discussed, but she had enabled Vogel to access the ALPHAs secure comms network. She had been hoping to discover some means of saving or stabilizing them, but no luck so far. She still hopes to find a way to allow the original Betas from Colony to return, which they currently can’t do due to evanescence issues. Regardless, she wants more data and suggests to the team that a lot of ARES offices, black sites, and also the HQ could make good targets for raids if they want that kind of work, there’re plenty of other at it currently.

They also discuss the situation undergound, and get worried about what threats still lurk in the Detroit Down Below now that the bugs are gone, since Ellis reports that some ghoul allies have recently gone missing. They discuss a variety of different hypotheses and theories about it all, before finally getting the sub, fully repaired, back from Goober, and getting ready to get underway out to Dutchville.

Big Moves
4/3/2023, 12:47:48 PM
Runners
Chew Gum
Dig
Otters aka Roadkill
The Detective
Tabasco aka Cholula

The team recuperates from the Shadow spirit raid, and gets some investigation updates from Smoach and Myrryr, who also accept a Tarot card as payment. They’ve ID’ed the Wendigo, and got some more info about what occurred- it looks like the strange orb was a portal to the Shadow plane (or at least one of it’s moons), and the one of the two spirits likely escaped through or was on the other side when the team attacked and closed it. It’s unclear if this spirit took some of the Tarot cards with or if they were expended in opening the portal. Castiron brings in a bat that he managed to bring down from the swarm, while he was fleeing in fear of the Wraith. He also returns half of his pay, since he feels like he didn’t help much.

S&M pass along a strange artifact, known as a “Coin of Woe”, which can be created by Shadow spirits by draining the essence of a living being- this coin is gold, showing that it was drained from a metahuman, and has Iva Linus Hathaway’s face on one side. Cholula holds onto it, and dedicates himself to finding a way to free her or return her to some form of life, though his initial research doesn’t seem promising. S&M also warn that although those coins can sometimes be used as metaplanar currency, their possession is also a serious crime in many planes.

CG examines the bat, and finds that it seems to have been possessed by a shadow spirit at some point, similar to the “zombie” corpses they encountered at the farm- disturbing! However, he prepares it and he, Dig, and Jaga cleanse their safehouse of magical taint, and rebuild their magical lodges. CG also resummons two of his Necro spirits, one into the bat. The team decides they need Jackpoint access to further their research abilities, so they put together an info file on the truth of Latvian Gambit with a lot of combined knowledge from themselves and the team file, and get Old Crow to agree to upload it as a membership application once he is clear of the city.

ARES and the UCAS are engaged in escalating back and forth over the disaster, and Vogel gives a major and provocative speech, ending with the revelation that ARES will relocate their corp HQ to Atlanta in response to the UCAS provoking them, and tries to place the blame for the “terrorists” behind Latvian Gambit at the feet of the UCAS for not reporting their activities and breaking up their cells. The team plans to possibly further refute much of this info when they themselves aren’t in ARES’ backyard, though the boards are already going wild.

Otters finally finishes building her first biodrone with Moreau, and The Detective does some bliss in their tub while catching up with the Keepers. The mafia bug infiltration con seems to have had some major effects- lots of infighting at the port, and a lot of dead bodies turning up nearby/in the river. Also- someone seems to be surveilling The Detective’s apartment- wearing a high end camo suit, so the Keepers haven’t gotten a good look. The Detective forgets to report this for a while, as they are high.

The next day, when they think to mention it, Cholula is finally back to full health, which required eating a lot more meat than usual (and having some interesting new thoughts and memories), he and CG head up to The Detectives zone with biodrone support, while Dig as a dolphin and Otters in the VTOL head down to try to retrieve the sub. Otters is able to spot the camo suit man with the biodrone and provide a targeting solution to Cholula, who KO’s him with a Gamma-Scopolamine arrow.

They zip tie him, and haul him into The Detective’s apartment, after taking his external comm and a bunch of kidnap supplies he has on him. They wait an hour and then question him once the truth serum kicks in. He caves pretty quickly and reveals that he is the recent ex-husband of Lindsay Turpentine, and that the family knows that The Detective is responsible for Michael and Carol’s deaths. The Detective tries to dodge blame for this, not fully inaccurately, but the man doesn’t believe them. He thought he could get back in Lindsay’s good graces by kidnapping The Detective and delivering them.

They debate about what to do, before questioning him some more and finding out that he’s been live-streaming the whole encounter. Dig, from afar, panics and tells them to get out of there, which they ignore while Cholula debates the ethics of killing him, since via his code he doesn’t really deserve to die. He fills up the tub they have him in, jic. They keep talking for a bit while an increasingly stressed Dig tries to convince them to leave every time his dolphin form surfaces and gets comms back.

Eventually Cholula agrees, and flips the still paralyzed man over, face down, in the full tub, and leaps out the window. CG and The Detective leave the normal way, with The Detective trying to gather up essentials on the way. They just get clear as a missile flies down and obliterates the building. Yikes! They all regroup at the Hamtramck safehouse while The Detective mourns the loss of their disguise collection. Meanwhile, Dig and Otters have a relatively easy time retrieving the sub, and buy some supplies to do a quick patch up job on it. They load Old Crow aboard to smuggle him outta town, and send it to Chicago to get more fully repaired by Goober, with Otters piloting the first leg of the trip past the ARES cordon which is still nominally being enforced.

The team all get a call from Kong up in the Blight, who wants them to look into a kind of culty group of farmers whose area has recently been added to his turf (he seems to be expanding). The team does some research and doesn’t find much, so does some recon and finds that it seems to be a group of Bee spirits, mostly good merges, that are distributing non-magical food to the surrounding area. Still- creepy and worth checking out. They call Ellis, who confirms that Bees often try to live in harmony with the surrounding area but are suicidally defensive. She says they could be good candidates to join the Betas since they already prioritize some of the same principles and communal attitudes.

The team calls up Kong to see if a peaceful solution is good with him too, and he says he’d prefer bugs get killed but that so long as the team gets them off his turn he doesn’t care much. They approach the church/farm lot, and The Detective has a lengthy convo with the Pastor, who turns out to be a Bee Shaman. They eventually bring in Cholula as proof of what the Beta option could look like, and the hive discusses, eventually agreeing to go along with the plan.

The team gets a bus from Kong to transport them all out to the now-empty shadow farm, and arrange for some of Ellis’ people to meet them there. They then also call up Pretty and try to set up a ghoul/bug farm coop, or at least get that started, since it sounds like Long Pig Farms may be looking to vacate Chicago in the increasingly hostile to the Infected environment there. They also report in on the info they learned about Fear the Dark, and Pretty pushes them to go after the vamp that escaped and hopefully finish off the local chapter’s leadership.

The big news when the team wakes the next day is that ARES didn’t just move their HQ- they fully left. They abandoned tens of thousands of local low-level employees and bailed basically overnight on the whole city. Horizon PR is desperately trying to spin the move in a positive way, but it seems ARES’ internal turmoil isn’t fully resolved- this does not seem like the plan Vogel presented, although it could also be a response to the info the team leaked on Jackpoint, especially with the UCAS announcement that they are rescinding the Business Recognition Accords in order to investigate just what happened in Detroit, and to III Corps.

CG, worried about a repeat of Chicago, checks in with Ringmaster, who says he has a lot of work for the team if they’re looking- a lot of the mercs have left, and he needs people looking into all sorts of local issues, as well as what happened to III Corps, if they want a trip out of town. The team also calls up The Walker in Ways, and gets contact info for someone named Cass Wandering Horse, with WiW telling them that they are also concerned about the spiritual future of Detroit, and that Cass has been doing some investigations along these lines, though he also has his own agenda….

Plenty to do! Back to work.

Tarot Repo, Shadow Revenge
3/27/2023, 11:33:37 AM
Runners
Creep
Chew Gum
Dig
Otters aka Roadkill
The Detective
and reintroducing: Tabasco aka Cholula

The team keeps partying for a bit at the Platinum Zone, though they announce that the party will have to end in the next day or so as stocks are running low and Marv needs to resupply. The team decides it’s time to raid the Shadow spirit farm, get revenge for Iva, and get their Tarot cards back. First though, Chew Gum needs to start setting up a new lodge and prepping a fresh corpse vessel. So they decide to figure out what to do with their safehouses. Since they’ll soon be fighting the Shadow spirits that are the ones who know the locations, they decide to enhance the security (and comforts) of the Hamtramck safehouse and ditch the bolthole in Windsor. Creep flirts a bit with the AI landlord, Rutledge, who seems potentially interested.

Dig inquires again about hiring others to assist with the mission, and this time Ringmaster has some suggestions- he also wants intel on what the Shadow spirits are up to beyond Tarot, if anything. The team winnows down the potentials list and sends out job offers to those who look promising. They call in their favors with Ellis to get some assistance from the Betas/Deso Angels, and hire Old Crow and Sikh Burn with the promise of Tarot card payment, and also SINder and the bounty hunter duo Charlie Foxtrot and Moondog for cash. Walker and her dog Tofu turn them down, not interested in payment and trying to help their community area, and Smoach and Myrryr offer recon/investigative assistance but are not combatants.

Jaga comes along for healing support, and Ringmaster manages to scrounge up a decent van that the team buys to replace their busted one. Cast Iron also hires on for cash, though he seems worried about the dark spirits and says he hasn’t been in the field in a while. The team makes a plan, with Old Crow’s tactical input proving quite useful, and they plan to start the attack late the next day. First, Tabasco decides to take Ellis and Praxis up on their offer of change, and against many on the team’s advice, merges with a Goliath Beetle spirit who they were able to save while it was injured, and who accepted their offer of sanctuary.

Tabasco upon returning, finds that though he still has his own, human, memories, he also has memories of his time amongst a teeming mass in Vhortas, before being pulled through by a shaman to fight in this battle, being injured and separated from the horde, and being approached by an inquiring mind of a type it was previously unfamiliar with. As Tabasco’s new insect half wakes to full sapience for the first time, he finds that he feels he needs a new name, and requests that everyone now call him Cholula. Responses on the team to this development are mixed, but everyone adheres to the name request.

They meet up with their hired support near the farmhouse by Ypsilanti, and see a bat swarm flying back towards town as they approach. Foxtrot and Moondog get creeped out by Cholula and bail on the mission, saying that they know the team is good with the Plat Zone so they won’t make trouble, but they don’t want any part of whatever “this” is, though Cholula tries to explain. Otters opens up with the van HMG on the barn on the property as everyone else approaches, though Cholula and CG both get mind-controlled and fire at each other, luckily missing.

A Wendigo and a mass of what looks like trid zombies pour out of the barn, all badly injured, and Creep hits them with the rocket launcher, along side more fire from Otters in mule drone and van. They cut down the mass quickly, with Sikh Burn and Cast Iron going around and making sure they all stay dead. Dig start watching for mental manipulation while preparing to cut off TacNET access/shut down weapons as needed if so, and intervenes a few times. As they breech into the house, the spirit retreats into the astral, where it comes under attack from dual-natured Cholula and the Betas, Deso Angels, SINder and Old Crow.

The team all manages to shake off the fear that the spirit tries to emanate out, except Castiron, whose bad past experiences with dark spirits sends him fleeing for a time before he regains his composure. The Shadow spirit starts taking damage and is forced to defend itself, as other team members start sneaking inside and reclaiming some of the Tarot they’ve seen scattered around in what appears to be a ritual circle. Otters also manages to shoot and destroy a disturbing obsidian orb that is at the center. This seems to weaken or distract the Shadow spirit momentarily, and also forces a vision of one of the Shadow moons into the mind of CG and Cholula.

They press the attack in the astral, with one of the Deso Angels and one of the Betas killed and the other 2 badly injured, and both SINder and Old Crow flatlined with Jaga desperately trying to keep them alive. Cholula is the last down, not quite able to finish the spirit off, at which point it manifests and Otters one-shots it with the HMG. Jaga asks The Detective to choose healing priority, and they split it up as follows: Dig tries to save Cholula, but it’s dicey and unclear if it will take. Otters loads Old Crow into the VTOL and zips him back to the Plat Zone, which saves his life but harms his magic. And Jaga manages to stabilize SINder, who seems physically ok but mentally scarred by the experience.

Sikh Burn, meanwhile, wildly slashes at wispy shadows in the main house, fearing spirit regeneration (correctly), and Foxtrot and Moondog finally roll back up, Dig having called them back for extra money in a moment of desperation. They help confirm the place is clear, and the team calls in Smoach and Myrryr for investigative help, with CG and others assisting. It seems like the spirit they fought was a Wraith, the Shadow warrior class, and very deadly- S&M are impressed they survived. They got most of the Tarot back, but all the cards with bloody handprints, along with a few others, are missing.

Checking the “zombies” they find that they were seemingly possessed by low-force Shadow spirits, and were being cursorily patched back up/reassembled- so this is where at least some of the bodies have gone. Checking the Wendigo, they find a scarified “Fear the Dark” across her chest, and worry about who might have escaped in that bat swarm. S&M confirm that the second Shadow spirit, likely a Succubus, was recently at the house, but is not currently around/detectable, so seems to have retreated, fled, or just been out. But, for now, victory! They pay everyone out, and head back to the safehouse for the first time in a while to rest.

Knightfall
3/20/2023, 10:33:34 AM
Runners
Creep
Chew Gum
Dig
Otters aka Roadkill
The Detective

Dig heads off to attend to his magical order while the rest of the team is poisoning Michael Turpentine. He barely makes it through some active combat while disguised as a bird and masked, but does arrive intact. The 2 members of his order trickle in, along with a preppy, affable, new potential named Freddy Bales. Bales has to step in a few times to provide additional instruction where Dig fails in the moment, but they all successfully take on animal form, though only Dig and Bales manage to initiate, as the other 2 weren’t properly prepared, Dig not having told them to expect that as a monthly component of the meetings. They all take off, and Dig focuses on internalizing some things he learned about instruction from Bales.

Everyone else rests up and stocks up on some gear at the Platinum Zone, with Creep getting a rocket launcher and Chew Gum learning to cast spells from Li Wei, who encourages him to grow his power. They receive the bounty payment from ARES for killing Otto Hendricks, routed through a series of cutouts as promised, and split it up once Dig returns. Tabasco, still in a weird mental place, bows out of the subsequent mission to seek further upgrades, to be ready to take revenge on the Shadow spirits. He also prefers to stay at the Plat Zone and fight ALPHAs than go to bug vs ARES central.

The rest of the team gets the call in the morning to go grab Carol and get him to ground zero- the bugs have a huge new crater just in front of ARES Tower, and are pouring out in what looks like a suicidal final attack. ARES forces have fallen back to the Tower and surrounding plazas and are waging a desperate defensive action, but could be overrun. The various merc forces are effectively unable to reinforce as they are fending off ALPHAs (and trying to save/rescue the civilian populace, unlike ARES). The team heads north, with Otters in the VTOL, Dig in bird form, and the rest on foot. They also call Ellis and their ghoul allies to warn them to stay away from Downtown/out of the astral due to an unspecified “mana threat”, and tip off the Irregulars as well.

Under The Detective’s guidance, they use some small unit tactics to safely avoid entanglements on the way, and find a somewhat gray-skinned Carol waiting in the irradiated van. They all hop in and plot a route, with Creep’s extensive knowledge of the city from his nighttime prowling providing excellent navigation.They exit the NGZ to the north of the nuclear blast zone and swing around west, entering back in through Irregular controlled turf in Zone 4. From there, they cut into Downtown from the west, with Otters carefullly sneak-driving to avoid trouble.

Otters flies CG in the VTOL up to a forward vantage point to get eyes on, and Dig accompanies as a bird. Dig decides to snag an ARES comm from one of the many corpses, so that ARES hopefully won’t shoot the van as it approaches, and CG provides sniper cover against some spirits as Dig gets it and flies away. However, some ARES drones almost spot CG so he as to hide for a bit before Otters can fly him back out, he got good overview info of the battle ahead though.

Dig and CG head back to the Plat Zone to help there, worried about the mana effects of the device in the van. Otters, with Creep’s help, hides her body in some rubble and remote pilots van and VTOL from there. She also uses the electrochromic coating to make the van look like an ARES vehicle to match their stolen comm signal. Unfortunately, this attracts some ARES stragglers in the neighborhood who try to get to the van for a ride to safety, pursued by bugs. Otters gives them some covering fire from the HMG but then speeds off, and the ARES survivors are quickly cut down.

Getting closer to the battle, Otters switches to full speed approach as the few square miles around the Tower are basically flattened rubble piles and mounds. It’s rough driving, but Otters is managing, partially using the VTOL to have an overhead view to steer from. She dodges the blasts of some stray ARES shells, though the van takes some flack damage. They manage to speed right up towards the crater, as a large amount of bugs split off from the main assault across from them and race towards the van. Otters uses HMG suppressive fire to corral them into a close center, while Creep leans out the side of the speeding van and launches a rocket into the bugs’ midst, holding on with his magnet hand and The Detective supporting.

They smash through the remaining bugs and Otters pulls a bootleg turn to swing about and stop, flinging the back doors open. Carol has been loosening all the bolts on the device’s frame, and with the help of the mule drone, hauls it out to the crater edge. Just as he does so, a massive insect emerges right behind him. Creep fires his last remaining rocket, and barely misses, still doing a decent amount of damage. Carol chucks some FAB grenades into the crater while running forward and pulling some ripcords on his armor, which starts emitting a stream of FABIII. He calls out to the team that they must trigger the device!

Creep races out and with The Detective’s encouragement, Dig’s previous explanation, and Otters providing covering fire from the mule and the van, manages to input the trigger sequence correctly on the first try. He dives back into the van as Otters revs it and peals out, having seen the 10 second countdown start. They gun it as a far away as they can before the detonation, which peppers the van with shrapnel, along with a following shockwave that flips them and wrecks the vehicle- luckily not badly enough to severely hurt those inside.

There seems to have been some kind of EMP effect as well though, as comms go down and Otters loses connection. Luckily the effect field seems fairly limited and she has a good view through the more distant VTOL of what happens: after the initial explosion and shockwave, some kind of rift opens in the sky about the Tower and plaza and some sickly green energy pours through. When it touches the energy emitting from the increasingly unstable area where the device was, a second magical shockwave pours out. This seems to kill smaller bugs where they stand, and paralyze or send into paroxysms the larger insects. Shamans appear to be driven mad and are easy targets for ARES sharpshooters, though Otters also spots some amongst the ARES troops falling and seizing- either bug infiltrators or mages, presumably.

This magical wave also hits at the Plat Zone, and both CG and Dig take some damage that feels like bad drain, while also making them somewhat nauseous, though they manage to shake it off. They do some others around them who were more battered fall, and help get them down to the medical area, where Jaga, though puking, is helping to heal and stabilize. Back at the front, Otters picks her body up with the VTOL, and then locates the van crash site via dead reckoning and regains point to point comms with Creep, the mule and The Detective. CG and Dig get the Quicksilver camera airborne to get some magical pics of whatever just happened, and get a few usable plates of the rift and immediate after-effects.

They initially plan to head back to the Plat Zone, but instead decide to do one more recon on the battlefield. From a distance, they see a lot. ARES troops are casually executing any surviving bugs and shamans, the bugs seemingly unable to move or defend themselves and the shamans stumbling, maddened, from the crater. There is much cruelty from some of the troops, though the majority appear to be just mechanically slaughtering. They see Carol also crawl forth from the crater, arms raised and shouting something, holding a commlink in one hand. The matrix appears to be down but the team’s devices all seem to work, so they try to get a message to Carol that they can come grab him, but give up on this after he is quickly surrounded by ARES forces.

Shortly thereafter, an armored platoon shows up, which looks to be Zone 4 and 6 survivors, having cut through the remaining ALPHAs to get here. General Ritter (aka Grey Ghost) emerges and confabs with some other ARES leaders on the ground. Tensions seem high but he distributes some info that seems to calm things. At this point, a heavily armored Arthur Vogel emerges, seemingly have claimed control, suggesting the Knight has indeed died or been incapacitated. The armored command of the conventional ARES forces at the Tower seem to refuse this transfer of command to Vogel and open fire on the newly arrived troops, but it seems like Ritter was prepared for this possibility, and the fascist Downtown commander Danforth and his loyalists are quickly gunned down.

Vogel gets Carol free and they shake hands, but amidst the chaos and confusion, the team sees a figure in blood-spattered heavy armor walk up behind Carol and calmly shoot him the head repeatedly. This figure rips off their helmet, and the team sees it is Carol’s brother- Michael Turpentine! Screaming something about “betrayal” as far as they can tell, he continues shooting Carol’s corpse as he himself is gunned down and turned to pink mist by Vogel’s bodyguards with their railguns. The team, shocked, pauses to reflect for a moment, until Creep realizes that Carol was how they were going to get paid, and against better advice, heads over to Vogel, who luckily recognizes him before Creep is destroyed by railguns as well.

Vogel seems at least put out by Carol’s death, but also very busy, and confirms that he will ensure the team is paid before sending Creep on his way, quickly muscled out of the inner circle by bodyguards. However, Creep manages to slickly pocket the commlink that Carol was holding. They all head back to the Plat Zone, marked as friendlies by Vogel’s command (it seems that all Irregulars have been). Hearing celebratory shouts and gunfire from the battle zone, Dig and CG were hoping for the best, and as the rest of the team arrives and new trickles in of bugs dropping citywide, and ALPHAs either killed or in retreat, a massive party starts.

Dig takes a celebratory BTL to celebrate, and plans to accompany The Detective back to their safehouse in Oakland County so they can do some Bliss and take a bath while Dig keeps an eye on things. The rest plan to stay and party. First, though, Otters shares the VTOL footage, and Creep shares Carol’s comm. Dig manages to hack it even while high, and they find that it is basically a high-end burner through which Carol had been communicating with his brother. It seems like it started out with Carol trying to provide anonymous help, but his bro figured it out, and eventually used it to track Carol’s location and kill him.

There is an attacked vid file that Dig opens, which shows the cybereyes perspective of Michael as he psychs himself up in a bathroom mirror to give Damien Knight the chess piece. He is talking initially about how this can secure him a permanent board place, and also get Carol safely back on the corps’ good side. He heads into an ornate conference room past two muscle-bound, oiled up teen bodyguards. Knight greets him as he enters, almost calling him Carol again before correcting, and asking for help getting into his battle armor, which “must have shrunk since last time.” As Michael moves to present the chess piece, Knight begins hacking, and his veins start turning black and bulging out as he falls to the floor.

Michael panics and tries to catch him, but then has to defend himself as the 2 guards outside rush in and assume he did this (which he did, though he doesn’t know it yet). He kills the two teens, seemingly horrified, and then seems to put 2 and 2 together. Sensing that Carol has been working at cross purposes, he starts strapping on what he can of Knight’s armor and looks into another mirror, vowing revenge, as Knight’s body dissolves into the carpet behind him, before the feed cuts.

Dig suggests they make a snuff BTL of Knight’s death/a brother’s revenge, but the rest of the team convinces him to hold off for now, though Otters confirms it will be a best seller for sure. They share some info with Ringmaster before getting into serious partying, and Dig and The Detective take off, with Dig getting the first look at The Detective’s strange shabby chic abode. They stop at Grandmother Biyu’s on the way so Dig can tip her off that now is a good time to make a move on the mafia- any dead can be claimed as bugs, and their mages were surely effected by the mana blast wave, and with Knight gone they’ve lost their best ally in ARES. Ravenheart approaches CG and asks if he has seen Li Wei- apparently Wei’s blood magic got the better of him while fighting off a major ALPHA assault earlier in the day and he hasn’t been seen since. A rogue blood mage is a big problem, though Ravenheart would like to help him if possible.

After the partying, everyone crashes. The next day Dig and The Detective return, and the matrix starts gradually coming back online- not just the local net but the whole deal, it seems that ARES jammers are offline for the first time in a while. The team gets their remaining pay from Vogel, and also sees that Jackpoint is back up! A new group called the GOD-Slayers claims credit for helping end the embargo, alongside many thanks to the Nexus and Asgard Data Haven for assistance and secure backups. The big news, as well as Detroit and the death of Knight (assumed in battle) and the return of Vogel (previously thought dead) is “what happened to III Corps?”

From the currently available info, it seems like the entire III Corps, plus everyone else within a large radius around Dutchville, PA, all vanished off the face of the earth. There were strangely/conveniently no satellites overhead when it happened, and noone on the boards has been able to get sat feeds overheard since. Attempts to send drones have failed, so intel is low. But speculation is high. Perhaps something to investigate? However, the boards are warning runners not to try to leave Detroit JUST yet, in case whoever is controlling the satellites that enforce the cordon haven’t stood down yet.

The situation in the UCAS as a whole looks a bit dicey- Colloton has pulled back military forces to defend important installation and major cities, in the wake of the III Corps disaster and what’s happening in Detroit, and this has left some borders vulnerable, which the CAS, NAN, and other bordering nations are all too happy to exploit. Detroit also seems to have suffered badly- civilian casualties are estimated to be around 150k so far, and that doesn’t even include the SINless, DDB dwellers, and Irregulars from out of town. ARES forces also took a bad hit, though they aren’t revealing any internal info, external estimates are putting their losses at 60%+ of their military and auxiliary capacity. But- there have been no signs of bugs in the NGZ since the device went off, so Latvian Gambit may have kind of worked?

Otters heads out with mule and VTOL to salvage what she can from the now-less-irradiated van, and finds scavengers picking over the battlefield all over, with more official ARES salvage ops nearer the Tower. However, there seem to be less bodies around than there should be… and the rift is still glowing green above the Tower. Otters manages to save the concealed turret and HMG but the rest is a wash, either wrecked or already picked over. She heads back, the mule dragging the expensive turret and gun. When she gets back she reports the weird missing corpses, and CG and some others go out to investigate, grabbing a few corpses they do find to analyze.

With Ringmaster’s support, CG gets some space to do a ritual of bones, and finds that all the corpses were touched by some kind of corrupting energy, not strongly enough to have an effect, but strongly enough to leave traces. The thing it feels most similar to is Shadow magic. Examining the Quicksilver plates, they also see a massive Scar through Downtown, centered on the blast, that seems to be a powerful mana ebb or dead zone. When the team talks to their ghoul friends (yay functional matrix!) the ghouls report that Downtown is kind of a no-go zone for the dual-natured right now- bad vibes. Dig also calls Freddy Bales to thank him for his assistance during the magical order meeting, which Bales is his usual affable self about.

They decide that first off, they want to hire some assistance and go after the Shadow spirit farm and get their Tarot back (if they can), and then maybe help Ringmaster with all his new investigation needs, as he seems worried about the rift, which reminds him of the Watergate incident that brought Shedim to our place, as well as interested in what happened to III Corps. Also maybe help Biyu against the mafia, maybe help the ghouls against Fear The Dark, etc. Many jobs available, and maybe the city is finally free of bugs and checkpoints! It definitely seems like, for now, ARES is defending their HQ and licking their wounds. However, with all the bug tunnels, sinkholes and collapses are common, so travelling the city is far from “safe”.

Vogel Makes His Move
3/14/2023, 4:25:49 PM
Runners
Creep
Chew Gum
Dig
Tabasco
Otters aka Roadkill
The Detective

The team spends a bit more time going back and forth on the bounty question at the Platinum Zone while also putting together their gear needs list to fight the Shadow spirits who stole their Tarot. They get another call from Carol and finally answer. He tells them he knows they’ve been dodging his calls and have been in touch with Ellis, but that he has a 3-4 part offer for them from Vogel, who he says is finally positioned to make his move. They agree to hear him out, and he says first off, Vogel has a message to pass to Ellis- essentially, offering amnesty for her faction if she gets on-side ASAP and answers a few basic questions satisfactorily. The team agrees to pass to along, at least.

Next, Vogel has two jobs for them, the first is to pick up a large device that it being air-dropped in shortly, stash it somewhere where it would be difficult to access or track magically, and leave it there with Carol. An optional stage 2, which they also accept, is to pick Carol and the device up from this location and get them into the center of the ARES vs Bugs fight Downtown at the moment of Vogel’s choosing, he thinks it will only be a few days from now. The team negotiates pay, and gets all the relevant info.

2nd job, Carol doesn’t know any details, but Vogel has prepped an info packet they can examine before negotiating pay, though they have to agree to the job before they can see it. They do so, and he passes them an encrypted file that MAMA has the key to decode. It seems they are meant to use Carol’s brother, Michael as a trojan horse of sorts to get a toxin attack in range of Damien Knight. Further assistance incoming via drone once they agree to terms. They negotiate with Carol for a major payday, and he takes off.

The Detective calls Ellis and passes along the message/warning, as well as Carol’s current contact info, she thanks them for it and says she’ll ponder it, quickly, and decide what to do. The team decides to use the van to conceal the device (and Carol) in the radioactive zone on Vendor’s Row, and head to Triple R to get radiation shielding upgraded, as well as add a concealed turret for the upcoming Downtown run. While they upgrade, Otters flies Tabasco in the VTOL, along with bird-form Dig over to the drop site, way on the west side in some farm country near Livonia.

They arrive and spot a half-size shipping container dropping down with 4 small corner chutes deployed a short while later. Unfortunately, they also spot an incongruous swarm of bats hanging out in the area, seemingly keeping an eye on them and the crate. Otters flies Creep over as well while they debate what to do. After some attempts to influence the swarm with spirit powers are counter-acted, Tabasco decides to take action, and shoots a bat. He is then quickly felled by a massive spell, and fall out of the tree he was perched in.

Creep tosses him in the VTOL and Otters zips him back to the Plat Zone for healing, as Creep pops some smoke grenades before nearly getting felled by another spell. Dig finally spots the caster- a powerful high level initiate is in bat form amidst the swarm, and with that Dig and Creep retreat inside the crate. Unfortunately this lets off a tiny moment of astral visibility to the strange and powerful magical device within. It looks similar to an ARES portal closer from Project: Bottleneck, but significantly modified. Dig analyzes it with his magic a bit, and gets spooked again.

They hear a voice with a Germanic accent outside the door, as Creep welds it shut from the inside and Dig holds it closed with magic fingers. The voice offers them power and safety if they hand over the device, which they refuse. Creep threatens to set it off rather than give it up, which the voice seems to believe. It asks where they are taking it and on who’s behalf, and Creep answers honestly, without explicitly identifying Vogel. The voice seems satisfied and says so long as they don’t deviate from their plan, he will merely watch, but that if they try to pull a fast one, they will have an issue.

The van finally arrives to find Creep and Dig still hiding inside (the crate seems EM shielded and they have lost comms inside), and they get the device loaded into the van and head out of there. They park it in the rad zone, fine-tuning their placement to maximize the effect while ensuring Carol and the van will survive without too much effect. Carol arrives, and Otters passes backup control to him in case of a comms loss. They then head back to the Plat Zone on foot, and start working on the next job.

Step one- they need an intact pheromone gland from an original ALPHA. They spend some time monitoring comms frequencies until they hear a promising alert for ALPHAS nearby from a spotter. They call out as “engaging”, and head out, using some tactics to proceed quietly and set an ambush. It works surprisingly well with The Detective providing some critical leadership. They take down the new ALPHAs before they even can respond, though the lone original ALPHA nearly kills Dig with a burst from their Excalibur. The team manages to finish them all off, and Creep and The Detective start burning the other corpses, while CG and Dig carefully extract the gland, Dig once again using esoteric magic to perform skills he doesn’t seem to possess, and declaring himself a surgeon.

They head back to the Plat Zone and debate whether to try the next step themselves or not, eventually deciding to contract it out to Stanli the Candyman. Dig flies over with the gland, and passes it off. Stanli takes a look at the instructions, and seems legit surprised. The team pays him extra to tell them what they are crafting, as they are also paying him to forget the whole thing after. He explains that essentially he will be able to extract and refine some pheromones from the gland to make a targeted toxin, so that when whoever they inject it into comes into smell-range of the target gene markers they will emit the tailored toxin.

Once they have the toxin, Dig flies back, as Stanli smokes some läes to forget. A drone delivery arrives, with a business card with Michael Turpentine’s number on it, and a small fancy box. Opening the box, they find a black chess king piece. Creep and Dig manage to put together that likely is the piece given to Aurelius, the ARES founder, in Big D’ Will, with the rest of the set given to Knight. Supposedly Knight has been seeking to acquire the piece in the years since the last of Aurelius’ line died, but has not succeeded. Putting it all together, they realize that giving this piece to Michael will allow them to get close enough to dose him with the tailored toxin, and that this piece will ensure Michael a meeting with Knight shortly thereafter.

They remember that Hendricks controlled the ALPHA breeding lab for some time, and ponder if he altered their genes to specifically want to target Knight if they encountered him, or if someone else did… regardless, they have their job to do. The Detective calls Michael’s private line, and arranges a meeting in the fancy Downtown hotel that he and some other corp higher-ups seem to be living in during the fighting. The Detective goes alone, smuggling in a flyspy that is being hot rigged by Otters, and with others on remote backup, watching through the Avatars linked tattoo that CG possesses.

Michael already seems hyped and a little drunk when The Detective arrives, and Otters manages to slip the drone past the observant corpsec onsite. The Detective goes along with Michael’s bro-y vibe, and gives him a big backslap just as Otters tags him with the drone’s injector, which seems to have been the perfect distraction, though Michael seems to be coming down with something a bit as they continue drinking. The Detective passes over the piece, and the team is a bit horrified to hear on the comms how desperate Michael still is for the approval and corporate success that has destroyed his family, especially as he casually reveals Damien Knight’s human-centric metaracism- mistaking him for his brother, etc.

Regardless, Michael seems well-satisfied, believing that this will ensure Knight remembers who he is and trusts him, and he tells The Detective he won’t forget them and what they’ve done for him. The Detective feels a little bad, as they know how this is likely to end, so gets out of there quickly, with Otters managing to sneak the drone back out as well. With that done, they just need to amass personal gear and wait for Vogel’s call to deliver Carol and the device….

Tarot Hunters Attack
3/7/2023, 9:57:21 AM
Runners
Creep
Chew Gum
Dig
Tabasco
Otters aka Roadkill
The Detective

Upon emerging from the tunnels and regrouping, the team finds that the Desolation Angels had managed to hold back a larger ALPHA assault, though a few got past, and they suffered some casualties. The injured and unconscious on the team get hauled to the triage center in the basement and treated, while the rest merely rest up. When everyone awakens, Praxis offers Tabasco the chance to join up with Ellis and them as a full time bug hunter but he turns it down for now. The team then gathers and begins discussing what to do with the info they have. Lacking some situational context, they report in to Ringmaster and Rifleman.

Rifleman thanks them for the mapping data and tells them that the Irregulars were able to make some good raids with it, though in response the tunnels have been flooded with some kind of modified Seven-7, making it very dangerous to operate underground for the moment. Which has also made the ghouls and BETAS/Deso Angels even more valuable allies. He leaves them with Ringmaster to discuss how to get paid.

Ringmaster tells them that there’s a large bounty for proof of Hendricks’ death, but it is through ARES, so he’d have to use a series for cutouts to get it, which would eat into the payday. They could also go to Vogel, though the pay would likely be less, but it would allow him to make some moves ahead of ARES knowing of the power vacuum underground. In the end, the team fills Ringmaster in, and then sells the info to Ellis, in order to let her make some moves herself for her new faction. They get significantly less pay but tighten their bonds with Ellis.

They then try to call home to make sure Iva is ready for incoming repair work, but noone picks up at the safehouse! Otters flies Tabasco up there in the VTOL and does some surveillance on the way- looks like bugs are falling back to Downtown fully, as are ARES forces as mercs and Irregulars try to kill ALPHAS and save civilians- the big battle may be reaching a finale! On reaching the safehouse, they find the entrances covered with magical vines, but no other obvious issues, though they can’t get in.

Dig flies up in bird form to join Tabasco as Otters drives the rest up in the van, carefully, to avoid combat encounters. Tabasco inquires with Zennia, but she says part of what they pay for is privacy, plus the neighborhood seems kind of edgy and post-combat themselves. Chatting further, it turns out there were some desperate bug breakouts, followed by the poison gas, and though they were contained, there were some local casualties and noone has seen Jaga- unusual but she keeps odd hours and wanders a lot.

The team, recognizing Jaga’s green magic as the source of the vines, manages to communicate their good intents and is allowed in past the magic barrier, after CG slips through and reports it looks like a major brawl took place inside. There is a lot of blood, Dig’s golem is shattered, and CG’s lodge has been desecrated, seemingly by shadow magic. They find a badly injured Jaga in a seed pod that seems to have preserved her, and Dig manages to heal her with a massive spell.

Questioning her, they find out that Iva seems to have been mind-controlled into letting the Hands of Fate into the safehouse and guiding them to the Tarot cards. By the time Jaga realized what was happening, they were already fighting the golem- they came in concealed and under a large area silence effect, making it extra creepy, but she says there were multiple metahumans and at least two massive shadow spirits in the astral. Quickly analyzing the scene before fleeing, they see at least 5 distinct blood traces- likely Iva (who is missing), Jaga, and 3 others.

Most of the blood seems to have come from one individual who looks to have been sacrificed to ruin CG’s lodge. The team flees back to the Platinum Zone, since Dig and Tabasco are both still badly injured, and they pay to get their armor fixed there. They rest again, and discussing next steps decide to hire Smoach and Myrryr to look into this further, and also make sure they didn’t get attacked too. S&M seem glad to hear from the team, their office was ransacked but they had taken precautions and their card is safe. They agree to investigate, and suggest that based on HOF SOP, Iva may still be slowly dying somewhere, if it isn’t already too late. While starting their investigation at the safehouse, they find a sketch of the 10 of Blades in Iva’s area, altered to have her face, and suggest the team think of places she might be. They head north to check the spot where they found Roderick.

It occurs to the team that they haven’t checked the bolthole, and they call into the radio there, hearing what sounds like knife actions and blood dripping. Tabasco insists on being flown down there immediately, with Dig accompanying in bird form, masking himself as best he can, worried about a trap. Tabasco rushes in, but unfortunately seems to have fallen under a dark influence and finds himself compelled to shoot the suspended and badly cut up Iva with a white phosphorous arrow, surely killing her. He still tries to apply a trauma patch, but lights himself on fire in the process. The team triggers the narcoject in his auto-injector, which they had added in case of mind control, and Otters rigs his body out of there back into the VTOL.

They call the landlord and have another humorous convo where she seems fine with their misadventures so long as they pay for the damage, as the rental market is in a current slump due to the crisis. They say they’ll get back to her but arrange for ghoul-based body disposal once the fire goes out. Knowing that Tabasco won’t be able to handle what he did (even though it wasn’t his fault), the team comes up with a lie- Iva was already dead, and Tabasco lit the unit on fire in anger, and asked to have his memory (and the footage) erased.

Otters calls up Howell, who helped her forget some of her past in Florida, and he provides an intro to a local dealer/info broker named Stanli the Candyman. Howell warns Dig that Stanli is forgetful but loves setting traps. Dig approaches carefully, avoiding various dangerous and deadly traps, and has an odd convo with Stanli, who seems to have started smoking some of the laës while waiting for Dig to arrive. He sells him a vial of the injectible variety and also some other drugs, and they does Tabasco, back at the Plat Zone for now til they figure out what to do re: safehouses.

Dig proposes that they can’t let themselves be bullied, and keeps almost giving up the lie to Tabasco, but Tabasco seems willing enough to go along with it that they all manage to keep it together. Eventually, everyone gets talked into Dig’s plan, which is to hunt down the Hands of Fate/shadow spirit and get their Tarot cards back. Jaga, Dig and CG do a massive ritual to track them down, with The Detective being flown around Detroit in the VTOL as the spotter. They eventually track them to a dilapidated farmhouse way outside of town near Ypsilanti.

Not wanting to rush into an incredibly dangerous situation, they start making lists of necessary gear and the like. Meanwhile, Tabasco heads out to Metal Maniacs where he gets hand razors installed and pays one of the gangers there to buff him like Iva used to. They accidentally trigger his orgasm switch while doing so, which is a weird experience for him. Creep hides the remaining 2 tarot cards (sealed up) in his leg waste compartment, and heads up north to try to get his parachute back from the jailbreak mission.

When he arrives, he sees that new go-gangers have taken over the whole area around the Blight, and the jail is badly burnt down. He chats with some Ancients, including the 2 the team rescued, and they confirm that anything flammable at the jail is long destroyed. Oh well. One of the Ancients, who seems magical, warns Creep that some kind of dark spirit is pursuing him, and gives him some tips on how to ditch it. He accepts a ride from them back to the north edge of the NGZ, and hides out near the nuke detonation site for a while to ditch astral tracing, then sneaks back to the Plat Zone, where he gets a biopocket installed to hide their remaining few major arcana from astral sight.

The team continues to go back and forth on whether to cash the ARES bounty before it’s too late, since CG gathered some bio-samples of Hendricks’ exploded corpse, with Dig adamantly for it, Tabasco adamantly opposed (ARES killed his parents, as he says) and the rest of the crew vacillating between. However, they need to gear up for this shadow spirit raid….

Into the Tunnels
2/21/2023, 6:21:06 PM
Runners
Creep
Chew Gum
Dig
Tabasco
Otters aka Roadkill
The Detective

Tabasco returns after helping protect the Platinum Zone from bug assault, which also further cemented their alliance with Ellis and Praxis. The team debriefs a bit and talks Dig out of making a potentially sketchy deal with Grandmother Biyu to get a much better deck than he can afford in exchange for having a constant info channel open to the Triad. Dig instead borrows money from many on the team and gets a decent deck. Tabasco upgrades one of his arms, going obvious to get more capacity for mods.

After doing a few more assorted sabotage and magic fly-by’s to keep pressure on the Mafia at the port, the team decides to head into the tunnels and deal with Otto Hendricks once and for all. Given that bugs are locked in combat with the newly arrived MET2000 reinforcements, along with all the previous combatants, and that this is luring far flung ALPHAS back to the city center, the team figures noone will be looking for an alpha strike on the Henricks himself, so they hope to sneak in.

They decide to use the tunnel that emerged near the Plat Zone as an entry point, and spend a while training and gearing up for the mission as sounds of heavy combat continue all around them. They head down, and using drones and spirits, manage to bypass a few initial traps, including tunneling around an alarm ward by magically reshaping concrete in an old subway station. Otters reports back to the Plat Zone on progress until her drone doesn’t return one time, and they worry they are surrounded. Dig, in wolf form, is doing an impressive job astrally tracking Hendricks based on his and CG’s ritual prep.

As they enter a large multi-chamber area, seemingly a major old underground station, a massive magical barrier drops down behind them- a trap! 4 massive spirits manifest and attack the team, with the team managing to avoid taking serious damage and felling 2 of the spirits before coming under attack from Hendricks and his bodyguards, wielding Gauss rifles, which shred Tabasco’s armor badly. They get in a brutal throwdown fight, but are making progress when some ALPHA’s. lured by the strong bug magic being thrown around, breech through the magical barriers since Hendricks is distracted with the battle.

Hendricks’ bodyguards appear suicidally loyal, and keep taking hits for him, though they manage to fell Tabasco with their railguns. CG and Dig’s spirits manage to keep the rest of the team reasonably safe, and the ALPHAs make quick work of the surviving bug spirit, though they also shoot Otters’ prone body as they enter, not bothering to stop and confirm their kill, luckily for her she had upgraded her armor before this mission. CG snaps the small bone charm he was given by Li Wei, which summons a Blood Spirit, and he and Dig send a spirit each after Hendricks.

He quickly banishes the blood spirit and destroys Dig’s spirit with astral combat, and the ALPHAs destroy both of CG’s necro spirits, a bad day for spirit rep for both of them. Dig and CG flee the ALPHAs further in, chasing Hendricks and his lone remaining guard further underground. The team fells one ALPHA up top as CG takes out the final bodyguard, and Dig manages to trap Hendricks with an embarassing/overcast magic fingers grapple. DIg holds Hendricks prone, while Otters’ drone, Creep and the ALPHA all attack him.

Unfortunately, it seems like he had one final plan and detonates a mine he has built into his armor, nearly killing Creep and Dig, damaging the ALPHA, and destroying the drone. Creep and CG manage to take down the ALPHA as it tries to KO and infest Dig, who barely survives. Otters salvages what she can from the mule, and CG distros some Buffout so that the team can haul Tabasco out. They race back up the tunnel as quick as they can, hoping the flyspys that Otters sent back ahead would have reported any obstructions.

They get lucky, and safely reach the Platinum Zone, where Tabasco is revived, though he looks much the worse for wear, and the rest of the team heals up a bit, before debriefing.

Artifact Heist
2/6/2023, 10:47:13 AM
Runners
Creep
Chew Gum
Dig
Tabasco
Otters aka Roadkill
The Detective

With the Blight still hot and aggressively guarded post-prison break, the team heals up for a few days, and the contractors for the job go their separate ways. After everyone is basically back to normal, they decide to pay Kong to keep the van safe til they can get it out, and pay the Maulers to smuggle them out through the McKenzie Arcology, which goes smoothly. They travel back to the safehouse on foot, except for Dig who goes in bird form, and manage to gun down two fresh, hungry alphas who attack them on the way, without any significant damage to themselves.

Dig insists on solving the mystery of one of the 6WT greater arcana: the Avatars. He does decipher how to resolve it, but tries to participate in bird form and misses out on the boon. The other 3 participants (Chew Gum, The Detective and Otters) all gain a visual only shared sensory connection with the other 2 that, after some experimentation, seems able to bypass magical defenses with ease. They experiment a bit more and plan to use it for recon until it runs out. Unfortunately, it does magically link them also and makes them a bit more astrally visible.

The team does some planning and recon for the heist for Howell;s mysterious Johnson, and finds that the artifact in question is a Tzuri Group Janus statue of some sort, a recent loan to the private museum in Grosse Pointe’s ritzy Casa Aurelius gated neighborhood. The Detective uses their good SIN to gain access and tours the museum, under the effect of a catalog spell ritual from Dig and Chew Gum, though they are forced to let the spell go when they trigger some passive museum security and are confronted by guards. Overall, the place seems quite chill however, and they quickly make a plan to sneak, bypass the detected security features, and replace the artifact with a well-made copy, hopefully leaving noone any the wiser for at least some amount of time.

In other news about town, ARES has apparently dug deep in their remaining coffers and secured the services of MET2000, one of the world’s largest merc corps. They are expected to arrive within the week, which may dramatically change the situation on the ground. Otters, on behalf of the team, also shares some intel and info with Ringmaster – specifically discussing Ellis and her trustworthiness, given her altered status. The Irregulars are debating an offer to unite or at least collab with the BETAs and Desolation Angels, and seem to legit value the team’s input.

They also warn that Carol and Vogel are very much still looking for Ellis, so the team should expect contact at some point. They discuss Kensington and the Comeadai network, and Ringmaster fills them in on the Black Lodge’s likely involvement- from what he could tell, Kensington was a former member of the Seer’s Guild, a powerful Euro foretelling org, which is heavily infiltrated by the BL. What was done to him also seems like a classic BL punishment/experiment, and they are definitely invested in the secrets of the Seelie Court, so it feels feasible.

Armed with knowledge and a plan, the team prepares to make the imitation artifact and get the heist down before the arrival of MET2000 changes the situation on the ground. The heist goes pretty well, with the team first making contact with the small local Seoul’Pa presence via Chew Gum in order to upgrade some SINs. Creep gets his good enough to get into Casa Aurelius, and heads in carrying Dig’s hacking rig. He stashes it in a tree near the museum, where Dig flies in in bird form, and puts on his custom animal form trodes with his magic fingers.

Dig manages to hack the cameras on the museum and make it look like Creep left, while Creep actually hides in a utility closet. Once the museum closes, Creep sneaks around and lets Otter’s mule drone in, after Otters drops it off with the VTOL. The mule drone sneaks to the third floor and disables the automatic security shutter, while Creep carefully bypasses the physical and digital security, and swaps out the near exact replica that CG crafted, also swapping the digital sensors and trackers attached.

Unfortunately, Dig doesn’t really understand the matrix, and GOD comes down on him, destroying his deck and badly injuring him. He leaves the area, and Creep and the drone hide inside overnight while the team figures out a plan. The next day, the Detective returns to the museum at opening while Dig, in bird form, uses a spirit of beasts to control animals from around the neighborhood to rush dozens of cats, dogs, rats etc into the museum , causing some chaos, during which Creep and the drone sneak off, with Otters flying the drone and artifact away in the VTOL.

Otters makes the drop off to Howell after flying through some toxic zones to ditch magical traces. The team then connects with Grandmother Biyu so Dig can learn some new spells and try to get a new deck. The rest of the team quickly determines that she is a high ranking Triad, and they get down to biz. She wants to take turf from the mafia while ARES is on their back foot, and offers the team whatever level of involvement they want. After some debate, they agree, and begin planning a disinformation and sabotage campaign.

While that happens, Ellis warns of a major upcoming bug assault, and Tabasco manages to help fend off a direct attack on the Platinum Zone, while the rest of the team helps prep defenses in Hamtramck. After multiple ARES positions collapse, some under shelling from their own command Downtown, MET2000 dramatically drops in with gravjets and starts pushing the bugs back and holding the line. Luckily, ARES has had to also call in all backup, so Otters finally gets the team van back from the Blight, and notices that there seem to be some incipient go-gangers starting to build up bikes and war rigs and preparing to leave the Blight as well….

How Does This Mouse Know Everything
1/21/2023, 10:14:02 AM
Runners
Creep
Chew Gum
Dig
Tabasco
Otters aka Roadkill
The Detective
and some assistance from: Leonid Svaja and The Brokenheart

Leonid, having come to town for bonus pay with the Irregulars and looking for some side work now that some of the funding has dried up, gets recommended by Kong as a freelancer in look of work to help with the prison break. Noticing the team’s imperfect grasp of social skills, he also suggests hiring on the washed-up boy band star/face/adept The Brokenheart, Kamizan 0 to fill those gaps. Brokenheart got stuck in town after a con appearance got crashed by Horizon hired goons and he had to lay low with a fan for a bit and got stuck inside the wall during Latvian Gambit, and he’s out of drug money so he’s desperate for work.

Dig heads out to meet up with Grandmother Biyu to learn some spells, and finds what looks like a small Triad setup to cook and feed people during the crisis. They seem to be operating pretty freely in the dangerous Vendor’s Row so that implies some power at least. They have a slightly esoteric conversation as Dig realizes that Biyu is teaching him the spells as she makes him help cook. She also says she has some work for him- she needs to acquire some territory in town which is currently possessed by others. Dig agrees and says he’ll circle back soon.

The team all links up, arranges pay with Praxis, and gets access to a Desolation Angels bus they can beef up and use for the prisoner rescue. They add run flats and a ram plate, and get Leonid and Otters hooked into the rigger interface. Chew Gum does some astral surveillance on the prison while the 2 riggers do some drone flybys and Creep and Tabasco scout the neighborhood. The team has to remind Tabasco to cover all his extensively buffed and shiny cyber to avoid detection. Otters heads to Run and Sollars and gets some info on the building- an old and not very updated structure. They make an initial plan for entry and start acquiring the necessary gear.

They get a rocket launcher and a bunch of EMP’s from The Trading Post, and fly to the Plat Zone to acquire some C4. Dig turns into a mouse and rides in Creep’s pocket, along with most of the EMP’s, 7 flyspys and a miniwelder, while Creep gets dropped on the roof of the prison by the VTOL and infiltrates the old vents. They spend a night sneaking around and surveilling, and manage to use the mouse and flyspy’s to get messages to the prisoners they need to break out, hoping they can also get a few more if they get the chance. In the morning, Creep sets the C4 (which Leonid had pre-shaped) above the facility spider’s rigger cocoon, and tells the team it’s go time.

Leonid, having mounted the rocket launcher on his roto-drone, and waits while Tabasco climbs up the side of the toxic Chrysler Valley to cut the perimeter fence. Brokenheart heads up to the front gate and starts performing and jumping around to magically distract the guards. He pulls 3 of the patrollers off, which gives Tabasco enough time to cut the fence, though he attracts the attention of 4 exterior rail drones and 1 remaining patroller. Creep falls back in the vents and detonates the C4 as Leonid launches the rocket. They blow open the side of the admin wing and take out the spider in one go, and then Tabasco comes under heavy fire.

He retreats into the building with Chew Gum getting flown in by the VTOL and dropped inside also. Otters sends the bus over to back up Brokenheart with it’s newly mounted LMG, as the guards out front are coming back to their senses. Creep drops down from the vent as Dig summons a spirit, and they quickly take out the 2 on shift security mages. They get in a gun, magic, and EMP battle with the drones and sec guards, and the bus almost gets wrecked before Otters can pull it back. Leonid hot swaps back to an assault rifle on his roto-drone to provide cover fire, while CG uses his corpse spirit for long distance powers on exterior guards and Otters starts heading over in the mule drone.

With some massive pulse spells and lightning bolts, followed up by prodigious gunfire and arrows, the team manages to take out all the surrounding guards, thinking there are likely only a few deeper in. Tabasco is nearly killed and is hopped up on slap patches to keep going. Otters gets into the detention wings with the mule drone, which is nearly destroyed in an ambush. The team manages to take out the two guards firing from cover while Dig uses his new mind probe spell to learn the secrets of the facility from the lone living captured guard, as well as his deep personal feelings, before killing him.

Brokenheart heads in, talks the last guard into surrendering, and walks him out as CG’s spirit further compels him to flee and not call backup. He does. They start cutting through the locked down cell bolts, as they fried the spider’s controls so can’t digitally open doors. Otters and Leonid get drones airborne, and spot KE reinforcement coming their way, so they have to hustle. They just manage to free the 6 Desolation Angels, 3 Razorboyz Edge runners, 2 Ancients, and assassinate the one First Union member before the backup arrives, and Otters and Leonid race towards the Blight, laying down suppressive fire in front and behind.

They smash through the border gate, destroying the bus, and tell the people aboard to flee into the Blight as they team cover them. Otters then drives deeper in, hiding the van, as KE forms up at the entrance but seems reluctant to pursue. The team has really burned themselves with ARES but gained a lot of good rep with locals and gangers, and makes a good chunk of cash as well! Onto the next job!

Alternate Paths
1/18/2023, 12:46:38 PM
Runners
Tabasco
Creep
Chew Gum
Dig
Otters aka Roadkill
and introducing: The Detective

With the disturbing news about the disappearance (or at least the disappearance from sensors) of the UCAS Army III Corps, as well as the nearby town of Dutchville, PA, the team has a mildly fraught morning discussing possibilities, exit strategies, and survival plans. Otters is glad she got her reflex augment surgery in beforehand as this is likely to make things even scarcer and more expensive. Chew Gum returns from learning a new necromantic ritual from Li Wei, who seems a bit creepier than the team file had previously suggested. He also buys a Mortis Optigram off of Smoach and Myrryr who say that they just kept it around on the off-chance and can’t actually use it.

Meanwhile, across town, The Detective finally emerges from their depressive state/bath after grieving Locke’s death for a week. Absent their protege and source of street intel, they feel it is perhaps finally time to get back out there themselves, work the angles. Having also caught the radio broadcast about the III Corps mystery, The Detective is hooked and on the case. They can only think of one obvious place to turn initially- the team Locke was running with before their death. The Detective chooses Tabasco to reach out to, based on the limited psych workup they have done on the crew from Locke’s reports.

Tabasco, quickly feeling a bit out of his depth, brings most of the rest of the team in on the call, absent Dig who is sealing the mafia hole up and currently unreachable. They all agree to meet The Detective and suggest the Tin Can bar, which Locke seems to have not told The Detective is right in front of their safehouse (score one for team norms). They debrief a bit back and forth, commiserate about Locke’s untimely passing, and discuss some ongoing mysteries: Tarot, Fear The Dark, III Corps. Most of the crew claims to not be in the world saving business so The Detective pays them a decent consulting fee for the info share.

An urgent call to a meeting at the Platinum Zone comes over the bar’s radio setup, and Marv manages to punch a message through to The Detective with an invite as well, so they all load into the team van and then drive down. Otters does some impressive sneaky driving while the others keep lookout- they see that the 77th Independent Rangers are policing their zone as well so they have their Irregulars transponder ready to broadcast if needed, but don’t get spotted. It looks like the large pack of ALPHAS on the north edge of Downtown have been driven off or moved on, also, leaving devastation in their wake.

They reach the Plat Zone with no trouble and start to head inside but get halted by security who recognize Chew Gum’s corpse spirit host as one of the would-be assassins from the last big meeting. They go to tackle the spirit and luckily Tabasco intervenes and explains before CG is able to try to use mental manipulation powers on the guards, as Tabasco remembers there is constant magical surveillance as well. They check their corpse spirit at the door and head in. They get ushered over into the Brickhouse side through knocked in interior passages along the block, it seems increasingly fortified every time they visit.

Waiting there are the Irregular command: Ringmaster, setting up an AR projector deck, Ravenheart looking calm and collected, and Rifleman, all keyed up, Marv greets The Detective as they enter but is otherwise hanging back for this. Once enough Irregulars have arrived, Ringmaster starts the presentation. Bad news: not only has III Corps vanished or dropped off sensors (both worrying), Jackpoint, The Nexus, Frozen Shadows, and Asgard Data Haven all appear to have been taken down. They present the last batch of messages that Electric Blue was able to pull before getting badly dump shocked, and it looks bad- a coordinated attack shortly after the III Corps news came through.

Without easy outside access to funding, recruitment, and buyers, Ringmaster warns that Irregulars will be seeing reduced support and pay, though they will continue to do what they can. Most of the mercs grumble but hang with it- this was a volunteer position after all. Some of the locals and some of the out of towners bail, resigning their commissions, but most stay. Although they can’t really afford even those losses, Ringmaster sells it as a further loyalty test: now everyone knows that the ones who remain are there for the right reasons and will have each other’s backs, whatever comes next.

Tabasco tries to broach some speculations about what caused all this, and gets shut down on doing it publically, but Ringmaster tells everyone to share any intel with leadership- they need to be on their toes and not engaging in wild speculation at the moment. Still, plenty of rumors are circulating the room, from the plausible to the truly outlandish. The team also notices there are more ghouls mixed into the Irregulars than previous- more arrivals from Chicago perhaps? They head to the back to share their suspicions with the leadership.

When in the back, Ringmaster seals it up and tells them it’s a newly installed Faraday cage. He also runs a white noise machine and scans everyone for bugs, as well as instructing everyone to disable recording and comms. They all do, and the team suggests that the attack on the boards was likely the fault of the Null Sect. They hardwire a copy of the Null Doc to Ringmaster, who confirms that he has heard of the NS, though the team has more specific info on them than he does. The Detective sits in the corner taking frantic notes: another mystery! The rest of leadership is unfamiliar, but gets brought quickly up to speed, with Ringmaster reinforcing the team’s dire warning about ANY digital transmission involving the NS.

They get some more intel than was shared publicly as well, and are given a month-long codebook, to go old school with radio encryption. Creep secrets it away on his person, and they are told to destroy it if they look likely to be captured or killed.Most of the other Irregular units will just get daily code books with their assignments for the day, but some of the more specialist crews and farther flung operators are getting longer term ones to reduce travel risk. While the team is driving back they have an internal discussion about what to do with The Detective, since they already know so much.

They sit down at the Tin Can and gets some drinks, with Tabasco getting Iva to fashion him a drinking pipe/horn to get around his junkyard jaw “drinking problems” (i.e. cutting up glasses and mugs). After some further interviewing, they pass The Detective the team norms, which they eagerly sign, and the team adds them to the team file, with a warning that they can’t just instantly rabbit hole on all the info and need to also do some work. The Detective agrees, and seems to think they just won’t sleep for a while maybe. On the night’s RFD broadcast, they hear that ARES has cut loose The Cutters, after their leader refused to throw a bunch of her people into a meat grinder suicide mission in the Downtown tunnels. They’ve pulled back from positions around the city and taken over a large old bank Downtown as an HQ. Tabasco tries to call his “uncle” Don Michaels, and finds out that he’s too late- Michaels was killed in the fighting.

They all crash at the safehouse, and awaken to a meeting request from Ellis. Heading north, they sneak out of the No-Go-Zone, with Otters once again showing off her skills. They reach the Mackenzie Arcology overlooking the Blight, and enter. The Maulers look to have taken back their turf after the Cutters pulled back. Otters exchanges brief nods and chat with them, confirming that the smuggling tunnels under the Arcology into the Blight are still open if needed. They use the access codes Ellis provided to head up a few floors and head into the unit they were told.

They find Ellis there, along with Praxis, who noone on the team had seen since late Chicago, and who is the only Desolation Angel present. Also there are Pretty and Needles from Long Pig Farms and a few more ghouls the team doesn’t know, who look like heavy hitters. Everyone is armed and armored but not showing any aggression. Ellis invites them to sit and they do. She asks that they hear her out, and then if they’re willing to work together, Praxis will offer them a job. She begins.

Ellis explains that she has found an alternate path forward for both metahumanity and insect spirits: the true voluntary merge. She says that as it can only be entered willingly by both sides, it differs from any other previous merges, though she modeled the concept off of the Desolation Angel mantid merges, which are voluntary but still largely consume the original host, leaving some memories, personality etc intact and present but not exactly in charge. Ellis says she is terming the new process the “BETA” to counter the macho/destructive ALPHA program.

Chew Gum gets suspicious and assenses both Ellis and Praxis, and sees that their auras look weirdly similar, though in Praxis’ case the bug aspect seems dominant, whereas in Elli’s case both seem equal. CG also notices Ellis drop her impressive aura making to let him see this. Inquiring what exactly she did, she explains that she was forced to merge with the nymph sample that previous team members secured for her in Chicago, when her lab was raided and the current team wasn’t able to get her out in time. She explains that she had planned to appeal to Vogel for continued funding and protection while she kept investigating her “alternate path”, but that now she has moved completely beyond that and believes ARES has nothing to offer her.

Also, while she trusts Vogel more than anyone else who might end up in charge, she doesn’t think he really has what it takes to cleanse the corp of it’s internal evils to the extent necessary. She does explain that she can replicate the BETA process on others, and plans to, though she reiterates that it requires willingness on both ends- ALPHAS were willing humans with forced bugs, initially, and now are something else, and worse, with their ability to breed, which she admit was a terrible feature to include. And standard bug is an unwilling host with a willing bug. She compares it to being more similar to Monad-ism, in terms of synergistically merging personalities. CG concedes that this does appear to be astrally accurate, but the team has some intense internal discussion about what to do.

Deciding that even if they wanted to (which most don’t but some do), they couldn’t take out Ellis and survive, they decide to take Praxis’ job for now and discuss more later. Pretty also explains that Ellis is continuing to help develop sustainable ghoul food in her free time, and the ghouls seems to treat her a bit reverently, as she also tipped them off to ALPHA edibility. Praxis explains that with the Cutters pulled back, ARES’ private prisons are notably understaffed- there’s one main facility they brought the gangers they rounded up to, and have been recruiting out of for tunnel rat missions. Praxis wants the other Desolation Angels out, and suggests the team could make some new friends by freeing others as well, if they want.

She also explains that she has no desire to kill Ellis, even as a dedicated bug hunter who needs to consume bugs to breed. She seems to be of her right mind and speaking freely as far as the team can tell, and seems to have fully bough into Ellis’ plan. Tabasco also asks the ghouls if there are ghoul gourmands who would like to feast on specific ALPHA parts and they seem interested. So for now, the team leaves, and starts planning a prison break!

Maps, Tunnels, and Hostages
1/9/2023, 3:07:44 PM
Runners
Creep
Dig
Otters aka Roadkill

Otters rejoins the crew, having gotten Moreau sufficiently set up at the Bloomfield biodrone reserve for the time being. Tabasco needs to spend some time prowling the city and getting a feel for the vibes again, so takes off for a bit. Chew Gum continues to help out the local area and communities that he and Jaga have connected with. Dig and Creep convince Otters to make an appointment at the Run and Sollars Private Library to look for some tunnel maps. Otters, having used their resources before, does so, careful not to mention his connection to the 3 who were there the day prior, when they trashed the place a bit and killed some Shifting Pyre guys who were legit clients.

Otters VTOLs over, and sees that the library is still being defended by the steampunk-y runner crew, who he recognizes as a hacker gang called The Coquillards. They’re loosely French-Canadian nationalists, which explains why they didn’t come to the big meeting at the Plat Zone, as they believe Windsor should split back off from Detroit. Luckily, this means they aren’t familiar with Otters’ new crew, so she doesn’t run into any trouble there. She does share some intel with their leader Prospero about the UCAS Army III Corps headed their way, which they appreciate.

Then Otters spends a while researching and finds an old KE training map about Detroit Down Below navigation, as well as some intel suggesting that ghoul communities might be good to reach out to. She also finds the name of a library volunteer “Daiyana Dimeeko” who seems to have annotated some of these files most recently. Dig keeps working on re-building his ritual circle in the long storage bolt hole, while Creep catches up on some flatvid reruns off his hard drive.

They link back up and decide to reach out to some of the ghouls they know, and radio over to Smee at Neverland Candy Shoppe. Smee tracks down Rains for them and a few hours later they chat on the radio, and make an agreement to trade the ghouls for updated DDB/tunnel maps in exchange for helping the ghouls deal with whoever is behind Fear The Dark locally, and with pushing out good PR about the ghoul community here.

Rains puts them in touch with a Chicago ghoul named Pretty who is in town looking to see if Long Pig Farms could take advantage of the chaos and move up here, and the team arranges to meet her at the Plat Zone that evening. While travelling around the city the team notices that a merc corp, the 77th Independent Rangers, seems to be significantly bolstering ARES forces in Zones 1 and 5, but combat seems to have settled down a bit in both areas.

They arrive for the meet at the Plat Zone, and find the area further expanded and fortified. Pretty is waiting for them with a small mixed group of local and Chicago ghouls who they don’t know, and is made up to appear as “baseline human” as possible- more effective at a distance than up close where it gets a little uncanny valley, but she explains that it helps her be a point of contacts with local normies and civilians who aren’t necessarily used to dealing with ghouls, ARES having kept the large underground community fairly secret.

She shares a PR doc that previous team members had helped write in Chicago with the current team, some of whom recognize it from the team file. She says it helped a lot in the Bug City wrap up times, but without the bugs as a unifying threat, those in power in Chicago are using fear of infection (and FTD) to make ghouls and vamps the new bogeymen to justify their crackdowns in the CZ as the corps continue to rebuild and reclaim there. It’s still a good party, but maybe not for the Infected anymore.

She tells the team to feel free to share that doc around, but that they have a few more specific jobs in mind to trade for the underground maps. She suggests looking for wealthy vamps or other secret cabals who would benefit from using Fear the Dark as a fearmongering tool- since a lot of lone wolves claim the name, they’ll likely never be able to stop them entirely, but if they can cut off the head of the org, locally, it should go a long way.

She also wants them to track down Ellis- apparently Ellis had a dead man’s switch which sent a message to the Chicago ghouls about the viability of eating ALPHA flesh, and Pretty wants to return the favor, especially as Ellis had hinted at possible further ghoul food developments she was working on in her free time. As far as Pretty can tell, Ellis was grabbed by the mafia, then grabbed by some organleggers and stashed at the port and then captured by maggots when they breached the stacked human smuggling cargo containers from underground.

Dig’s been getting some looks from various people at the Plat Zone as he is only wearing illusory clothes to make his animal form transitions easier, so he mods his illusion so that his shirt reads “Choose to Believe.” People seem to have larger concerns but Otters gets a little worried about how this would go over in more polite company in the future. Regardless, the team agrees to the job, and Pretty says the ghouls will have some transports ready for any other hostages the team can rescue from the maggots, to bring them to the Plat Zone to get checked out for Inhabitation and generally healed up.

The team heads over to the port and finds it fully and openly under mafia control. Dig goes up to talk to them and they seem weirded out by him and his nakedness but intrigued by his proposal, til Otters jumps in and uses her good rep to get the Mancino family fixer Mr. Friday to intervene. He seems to recognize Dig and Creep from a previous bad run-in with the mob, but Otters is solid enough and the plan seems to their benefit so he agrees. The team agrees to seal the hole after they’re done (with magic) and track down the traitorous infiltrators that Friday says were involved in the initial collapse. He charges the team a bit of money on principle but they pay up, and repel down the large crater in the midst of the piled stacks of isontainer in The Yards. The mafia has it ringed with autoguns and sensors, which they don’t turn off as the team rappels down, an eerie feeling.

They find the wreckage of 2 stacks of isotainers that dropped into the large hole, and evidence that it was blown open rather than tunneled. Looking inside the containers, they find evidence of longterm people holding/smuggling- racks of cheap bunks with restraints and IV’s. Dig, in dog form, plus a spirit he summons, plus all the drones manage to sense a few trails, and correctly ID which one the hostages were brought down, while Creep uses his navigation implants to orient them while travelling in the pitch black tunnels, a mix of man-made and bug dug.

They eventually track their way to a massive old storm overflow cistern, filled with about 100 captives, who are overseen by 4 ant workers who are slowly walking through the crowd feeding them some kind of goop. The captives seems more sedated than restrained. As they watch, 2 beetle warriors emerge from the opposite tunnel and grab 2 of the captives and lead them off somewhere- likely for inhabitation. They make a quick plan, and Otters doubles back with the spirit guarding him to set up 2 C4 charges, while Creep sneaks through the crowd of captives to place the 3rd.

The team sneaks past another worker spirit in the tunnels while doing so, lines up their shots, and then hits the detonators and triggers their ambush. They manage to drop all 4 worker spirits before they can respond, and successfully fully or partially collapse all 3 tunnels they were aiming to. They debate trying to winch the captive back up through the mafia-guarded hole, but hearing some angry digging sounds from beyond the collapsed tunnel areas, decide to take a faster but more dangerous route. Otters zips down the new tunnel under the water, which looks like a recent bug connection to Otto Hendricks’ old turf in North Windsor, and though it is leaking it isn’t collapsed yet.

She pauses to plant some explosives at a weak point while Dig throws up some concrete spells to further hold back bug pursuer and the spirit and Creep get the captives moving. They seem quite docile so once they start going it isn’t too hard to get them all going along, though the team is only able to save 80 out of 100. They blow the tunnel just behind another concrete spell and fell a terrible water pressure rush in, washing away the pursuing bugs and eventually shooting a little geyser of water out of the concealed basement exit they find in Windsor.

They call up the ghouls to pick up the survivors for medical care, and one of the survivors comes over and removes a magical diguise- it’s Ellis! She thanks the team for the rescue and says she’ll go with the ghouls for now and debrief them later. They ask her what happened to the nymph and she tells them not to worry about it. The team, having previously committed to letting her make her own choice between ghouls and Vogel, and with Dig unable to read her aura, let her go.

Pretty and Rains seems satisfied, and send the updated maps, with the promise from the team that they will continue to help with the FTD and PR issues. Now they just need to track down and kill Otto Hendricks! On a few nights worth of Radio Free Detroit, they hear a couple updates: it seems like the local situation has entered a kind of stalemate, with ARES (Knight) vs. Irregulars vs. Bugs (+ Hendricks’ ARES assets) vs. ALPHAS, where ALPHAS are the terrifying wildcard who prefer to fight bugs but will fight anyone. There are reports that Zones 1 and 5 are relatively safe for Irregulars as long as they are running ID, as the 77th Independent Rangers have repeatedly refused ARES orders to fire on fellow mercs, so long as they aren’t firing at them first.

Dig calls around looking for someone to teach him the Mind Probe spell, which Myrryr seems to regard as deeply unethical. Smoach agrees to help though, and gets him a contact from someone in Vendors Row, if she’s still alive, named Grandmother Biyu. The team is awoken by an unscheduled update on the radio- the UCAS Army III Corps, as well as a town in western PA that they were near, appear to have vanished. Jackpoint, Nexus, Asgard etc are all freaking out trying to figure out if it’s a new camo system or something more sinister, but it seems something is definitely afoot…..

Pyrography
1/2/2023, 3:08:04 PM
Runners
Tabasco
Creep
Dig

After Locke’s tragic death, Chew Gum takes some time to compose an epic poem in their memory, and also reports to the team the body of the Hands of Fate assassin in their safehouse has some weird magical traces that could use a closer look. Otters heads out to clear her head as well, and gets busy helping Moreau get all the rescued biodrones settled and rehoused. The remainder of the team starts looking into what’s up with this assassin, and enlist the assistance of the PPI’s Smoach and Myrryr, uncovering that as well as Myrryr’s skills at using bird messengers, Smoach is a technomancer, so they have some unique comms abilities in the present crisis. They convince S&M to come to the Tin Can, since the team’s group mobility is limited in Otters’ absence.

They trade notes with S&M about Hands of Fate, Roderick Kensington, and the Tarot, with Tabasco semi-accidentally revealing waaay too much info about the team’s knowledge, involvement, and possession of the Tarot. S&M are totally hooked by the mystery, however, and agree to help out. The team loans them one card to help their investigation while S&M try to track down Kensington, who they fear may be dead. The team give S&M one of their remaining radios.

Meanwhile, Creep checks in (awkwardly) with the radio operator at the Plat Zone, and hears that the Windsor runner crew lead by Rose left a message for them- they have something they think the team will want, and told them to get in touch when possible. Knowing that Rose is also a TM, Tabasco figures they can get ahold of them once in Windsor, and Dig wants to head to his magical lodge at the Bolthole there anyway to try to use a ritual to track down the Hands of Fate.

Dig flies down there in bird form, while Tabasco is piloted down in the VTOL, setting up one more radio at the Bolthole as well to keep comms up with Creep in Otter’s absence. Creep joins them, also via VTOL after finishing his comms checkins. Dig casts the ritual with Tabasco as the focus, with a spirit assisting. They quickly spot 4 individuals, fairly close by, thinking about the Eclipse card, that they know Kensington possessed. They scout the rough area the thoughts popped up from, and with some intel from S&M over the radio, find out that it is an obscure physical documents collection/private library called Run and Sollars.

Tabasco also calls up the Windsor crew, and they trade them the final radio for the items they found that they thought the team would want- maps of new bug tunnels recovered from Hendrick’s former north Windsor stronghold! The Windsor crew says they’re looking to set something up on Belle Isle proper once the fires go out from the wrecked ARES airbase, and is doing some preliminary scouting. They once again affirm that they prefer to get paid, but thought this was too important of intel not to share, and trust the team more than the Irregulars at the moment, as a somewhat known quantity.

S&M also report back that they found Roderick Kensington murdered deep in some toxic woods in the Auburn Blight. He had been strung up between 2 trees, and repeatedly shallowly cut, and likely bled to death over hours, though whoever did it didn’t stick around. A bloody handprint is smeared on his chest, likely in his own blood, and his stuff is trashed. No sing of his Tarot card or his notes on the Tarot (or the team), also. They say they need to do more analysis at a lab, away from the toxic magic zone.

The team then heads over to scout the private library, and Creep sneaks into the massive vents on the old building. He spots 4 individuals consulting documents, with 2 librarians occasionally bringing more over. He ID’s one of them as the leader, though their insignia, such as it is, is subtle and not obviously corp, merc or gang. Dig bribes one of the librarians to let him in the front door, but the leader of the group of 4 sees through his illusory clothing, as do some of the others- and wondering why a naked old man with an eyepatch, collar, and rocky deposits projecting from his skin just wandered in, decide to take a closer look.

The leader flips down some goggles, and tells the other 3 that Dig “has some traces on him” and to grab him. The 3 rush over to dog pile Dig, which they do, but he shifts to a cockroach and escapes before they can inject him with…. something. Creep takes out the leader with a couple shots, but not before the leader uses some enchanted knucks to badly hurt Dig’s spirit. The other 3 flee after Tabasco badly injures one of them, after breaking down the front door with a crowbar. Tabasco manages to slip a tracker on the injured guy as they flee, and follows at a distance.

The dwarf librarian is very upset by all this, and berates Creep and Dig, who shifts backs to human form to loot the leaders corpse, and grab a bunch of the documents they were looking at. The dwarf seems to be calling in backup, so they leave a little money for the damage caused, and flee. Tabasco tracks the fleeing 3 back to the same building that the Bolthole is in (Yong-Dundas Long Storage), and finds they have a smaller unit a few floors up from the team’s garage- popular safehouse spot apparently. The 3 zap his bug before dashing into the safehouse, seemingly just as a precaution, not because they were aware of it, so it’s good he also kept eyes on. Creep hangs back and spots a team of steampunk-looking runners who show up to secure the library. He hasn’t seen them before, meaning they weren’t at the big Plat Zone meeting, so who are they?

Creep and Dig rejoin him, and Dig magically looks inside. They seem to be packing up their op, and discussing next steps. They say that the intel from “Fivecoats” was right, and that more than just the Eclipse card is in play locally. One of them is packing maps and other material from the walls into a hard case while the other treats the wounded 3rd man. Unfortunately, they have a glowmoss strip over the door, which Dig’s spell activates, and they go into overdrive since they know someone is onto them.

Creep shoots through the door, but misses, and almost gets tagged with both barrels of a shotgun in response, before killing the wounded guy who was using it. Tabasco dodges a full auto burst and stuns one guy with a narcoject arrow, while Dig’s spirit tries to put out the fire the 3rd guy starts to destroy their documents inside. That guy starts Dig’s spirit on fire with a phosphorous grenade , so Dig dismisses the spirit, not wanting it to suffer, and kills that guy with a massive lightning bolt.

Tabasco makes a quick choice and hauls the KO’ed survivor out, letting all the doc’s burn, and the team vacates the hall as some fire protection shutters slam down and heavy duty ventilation kicks in. They head a massive lightning bolt crack down out of the sky somewhere to the west- it doesn’t seem related to them at the moment but does seem odd. They retreat to their unit with the captive, and wake him back up after restraining him. Tabasco tries to intimidate him and totally fails. Creep and Dig have a much better time just having a pretty normal convo with him, and trading some intel after promising to let him go. It turns out these guys are from a group called the Shifting Pyre, who are trying to destroy the Tarot, as an evil outside influence from the metaplanes.

They seem to view spirits and everything else metaplanar as a threat to the sanctity of Earth, though not opposed to magic in and of itself. This guy is just a street level “Dealer”, the leader who they killed at the library was a “Cutter” (mid-management) and this guy doesn’t know who gives the Cutters their intel, outside of whoever “Fivecoats” is. However, it seems like Shifting Pyre doesn’t like Hands of Fate either, and says they’re some kind of dark possession spirit who want the cards for themselves- exactly the kind of danger that means the cards should be destroyed.

Deciding this guy knows too much, Creep shoots him in the head and kills him with no warning. They decide they better clear out of the Bolthole just in case, and Dig dismantles his magical lodge as Creep sprays C-squared all around. Tabasco then thinks to maybe just call the landlord and see if they’re cool or not.A static-y image of a woman called Rutledge answers, and charges them extra for the damage but otherwise doesn’t seem too bothered, explaining that the team is lucky they did this in a low demand time. She seems like she might be an AI. Dig starts setting his lodge back up, bummed that he wasted 8 days by taking it down….

The team all returns to the main safehouse after resting one night in the Bolthole and not healing very well there. They take the next day off, mostly just conferring with S&M about the nature of the Hands of Fate (Shadow spirits? something worse?), and getting the autopsy results from Roderick Kensington: someone had used some kind of magic to wipe his mind, and turn him into a Coimeidiai, or something similar, which is what caused his burnout, and likely his prophetic ability and mental instability as well. Interesting….. Dig examines the documents that the Shifting Pyre were examining, and finds that they were looking into possible magical intersections and power sites, as well as any rumors to lost collections of arcana that might have disappeared in Crash 2.0. He then return the docs to the library, anonymously, along with a further payment in way of apology.

On a few nights of Radio Free Detroit, they hear that an engineering PHD named Ronnie Griggs has shared some vibration sensing tech to help warn people of bugs tunneling, after hearing of the deadly assault on the Second Chance enclave. The Plat Zone, Tin Can, and elsewhere are building and distro-ing as many as they can to try to keep people safe, as well as trying to get them down to an easy mobile scale so less of their patrols while disappear into bug tunnels. With this new tech coming out, and more (deeply unpopular) “tunnel rat” missions occurring, the bugs seems to be pulling back a bit to the central hive under Dowtown, with the ALPHAS more of an above ground threat, day to day.

Also, that huge lightning bolt apparently fried a UCAS Spec Ops mage who was trying to lift the magical cloud cover to get intel out, and perhaps in response, the UCAS government has announced that the Army III Corps has been fully mobilized and is head to Detroit to pacify the local situation “by any means necessary”…. eep!

Too Many Alpha Bits
12/21/2022, 12:07:27 PM
Runners
Tabasco
Creep
Chew Gum
Dig
Otters aka Roadkill
and a sad goodbye to:Locke

The team checks in on Tabasco’s healing process, and finds him mostly conscious at least, but still in bad shape. He plans to stay in touch via comms relay from the VTOL while the team checks out the ARES biodrone facility for Moreau. They get in touch and head over to Moreau’s position, and see what looks obviously like 2 shod and 2 unshod Alpha footprints leading into the facility, where they seem to have basically kool-aid-manned through the fence and wall. Moreau equips them all with dart guns to try to capture and rescue any animals they can, and says he has plans for the building if they can maintain it’s integrity.

They head in, worried about what they might find. Otters stays back with the van and accompanies via drone. They find some wrecked sec drones outside, and some bloody smears and drag marks inside. A perimeter hall wraps around a central core, which when they enter, they find filled with cages and enclosures, with various animals in various states of modification within. It looks like the Alphas tried to Infest some of them, but the animals (perhaps thankfully?) did not survive the transformation, leaving horrifying mutated corpses, and an awful smell, though the industrial extractors seem to still be working well so it only registers up close.

Worse yet, they spot a ritual circle carved into the ceiling, centered on an elevator shaft which seems to have a lot of unnecessary components attached. While exploring they are surprised when an unarmored Alpha bursts forth from under a pile of animal corpses in one of the cages and assaults them. They manage to take it out, and Otters runs in with some white phosphorous grenades provided by Moreau to burn the corpse and stop the regeneration. They continue exploring the top level of the facility, worried that the elevator is an obvious place for a trap. Astral space definitely seems buggy in a way they couldn’t detect from the exterior, also.

As they find a corpse pile (some of the metahuman guards, but definitely not all), they come under heavy fire from outside, through the loading dock. 2 more Alphas charge them, one armored, one unarmored. The unarmored ones, being more visible, are even more horrifying somehow, with their misshapen and mutating flesh pulsing and bulging, various bits of different bugs visible across the surface mixed with the once human features. They get in a brutal fight in which much of the team is badly injured, and Locke is felled and stabbed with an ovipositor. Chew Gum, acting quickly, blows the downed Locke’s head off with his shotgun before they can transform, a sad and sudden end for the talented investigator.

The team pauses briefly to mourn once they finish the Alphas off, and burn all the bodies, inclduing Locke’s.They head outside and see where these Alphas tunneled up from below, on an angle that looks to intersect with the base of the elevator shaft. They tranq as many animals as they can inside, and get Moreau to start hauling them out, deciding they’ll likely need to do some mega-damage to whatever lurks below. Creep heads down the tunnel, with the drone swarm. Creep hangs back a bit while the drones make a first pass, and uncover a scene of true horror.

The remaining armored Alpha is standing guard as the newly mutated facility staff feasts on various animals and metahuman corpses, seemingly fueling their transformation. More upsettingly, there is what looks like a stable portal, likely to Vhortas, that seems very similar to the team file notes on the portal on the space station that ARES had previously been using to instantiate the Alphas. They also see surgical bays, staff housing, and another tunnel leading off towards Downtown.

Panicked, Otters sends the VTOL to the Platinum Zone with a report on what they found, and Rifleman loads up a hard case with Ravenheart’s approval, when it arrives back, it contains one of the mini nukes that the Irregulars seems to have salvaged from one of the ARES APC’s that were carrying them. Creep sneaks it down to the basement, and gets it tucked in behind the portal, arming it and leaving a few smoke grenades to go off to add confusion to cover his exit, and then legs it. Luckily it wasn’t set to an immediate detonation, and he gets clear in time.

Dig seals up the tunnel exit with concrete, and the team all hauls out as many tranq-ed animals as they can. The massive explosion rumbles the earth, pancakes the building, and launches Dig’s concrete tunnel plug flying far away. Luckily, this all seems to have severely curtailed the radioactive spread, and likely amplified the explosion. Briefly checking astral space, Dig and CG confirm that the buggy vibe seems gone, annihilated by an overwhelming radioactive shredding that has destroyed the local mana sphere. Portal closed, but at a cost….

Luckily Dig and CG got a good look at the ritual circle in astral space, and think they could perhaps ID the caster. Otters sends a report in to the Plat Zone and they get paid. They also call the Detective to report on Locke’s death, which greatly saddens them. Dig and CG both contribute some funds to the Keepers, who Locke had just begun to hire and befriend, and also compose a memorial poem, which Otters also forwards to the Plat Zone.

Dig, in bird form and CG, in the VTOL, travel over to the bolthole safehouse in the storage facility and do a lengthy ritual to locate the caster of the insect portal ritual. They confirm that it was either Hendricks himself or a close associate based on where traces crop up around town, but he seems to be underground and likely behind some sort of magical defense. They think they could track him using this, however. They report this into the Plat Zone as well, and get paid. The rest of the team rests, heals, and repairs gear, with Iva frantically patching their armor.

They hear on the night’s Radio Free Detroit broadcast about Locke’s heroic death, and also some even worse news: there’s been an Alpha breakout to the West as well as the North. Some bugs tunneled up into a mostly SINless survivor enclave, and Alphas followed them in, slaughtering everyone inside. Also, Julia “Deadline” Pesina continues her reportage on the ghoul situation locally, and finally is able to ID the ghouls working to use the ferals to nefarious ends: Fear the Dark is in town! The slogan “Eat Locals, Fuck You” has been found at multiple bloody feeding sites, where they preyed on civvies trapped at home. This is a perversion of the popular Irregulars slogan “Eat Local, Kill Fucks!”, originally popularized by the neo-anarchist chef Castiron.

Otters also checks in with Howell about the completion of the job for Moreau and they settle up for that. Howell has another job, not a rush this time, to pull a museum heist amidst the chaos. Otters runs it by the team and they agree to get to it when they can. Disturbingly, as they all return to the safehouse on their rest day, they find that Dig’s golem has torn the arms off an intruder. Worried who it might be, they flip the body over but don’t recognize them. A scrap of paper falls out of their pocket as they shift the body though, and they find one of Roderick Kensignton’s journal entries, about the team and their possession of Tarot cards.

They decide they better look further into this, and add it to the list. Tabasco, finally not dangerously radioactive, gets flown over to the Metal Maniacs clinic and ushered quickly back into the surgical suite, where Leanna Octave once again tries to convince him to become a Monad, but settles for doing some radical implants, including a full cyberskull with junkyard jaw and some orthoskin to replace what’s absent. The team is collectively a bit horrified upon his return to the safehouse, aside from Otters, who is her usual chipper self.

Having gone for a stylized skull, Tabasco has a weird moment looking in a mirror when he realizes he can no longer take off his mask and cowl. The sharpened scrap metal jaw is also pretty extreme, to be fair. However, he’s feeling the post-surgery high and is excited to be back on his feet and ready to rumble. The team takes a moment to figure out which task to prioritize next…

Rad Damage
12/12/2022, 9:20:35 PM
Runners
Tabasco
Creep
Chew Gum
Dig
Otters aka Roadkill
Locke

The team kits out with the rad-resistant gear as best they can, with Tabasco and Otters’ mule drone getting the upgrades. Chew Gum plans to accompany them as near as possible to the hole to provide support and overwatch, while the rest of the crew secures a spot for Tabasco to hang out away from others when he emerges as he will be radioactive for some time. They head over to Grosse Pointe and Creep remembers a promising, poorly guarded lockup, where they steal a kayak with an outrigger and put out to sea in it. Creep and Locke hang out and chat while Dig flies above, keeping an eye out. He sees the wreckage of some watercraft that have tried to run the ARES cordon, unsuccessfully, and warns the boaters to stay well inside the perimeter.

CG holds back on the north edge of Zone 1, as his spirits are unwilling to go further- even astrally examining the irradiated Zone 3 causes them all light nausea, but they shake it off. They provide concealment as long as possible, and CG covers with his rifle. Otters, circling high above in the Dustoff guides in the mule drone, while Tabasco sneaks alongside. They find an old rusted car with a camo tarp over it parked right up next to the hole, and some tracks suggesting that between 2-4 people dragged one or more heavy items from the car into the hole. Tabasco becomes instantly fixated and abandons the primary mission to focus on this.

They descend into the hole, spotting the 3 ruined but not fully destroyed APC’s, still stuck in their side tunnels. Otters has to stop at the edge of her effective range before reaching the blast center due to rad damage and bad signal, but Tabasco, boosted by Stitches’ drug cocktail, pushes on. He stats experiencing some very disturbing side effects- hair falling out, skin blistering, hallucinations, but reaches the epicenter, and finds the wrecked bits of the other 3 APC’s. A path has been pushed through and the tracks continue.

He loses his astral sense of taste and feels blood pouring out of his gums, but he pushes through, and spots which tunnel the tracks head down, seemingly due south, before turning back. All of his teeth fall off and his skin begins to slough off as he begins to enter cellular death. He starts running for the exit as fast as he can, his cyberlimbs carrying him most of the way, with Otters (via the mule drone) getting him the rest of the way, and jumping into Tabasco’s cyberlimbs using previously granted permissions to use his grapple hand to get out.

Fortunately, while hanging back, Otters remembered to complete the primary mission, and retrieved a damaged data core from one of the command group APC’s for the Plat Zone to dig into. Otters drags Tabasco free of the high danger zone with the mule, then zips down in the Dustoff, loads Tabasco in, and manages to stabilize him through some miraculous medical checks with the Valkyrie module, and Tabasco’s strong natural resistances. However, all of his skin and external organs have sloughed off and he is in bad shape. The drone covers him in medical gel, as Otters heads back to the safehouse, leaving the mule a ways away from everyone for a day or two til it’s safe to fix.

CG stays behind to keep an eye on the mysterious car, but fails to spot when someone moves it, and decides toxic mages must be involved, if they were able to get both in and out of that terrible area. The Dustoff drops Tabasco in the kayak, and Dig tries to magically heal him but fails. The Dustoff circles at a safe ditsance to not take more damage from the rads, stopping in once an hour to maintain treatment. The rest of the team decides to chill at the safehouse for the night, and Dig shows off some cool illusions. Upsettingly, there is another earth shaking explosion from the south, but no mushroom cloud this time at least.

Creep goes on a solo recon to check it out, while Locke befriends some street kids who call themselves The Keepers and seem to collect mangy strays. From Creep’s recon, supported by a Watcher spirit from Dig, they determine that what they likely witnessed at the hold was evidence of toxic mages allied with Otto Hendricks using explosives salvaged from the downed ARES bombers to blow open a new front in the bug vs. ARES fight downtown. Luckily, this doesn’t seem to have pulled in the Plat Zone, so no worries there at least. The team reports all their intel in, and gets paid a decent amount, with a hazard bonus for Tabasco,

While relaxing after everyone is back, they get a frantic call from Jaga, who says that a new group of refugee arrivals to the area came in with one suspicious member, who apparently got lightly grazed by an ALPHA but seemingly escaped serious harm. After carefully examine, they confirm Jaga’s worry that the person was infested by the ALPHA in the same way they tried to do to Tabasco, and that the process seems to work incredibly fast. Jaga has contained the patient in a mana bubble, and Dig enters and lethally lightning bolts. This does seem to halt the transformation, so that’s good.

After confirming that this also took care of any astral traces, they send the body to the Plat Zone for some additional pay. They also call Carol to warn about Hendricks having gone full toxie/bug, and get some more cash, as well as a reminder that Weathernight wants them to look into dangerous infiltrators in ARES corporate. The team rests after listening to the nightly Radio Free Detroit broadcast, and hearing some more propaganda in favor of pro-social ghoul factions, including the surprising news that ALPHAS, as opposed to most bugs, make good eating!

The next day, Otters checks in with her fixer Howell, who is also her BTL-A sponsor. They check in about how that is going, and then Howell hires the crew for a mission on behalf of Moreau, the strange man at the zoo who wanted to join Dig’s Order but wasn’t magical. There is a secret ARES biodrone research facility outside of the No-Go Zone that Moreau has eyes on that was recently breached, and he wants to save any animals they can. They accept the gig, and Otters calls up Moreau, who is keeping an eye on things at the facility for now.

He tells them it looks like something broke in, not out, and it looks likely to be ALPHAS. Having already been worried that there could be a bug portal somewhere locally, and knowing this facility was likely one of Hendrick’s, the team decides they better hurry over there and shut down whatever is going on. Tabasco regains consciousness, but seems likely to be in for a long recovery, so he bows out of the next mission, and punches in a call to the Metal Maniacs, which luckily is close to the water in Grosse Pointe, so he plans to paddle over when he regains enough strength.

They hear the night’s Radio Free Detroit as they prep to head out, and apparently a lot of Chicago ghouls are answering the call, and requesting sanctuary if they help deal with the bug threat, with Presbitero’s “anti-infected” campaign apparently gaining enough steam in Chicago to make in untenable to remain there. With the recent influx of Neo-A’s as well, it seems like a lot of the weirder elements of Chicago are being forced out as the rebuilding corporatizes, though the spirit of the dance is still strong there…

Irregulars Assemble
12/6/2022, 6:10:12 PM
Runners
Tabasco
Creep
Chew Gum
Dig
Otters aka Roadkill
Locke

First thing, the team decide they need their van back, and that the increasingly chaotic fight may have created the opportunity they needed. Otters does overwatch from the Dustoff while Creep and Locke head over on foot. Unfortunately, Locke gets spotted by an alert ARES gunner holed up in a ruined building, and nearly felled with an auto burst. Creep manages to chuck some smoke grenades out and they make their escape, with Otters providing some pathfinding for them and hot pickup via the van once she gets the drone close enough to leapfrog in and hot-rig it out.

They get back to the base, and convince Zennia to set up a radio at the Tin Can, but convince them not to use it too much to avoid attracting unwanted attention. Zennia brings them a little further into her circle of trust, showing them up to where she keeps her birds on the roof and revealing that they are messenger birds! She says the team can bring them with on missions when needed to send offline messages back to get relayed, but says that Myrryr (a Pidgeon shaman) is one of the few in town who can get birds to flew to destinations as well as back from.

The team head north to Vendor’s Row to finally see what happened with that nuke, with most of them doing overwatch while Creep sneaks up to the blast site accompanied by the fly-spys.Radioactivity is real bad, as is astral space- Dig and CG have to hold way back, and the Wealth vibe that had previously dominated the area is now overlaid with a nasty toxic aspect. Creep hangs back at the edge of the blast site after getting some visuals, and acts as a comms relay to the drones until Otters gets the Dustoff positioned high up over the blast zone. From what they can tell, something tunneled up from underneath the reserve line, and one or more APC’s entered/fell into the tunnels.

Otters pushes the drones further in, having to max out her signal strength on her RCC to counteract the bad interference.She finds blasted wrecks of 3 APC’s down some side tunnels, and the team recognizes these as part of the command group of the reserve force from previous recon- seems like a targeted tunneling attack! She pushes the drone a little further and finds the blast’s epicenter, getting some data before it fries. It is likely the worst background count area any of them have seen, and it looks like 3 more APC’s got stuck in the main tunnel further in and detonated as either a failsafe or desperate last resort.

The team surmises that the Alphas up here, already amped up from the pheromones let loose by other Alphas in combat, likely fully broke loose after the tunnel break out and nuke detonation, as the ARES reserve line seems to have totally crumpled and fighting seems rampant throughout the district. Not having any ability to get better data currently due to the high rads, they head back to the safehouse to regroup. Iva is still working on patching up the van armor, after having needed a long sleep following a long day patching up Tabasco and Locke’s armor. CG heads over the Magic Bean, has a weird convo with the new age proprietor Penelope Bean, and orders a summoning focus.

Otters then flies in the Dustoff down to Windsor, surveying the extensive damage to Hendrick’s former position on the north shore, and drops another radio off with the ghouls at Neverland, who seem eager to dispose of more bodies the team may come across. Otters return with this info, but decides to swing by the Plat Zone on the way to get paid, and gets some followups and further intel while there. She also sees that a bunch of Neo-A’s from Berlin and Boston have answered the call and come to town, and a big crew of radical bug fighters/Black Star/Midway vets from Chicago have rolled in as well. They’re setting up heavy duty anti-air defenses on/around the Plat Zone, and Otters also spots some merc patrols headed out- the leadership seems to be trying to integrate mercs and runners into small squads with perhaps mixed results.

Otters reports in, gets paid, and hears that they need a tunnel rat to physically head into the tunnels off Vendor’s Row and try to pull any surviving data from the not fully obliterated APC’s- the command group might have useful intel. Also, some toxies or possibly members of Hendrick’s force have been spotted trying to salvage explosives from the various downed bombers, and Otters get the impression that Vogel/Carol managed to get a message through to the bomber wing commander to get aloft just before the attack, which was ignored by the main base command, to their extreme detriment.

Tabasco, overhearing all this, volunteers for tunnel rat duty, surprising many, and Stitches and Rifleman send Otters home with some equipment to help Tabasco and Otters’ new Mule drone get into the radioactive zone while minimizing risk and exposure.Otters flies back with all that and starts modding the Mule while Iva tunes up Tabasco’s armor. Tabasco gets flown over to the Metal Maniacs clinic and gets a few mods that Creep reco’s for navigating an underground tunnel system, and also snags a MM bandana for Iva, a gang memorabilia collector, as the local implant junkies seem to have formed a street gang around the clinic.

Otters starts flying herslef over for some mods as well, but overhearing the bizarro transhumanist banter dominant at MM decides better of it and turns back, which gets a chuckle from MAMA, which also worries Otters a bit. With Tabasco loaded up and ready to go , the team rest up and prep for another mission north, while listening on the radio to the day’s broadcast- Julia Pesina, using her new street named “Deadline”, on “Radio Free Detroit”, giving the threats and recon update to any and all listeners. It seems ARES forces have been ordered to hunker down and hold position, so most of the civilian rescuing and bug fighting is falling to the Irregulars so far. There’s been some cooperation from ARES forces in a few Zones, especially the ones with heavier casualties and more command level losses, so the team gets some good ideas of where to distro the next few radios. However, a few other Zones, including Downtown, have gotten extra fascist and paranoid, with summary executions common, so travelers beware….

Anybody Using These Bodies
11/28/2022, 1:51:51 PM
Runners
Tabasco
Creep
Chew Gum
Dig
Otters aka Roadkill
Locke

Locke rejoins the group after the chaotic shadow meeting, and they all split off to socialize a bit and make new contacts. They see Carol rush out after exchanging info with some of the movers and shakers. Tabasco tries to make friends with Rose from the Windsor crew, which initially goes well until he loudly announces that she is a technomancer, which she would prefer is kept on the DL. The Windsor crew leaves soon after this, and seems a little skeptical about the top down command style proposed, but overall on board for co-oping.

Dig starts speculating to some of the waitstaff about what it will be like for future archaeologists to excavate the nuclear ruins of Detroit, freaking everyone out, until Otters notices and distracts him for a bit. They both hang out with Tofu the dog and Walker, the blind adept staff fighter, and chat a bit about the situation. CG claims one of the bodies of the dead assassins for his future spirit needs, and talks to Ringmaster about the value of allying with ghouls, specifically the Skins, who helped them out. Ringmaster seems amenable and asks the team to set up a meeting. They are told they can recruit others to the cause as well, but they’ll need vetting at HQ.

Creep and Otters both notice a surprising lack of gangers present, which both enquire about. Walker tells Otters about the major roundups recently, and the Cutters weren’t invited for the obvious reasons. Creep also gets some info that they were mostly reaching out to pro’s when setting up the meeting, so if the team has useful gang contacts in the Blight or elsewhere, they should use them to bring more people in for the cause. Otters also helps Electric Blue set up a comms station with spare parts salvaged from the Numbers Station, to cut down on the young TM’s massive work load.

Locke chats with Julia Pesina, who seems hopped up on pain meds but amped on her reportage plans. She offers to pay for scoops and hot tips, and thanks the team for saving her, and says she will have to thank the Skins as well after Locke hypes up their role in the rescue as well. CG links up with Castiron and trades him some odd plants and ingredients that Jaga helped him find for some freezer access for the other corpses, and Locke calls the ghouls to tell them to come get them when they get a chance.

Otters quickly buys a mule transport drone, CG straps his claimed corpse to it, and the team heads out on foot (or wing, in Dig’s case) for the safehouse. They aim to bypass the loose Alphas they saw on the way down, but Otters botches it and gets spotted. They get in a brutal firefight, but due to Tabasco’s incredible armor, manage to avoid taking any damage and get some great data and some alpha samples. Tabasco licks one of the Alpha corpses to try to get some astral info, which works, but he almost gets stabbed with a post-mortem ovipositor and is covered with eggs which quickly hatch and start crawling into the seams of his cyber limbs.

Thinking quick, Dig fries Tabasco and the bugs with a lightning bolt, which luckily grounds out through Tabasco’s cyberlegs, not doing major internal damage. Still, he’s pretty hurt, but seems to be free of infestation. Otters flies Tabasco back to the Plat Zone in the Dustoff drone while the team keeps watch for more trouble and burns the bodies. Tabasco gets ushered into a decontamination unit and drops off the samples. Otters then flies herself back to the Plat Zone as well, and gets pay from Ringmaster, and then reverses the process to fly Tabasco and herself up the safehouse.

The rest of the team hoofs it up there and rests up, repairs armor, restocks ammo and the like. Locke fills everyone in on The Detective’s investigation into 2 Tarot cults that may have gotten operatives into town. Jaga helps CG do his corpse ritual. Iva patches up Tabasco once he’s back, and Otters finally gets into the guts of the med-drone (very impressive) and sets it about providing medical assistance to everyone resting. Otters and Locke, not otherwise occupied, head up the roof when they hear more explosions to the southwest.

Otters panics and thinks it’s for sure the Plat Zone, but makes contact with them and confirms it isn’t. She gets drones up and follows Locke’s fears, finding that Damien Knight Int’l has extensively exploded as well. It looks similar but larger scale to what happened on Belle Isle to the airbase there. Otters follows the airports bomber wing, who look to have gotten airborne just ahead of the attack, as they make a bombing run over Otto Hendrick’s position in Windsor, devastating the North part of the area along the river. Some anti-aircraft fire responds along with some spellcraft, but the bombs look very effective.

Lacking long enough landing strips, the bombers split, with some ditching into the water while the pilots eject, some flying over the town seemingly looking for clear stretches of road, and a few trying to flee the cordon around Detroit. Otters watches in shock and terror as the ones trying to escape are cut down by an orbital laser as they reach the edge of the magical cloud cover, leaving surely no survivors. Otters live streams this all to Ringmaster, who as usual requests follow-up’s and more info. She also sells the data to Carol, who once again proves the stronger negotiator but doesn’t aggressively take advantage.

The team all wakes up/finishes healing and reconnects- time to figure out what to do next, lots of opportunities for work!

Investigations, Treachery and New Allies
11/21/2022, 11:53:29 AM
Runners
Tabasco
Creep
Chew Gum
Dig
Otters aka Roadkill

Locke announces they’ll be sitting this one out to make contact with some local allies, look further into the Tarot and Prophecies, and similar. They stay behind at the Platinum Zone to make use of their comms. The rest of the team prepares to head out, though Marv tells them to return by the next evening, as they’re planning a “big meeting” of some sort that the team should be at. They head out after debating what to look into first.

They cut around the main battle sites successfully, swinging out into Dearborn and finding only isolated bug outbreaks nearby. Luckily for the team, this means the underequipped KE troops guarding the Zone perimeters have their hands full, so the team easily bypasses them. Noticing a ton of air traffic at Knight Int’l Aerospaceport, they make a brief diversion to surveil. it looks like since that massive detonation at the FOB on Belle Isle, ARES has rerouted their air support, refueling and resupply here. The ground crews seem understaffed and frantic, and it looks like they’re running midair refueling flights as well to try to keep their drones in the air.

Useful intel! But back to the task at hand, the team continues South, and cuts over Grosse Isle into Windsor, swinging southeast to the park area where Otters instructed the sub to drop Julia Pesina off. Otters gets some pings from sub equipment but can’t make a direct connection, and when they arrive, Dig (as a dolphin) finds some of the sub’s armor and sensors have been blown off and are floating nearby. No sign of the vessel itself, so they hope it survived whatever happened here. Looking around, Creep and Otters piece together that Pesina seems to have crawled ashore and then been grabbed by what looks to be 2 shoeless ghouls.

The team tracks the ghouls back to a necropolis in central Windsor, and while surveilling from the perimeter see that the place is crawling with ghouls, with a high proportion of ferals. This is a recent change, as the team had scoped this place out for threats a few weeks back before renting their bolthole garage space nearby. They spot one friendly seeming ghoul approaching them, and Creep makes awkward contact. The ghoul, dressed as a pirate, introduces himself as Smee, and says that he saw a woman get carried, semi-conscious, into the cemetery, and offers to help. The team accepts.

Smee explains that he is a “Topsider”, one of the rare ghouls tolerated by ARES to live above the surface. He says most residents of Detroit are unaware of the quite large ghoul population that exists underground (who he calls “Downsiders”). Tabasco gets hung up on the Top vs Down distinction, convinced there are better linguistic options. Smee continues: the Topsiders want to ensure that the local populace doesn’t view ghouls universally as a threat (though some certainly are), so if the team will agree to put in a good word with their allies, he will introduce them to a ghoul gang called the Skins. The team agrees.

Creep and Otters sneak into the cemetery, though Otters quickly falls back when she notices some of the ferals sniffing around after her. Creep follows Smee to a mausoleum where they find some decently armed and armored ghouls waiting. Creep is introduced to their leader, Rains, and notices that they all seem equipped with a mishmash of KE gear and some seemingly prototype weaponry. He doesn’t enquire further, but the team has heard rumors of the KE tradition of needing to get a ghoul skin in the underground to join Firewatch, so presumably this is the other side of how that can go.

Rains agrees to the deal that Smee made, and the Skins and Creep head over to where the ferals are preparing to feast. Otters pilots the VTOL in for a quick rescue and some medical attention. The Skins breach through the back wall, grab Pesina, and chuck her in the VTOL, while Creep blasts a feral trying to grab hold of it as well. He sneaks back out of the cemetery and Smee tells them where they can contact him again if needed.

Otters checks on Pesina via the drone’s internal medical feeds, and finds that she is injured, but luckily not infected with HMHVV. She seems pretty drugged and out of it, so they have a brief convo and then he sends her to the Platinum Zone, giving Marv a heads up that she’s inbound. The team continues North to figure out what happened on Belle Isle, but come under attack from some of Otto’s troops, who are guarding their Southern perimeter as well as the Northern side. Otters almost eats a Gauss round, but Tabasco dives in the way and takes the hit, before the team retreats while CG’s spirits cause trouble for the soldiers shooting at them.

They do a bit more recon, and determine that roughly half of the visible forces in Otto’s area seem to be illusory, so they find a better place to sneak through, ditching the spirits for now since they are too magically obvious. They reach the bridge to Belle Isle and find it bombed out, though still barely crossable by pedestrians. CG barely dodges a sniper round before the team makes it the relative safety of the Isle.They find it a smoking ruin- the ARES air base seems to have been fully ignited- fuel, weapons, etc burning at such an extreme heat as to destroy the structures on hand and effectively cremate the personnel caught in the blast.

Doing some magical investigation, Dig finds that some number of personnel were killed before the explosion and piled up, and that much of the damage was done with Gauss rifles and other bizarro science weapons, so they suspect Otto’s troops were behind this- the illusion would be good cover for secret troop movements! They also find that the explosions were triggered by planted charges and not aerial bombardment, so it doesn’t seem likely that the forces here were overrun, especially given the lack of any sign of bugs. The eastern half of the isle seems in better shape, with some park buildings, wilderness areas, and water treatment facilities still largely intact, though currently seemingly unoccupied due to the toxic smoke from the chemicals still burning at the temporary airbase.

The team sneaks north again, finding the bridge once again too damaged for vehicles but traversable by pedestrians- seemingly designed to helped bugs and/or special ops more so than ARES military with their reliance on groundcraft. They cut around the main battle site Downtown, which seems to have contracted a bit, and find the other Zones have kind of sprawled out into multiple small/scattered engagements, some of which are quite mobile. They also barely avoid some loose Alphas rampaging around south Oakland/North Downtown before finally reaching the Platinum Zone.

Heading inside, they find the place filling up for the “big meeting”. They spot Carol, and grab a booth to catch up. They sell him the Malakim info as promised, and he shares some of Vogel’s plans, as well as giving the team another job- to look into some high level infiltrators in ARES known as “68G”- could these two things be connected? Creep also accidentally gives up the info about Otto being behind the destruction on Belle Isle, and Dig has to remind him about info exclusivity etc. Carol gives them a hefty payout, and they head over to talk to Ringmaster, giving him the recon report from the day. He doesn’t seem overly distressed that Carol knows about Belle Isle, but the team gets the impression that may not always be the case.

He also pays up, and gives them a few follow ups and updates, and is impressed by their extra recon re: ghouls, the airport, Otto’s illusions, etc. The team also sees Pesina up and about, quietly narrating events to a cam drone while stomping around in a medical boot. She gives them the “let’s talk after” look. Everyone starts to hush up as the meeting begins. Locke and Otters are a little surprised to recognize the woman they smuggled in, now out of disguise, as Colonel Anne Ravenheart, the former head of Firewatch, now leader of the Freewatch bug fighting org, last seen in Chicago under attack from ARES. She is accompanied by Li Wei, the man they smuggled in with her, who is wearing a red crystal cybereye, which Tabasco thinks is likely a blood crystal, a new addition since Chicago.

She introduces herself, as well as Ringmaster, Rifleman, and Marv, as the leaders of this meeting, and gives her spiel- they need to unite against the bugs, and defend this city and it’s people against them and against ARES/Knight’s foolishness. Dig and Creep notice a dog one of the other attending runners brought with is growling at a sweaty, bearded street sam, and Creep goes to tackle him, luckily giving the dog just enough time to prevent him chucking a vial he had concealed in his hand. Tabasco and CG leap to action just in time to prevent another street sam from opening up on Ravenheart with an implant cybergun, and (via inhabited dire rat) chomp down on the arms of a mob hitman looking guy as he tries to pull the pin on a grenade.

All hell momentarily breaks loose- the woman who brought the dog chucks her staff straight through the bearder sam’s head as Creep tussles with him, Rifleman quick draws and drills the cybergunner right between the eyes, and the mob hitman manages to pull the pin, but the explosion is contained inside CG"s spirit, though it is destroyed in the process. Everyone else has weapons out and is in a massive standoff, til Dig does a thought recognize and spots two more potential assassins who are headed for the door. He alerts the crowd who quickly gun them down as well, before Creep tries to get everyone to chill, fails, and then Marv does the same, successfully. He tells them that this is what their enemies want: everyone so busy fighting each other they can’t unite for the common good!

Ravenheart continues her spiel and explains that she understands that many runners won’t be used to working under a command structure but that it’s the best way to run something like this, and that no this is not the Shadow Chapters, which people are right to be suspicious of given the news out of Seattle. One of the street docs from downstairs stabilizes the mob hitman, who is missing his forearms, and after some quick drug and magical questioning, Rifleman reports that Otto Hendricks has taken out a contract on himself, Marv and Anne Ravenheart. Ringmaster doesn’t look upset to have been excluded.

The team makes some new contacts, including Walker, the blind staff fighter, and her dog Tofu, and also sees a few more members of the Belle Isle crew that they’ve worked with a few times. They prepare to chat with Pesina and figure out next steps.

Recon and Explosions
11/15/2022, 1:25:20 PM
Runners
Tabasco
Creep
Chew Gum
Dig
Otters aka Roadkill
Locke

The team, pausing to allow for Jazz crash to wear off, plot out their route to the next numbers station. While waiting, Otters and Locke do some analysis on the data Otters scraped while jamming the last stations and drones, and confirm that it looks like the drones were being used as a back channel/off-matrix comms relay to allow the stations to communicate indirectly without blowing their cover/being directly traceable. Worried that this will have blown their chance to find another station intact, they plan to rush along. Otters convinces Tabasco to carry her so she can stay hot in the VTOL and do some route mapping and then some long distance surveillance on what the explosions in the distance are….

Otters spots some ARES military deployments seemingly surrounding and slaughtering bugs pouring out of the craters that the explosions have opened. It looks like the the Alpha deployments are working well so far, with what appears to be a high kill to casualty ratio. Their support teams seem to be taking minimal casualties, and the Alphas appear uniquely destructive, almost frenzied. From what Otters can gather from the VTOL, it looks like the ARES detachments in the outer zones are looking to push the bugs back into the tunnels they’ve opened into the underground and follow them in, forcing them all to emerge from the major bombing site downtown, where the main (and most elite) ARES forces are. Interestingly, they don’t spot any Firewatch members anywhere, and given that the Alphas are all wearing modded Bug Stompers, it looks like the entire elite corps has been transformed into these merge monstrosities.

The team swings wide of the major engagement sites in the outer zones, heading south, and manage to avoid the poorly equipped KE patrols holding the outer perimeter. Unfortunately, Dig is unable to get his tech locator spell to work- either the gear is gone, or he’s too beat. Otters also is unable to find the expected broadcasts, so it seems like the Numbers Stations have switched protocols or gone dark in response to the team’s attacks. Feeling pretty tired after pulling an all-nighter, they head back to the safehouse. Unfortunately, Chew Gum gets spotted by a KE patrol, who open up with a machine gun mounted in their back seat. Creep manages to chuck some smoke grenades in the way and the team escapes, eventually, finally returning to the safehouse.

Dig instantly crashes while Otters does further drone recon, and the rest of the team pushes North to do some more recon on foot. Otters sees similar engagements in the rest of the zones, ARES forces looking successful so far at holding the line, and starting to push the bugs back into their tunnels, as the Downtown meat grinder continues. South of the river, bizarro science soldiers, seemingly Otto Hendricks loyalists from the R&D division, wielding modded Excalibur magitech guns, look to be ready for any breakouts that direction, though it looks like the bugs are fully north of the river at this time. The other zones all seem to be in a similar state as Otters does a quick flyby.

To the north, the on foot recon team gets a vantage at the Vendor’s Row area and gets some good intel- this looks to be the reserve force, deployable via VTOL’s, but they look to be bored and waiting for the most part at the moment. Many of the businesses (restaurants, brothels, etc) on Vendor’s Row look to have been allowed to remain open to keep the waiting reserve forces fed and entertained. The team does get a better look at the loadouts- it looks like squads of 6 in modded APC’s, with a containment chamber for the Alpha’s taking up half the space in the troop compartment. The reservists at least look to have one portal closer/tacnuke per squad as well- a distressing amount of explosive power!

Creep and Tabasco also sneak closer while Locke and CG provide overwatch and manage to overhear some chatter- getting some important stats updates on how the battle is going etc. CG also notices an astral aspect towards Wealth here, and Tabasco feels quite comfortable in the area. They head back to the safehouse, and Otters pulses a data packet to the Platinum Zone before they all crash. Waking first, Dig heads over to the Zoo in case anyone shows for his Red Magic Order meeting. He sees that Moreau seems to have taken charge of keeping the animals safe/fed during this crisis, with the minimal staff who remained onhand. After a short wait, a Watcher spirit shows up to excuse Norman from attendance, saying the University is locked down, while Marjo-Lin dashes in shortly after.

They schedule the next meeting, then send the Watcher back, and Dig teaches Marjo-Lin to shapeshift, though she makes Dig transform out of bird form first, as she says that Lion will only allow her to take feline forms. She cracks some jokes about Dig being naked etc which mostly confuse him. She seems to know Moreau and says she’s gonna stay at the Zoo for a while and study the big cats, so Dig heads out and flies back to the safehouse as a bird. The rest of the team is just starting to get moving as he returns. They check their messages and find that a few updates have made it- Chessick sent a retainer to help a colleague, assuming she can get into town, a journo who wants to try to document the situation on the ground.

More upsettingly, they get some major updates from the Plat Zone- apparently things have taken a turn for the worse for ARES in two major ways. First, the desperate bugs seems to have tunneled faster and farther than ARES expected and there have been breakouts behind their main lines, leading some of their forces to be attacked from flanks and rear if not fully enveloped. Second, the Alphas seem to be unable to leave their combat rage, which in areas where ARES has been successful, means that they turned on their support crews and handlers, seemingly content to rip through whatever is at hand. The pheromones from this have lead to Alpha attacks amongst the reserves as well, and there is apparently active combat up on Vendor’s Row.

The team decides to head in to the Plat Zone, get some on the ground recon, and figure out next steps. They check in with Zennia at the bar, and find many locals having a lock-in “end of the world” party. The team convinces them to all conserve some water, and head up to the roof to help Zennia start filling some tanks, just in time to see the distinct mushroom cloud of a tacnuke going off to the North. Rushing inside they all take some iodine that Zennia had stashed, but she explains that the explosive will have limited range and spread, giving the infantry size charges and the still weather. When the team looks overheard, it seems ARES has pulled something similar to Boston and pulled in some cloud cover, keeping it magically in place to conceal what happens here.

The team heads out and quickly encounters some Children of Loxley, who have fought off a small bug breakout. They heal up the wounded and send the dire cases back to Jaga at the safehouse for more attention, and then head in to check out where the bugs broke out. They find a slaughtered family, a 3rd dead bug, and a small tunnel chiseled up through the basement’s slab. Dig seals it with magic, and they report to Zennia and the CoL to tell people to guard and seal off basements and tunnels. They see Sikh Burn and some others going house to house to check for other breakouts, and no sign of KE locally.

Otters also gets ahold of someone behind the CoL to talk strategy, and chats a bit with someone named Alfredo, agreeing on an info trade. Alfredo seems to have some former ARES ties but seems quite bitter towards the corp so seems safe. Otters inquires about the Numbers Stations, and gets the feel that Alfredo isn’t involved but has some ideas who might be- some old-timers with a grudge, former corp special forces for CAT, a megacorp almost ran that ARES (and some other corps) devoured between the two Crashes. Locke calls The Detective, and gets some distressing talk about bugs and cities dying, but also passes along the Numbers Station info and finally gets a name for the mysterious fourth faction: The Malakim, having renamed themselves after dark angels from their former named, The Seraphim.

They head to the Plat Zone, and find Marv collecting intel from locals who are reporting in, Rifleman trying to keep on top of the tactical situation on a digital map spread over multiple shoved together pool tables, and Ringmaster eager to chat. The secretive dwarf hints that the Null Sect are behind the intense matrix blockade, though Dig massively misunderstands so Ringmaster has to clarify a bit. Using a way over-taxed onsite technomancer, he manages to get a data packet out with the team’s info, brokering a sale and getting them a sizeable chunk of change. He also arranges for them to train some small unit tactics, and offers them a few more jobs.

While training, Locke recognizes one of the instructors as the Asian man they helped smuggled in, who introduces himself as Li Wei. Tabasco also gets offered the opportunity to do some training himself, as he seems to know the ropes pretty well. The rest of the crew trains with Mama Dot, who Creep knows from Seattle, and who seems to have answered Rifleman’s call for aid, leaving her store in her son’s hands. All a bit better educated, they head back upstairs (having also seen a large, well-equipped clinic in the formerly secret basement) and get the latest from Ringmaster: they are to find out what happened with that nuke up north, and they are to find out who is behind the latest upsetting update.

Someone, just now, has bombed the ARES forward operating airbase on Belle Isle, with massive explosions taking out much of the ground fleet of planes and drones there, plus destroying infrastructure, fuel and weapons depots, and killing personnel. As this will significantly advantage the bugs, Ringmaster needs to know who’s behind it and what their next play is. Otters then uses one of the favors they took as partial payment to get access to the team’s sub’s feeds and controls via the TM, Electric Blue. EB says they’ll have to make it quick, as the matrix security keeping Detroit locked down is no joke. Otters manages to punch into the sub, but finds an unexpected passenger: Julia Pesina, the journo Chessick paid them to help.

Otters talks through the sub speakers to Pesina, and makes a plan to run her ashore a park peninsula in Windsor, that Otters and Locke have used as a smuggling spot before. However, she will have to trust to autopilot to manage to job since direct piloting for that long will prove impossible. Pesina provides some encouragement based on Chessick’s reco, and says worse case, she swam in college. Feeling bolstered, Otters does her best to quickly input the requisite commands before getting dumped, to find an even more fried looking Electric Blue saying he kept it open as long as he could. So another job: rescue to journo from the landing site! Luckily she said she still had a few days food and water, and it’s warm and muggy out but not deadly hot so in the tree cover should be fine so long as she can keep her head down…

Numbers Station Raids
11/7/2022, 8:09:19 PM
Runners
Tabasco
Creep
Chew Gum
Dig
Otters aka Roadkill
Locke

The team gets the debrief on the situation and what’s needed from Marv, Rifleman, and Ringmaster- basically, reliable comms and recon. After consulting with The Detective, the team shares their numbers station suspicions, and get the go-ahead to try to gain the use of them through whatever means. Intel on ARES movements, positions, and activities is also quite useful. They stay for the concert, which closes with a duet with a holo of Jonny Silver, symbolically giving ARES the finger by celebrating the victory of the anti-corp forces in Denver who saved the Nexus back in the day. However, 2 members of Glock .50 are absent, either unable to make it cause of checkpoints and curfew or something worse, including Marjo-Lin, from Dig’s new magical order.

The team heads out, with Dig flying off in bird form to start using magic to look for a numbers station in the next zone scheduled to broadcast. The team swings by their safehouse to restock on arrows from Iva and crosses the last checkpoints with moments to spare. They camo their van as a delivery vehicle, and park outside an affiliated business, laying low for a bit while triangulating the broadcast as it goes out, and avoiding KE entanglements. Once the KE patrols move away/die down a little, Otters does some fancy sneaky driving to link up with Dig at the target location.

They do some drone and astral recon, and Tabasco sneaks up onto the roof. They spot some well-concealed hardwired sensors and antennae, and Dig decides to disable one as a bird, getting a bad shock for his trouble, and attracting the attention of a stealth drone which grabs him and pulls him into it’s body. He uses an lightning spell inside it to break free, but takes more damage and retreats. Meanwhile, Otters rigs Tabasco’s arms to use her superior tech knowledge to bypass the other sensors without tripping their electrical defenses, though not being a hacker, if anyone is watching the feeds they’ll know they are down.

Tabasco carefully creeps down to one window of the target unit, but since he and Otters (via flyspy) both spot turret HMG’s inside both windows, is reluctant to go in. Dig lightning bolts the window to get things going, as Otters can also see a human sized heat source inside blowing the tech. Dig zooms in as a bird and flies between one of the guns and the heat source, as Tabasco drops from the roof, fires an arrow while falling (taking out the other gun), and lands unharmed due to cyber-legs.

Dig avoids getting hit, but the turret gun shoots the shit out of the older man who was inside, as well as the last bit of tech he hadn’t fried yet. He then quickly explodes, seemingly some kind of failsafe or last ditch defense. Dig fires the last turret and leaves again, while Tabasco, Creep and Locke enter to investigate. They find a strange scene- the front door of the apartment is wired to blow with a massive outward facing shaped charge, and there are 6 months worth of rations on-hand, it looks like they set up early in the month.

They find a calendar with the current date marked (the start of Latvian Gambit?), and manage to salvage enough tech bits from all the fried station to make one radio from parts. There are three broadcasting stations, one receiver, and two code machines running in parallel- a decrypter and encrypter, seemingly how they are passing the messages around. They salvage what they can, but between their delayed entry, machine gun fire, and explosions, it’s not a lot- mostly deductions.

They decide to skip the next broadcast zone and try and beat the schedule to get to the 3rd station in the broadcast order before it’s time to broadcast, hoping to catch the messages mid-stream. Knowing what they know now, they have an easier time finding the place, which has a similar setup. They plan it out a little more carefully this time, and using Tabasco and Otters (via drones) use radar feeds to the TacNet as targeting info for Locke and ChewGum to blast the 2 turrets with their sniper rifles.

CG and Dig’s spirits both zoom in and try to disable the somewhat older man they find inside, successfully confusing and nauseating him. Creep slips in and finishes off the one turret that survived the sniper barrage, and Tabasco races in and restrains him, but unfortunately doesn’t listen to the others’ advice to get him out of the room, as he quickly explodes. Creep is nearly killed, Tabasco is badly damaged, as is Dig’s spirit, who he dismisses out of respect. They also once again lost the code machine, where the guy was standing.

They do however salvage all 4 radios this time, find another similar calendar, and a similar amount of rations etc. These operators all seem to be barricaded in, and both used a stylized angel wing icon. Locke and Otters think back and realize they’ve seen these around town occasionally, associated with anti-ARES graffiti, all of which is quickly sprayed over or washed off. They get out of there before the KE cars making sweeps can respond to the explosion and head out. Dig and Otters try to convince everyone to go back to their safehouse (in their current zone), but Tabasco makes a compelling argument that they need to hit the next station before they have time to find out what’s going on and respond.

Seeing as the team spotted two more stealthed drones watching them (before jamming and shooting them), whoever this is may already be onto them, but Tabasco convinces everyone to go along by suggesting they just try and talk to the occupant of the next one rather than busting in, and all agree to flee any combat, as they are not well-equipped for a fight at this point. Dig fixes up Creep magically as best he can, and they wait for the Jazz crash to wear off of Tabasco from the fight before heading out. As they push south on foot, sneaking around in the dark, they see a glimmer of light on the horizon and hear some loud explosions, sounding like demolitions or artillery from the direction of Downtown….

We Got Bostoned
10/31/2022, 3:05:34 PM
Runners
Tabasco
Creep
Chew Gum
Dig
Otters aka Roadkill
Locke
and goodbye to:
Carol
and Creature

The team spends a while trying to figure out what to do about Ellis. Dig attempts to use his new “hacking box” to investigate the drive that Creature found in Ellis’ lab, but fails to cast the spell he needs to do so and decides to go to sleep instead. Tabasco gets Iva to patch up his shredded cyber-armor while the team discusses next steps. They scan the drive as best they can, and finding nothing worrying, check out the files within. They find a text note that says “sorry, they’re breaching, can’t wait” and an attached video file. The video file shows Ellis seemingly disabling the facility security to give the team access, while also preparing the pod in her lab to get rolled out. She gets overridden when the hit squad shows up and starts gunning down security, and starts trying to figure out next steps.

As a cutting torch from the hit squad starts piercing her lab’s bulkhead door, she looks to the camera and says that she doesn’t trust either Otto or Knight’s plans, and thinks she found a different path, before flipping a bunch of switches, and crawling into the pod alongside what looks to be a bug nymph spirit. They embrace each other as the pod closes again, tilts towards the wall, and a retrofit rocket blasts it out through the side of the facility. The feed cuts when Creature comes in and yanks the drive.

They decide to get in the sub, hope to avoid FAB, and get down into the river, though hours have passed as this point. CG manages to use assensing both to avoid the FAB and follow the pod’s path down to the river bottom, where it looks to have plowed in pretty hard and shed some plating and exterior bits. Following some drag marks, they track it to where it appears to have been winched out of the river into some woods. Carefully heading ashore, they find the pod itself camo’ed with some tree branches and debris, and some evidence that fight took place. However was involved used a liberal amount of Cleaner-Cleaner, and seems to have had a mage do some cleanup on the astral as well.

They report in to Ringmaster, and are told to gather what info they can and continue, but that if Ellis merged with the bug this is now a termination contract. CG uses his spirits to search out her last known location, and finds that however encountered her on the river bank took her over water to the large Docklands port area. They head there and Creep sneaks around a bit, finding that her last known location was a loading area for cargo containers, with mechanized cranes and huge stacks of isotainer all around, as well as ship and truck loading zones. So she could be nearly anywhere, and whatever she is in seems to be blocking further attempts to astrally track her.

Tabasco calls up Remo, who reports that there is something bad afoot in the Detroit matrix: lots of killer ICE, etc, so Remo refuses to help hack the port, and warns the team to be careful. Lacking a hacker, they decide to report in first to Weathernight, hoping Vogel might be able to salvage something out of this, before reporting their failure to Ringmaster. Weathernight convinces Carol to finally come in out of the cold (not that it took much doing), and he tells the team he’s stepping back to more a fixer role, and buys them a new van as a parting gift. Carol also calls RIngmaster and explains that they failed, but that he passed the info along to the “3rd faction” who he confirms he works for, without ID-ing Vogel, though Ringmaster as usual seems to know a bit more than he lets on. He agrees to an info-sharing agreement on this one particular gig, as a possible avenue to a future alliance. He also gets the remaining team members some fake merc SINs to allow them to continue to move about town, in exchange for the info gathered.

When they get back to the safehouse from the port, Creature also announces xe is leaving, along with Shan and Shun, to help maintain the Sea Dragon’s gains in Chicago amidst the corporate push back into the former CZ there. They take the sub and head off, with Tabasco briefly debating going along with as both he and Creep ponder what exactly they’re still doing in Detroit. CG and Dig have made some more local connections they’re invested in, and Creep is learning his way around the city, so they decide to stay. Creature seems more likely to return in a “day-to-day” capacity than Carol, though xe will be more geographically distant in the interim.

Dig, waking up from his nap, hears all this and informs the team he recently met a driver at the Zoo, who seems to do some shadow work on the side. They call up Otters and get her to come take the van for a test drive, very much impressing them. In Tabasco’s best attempt at OpSec, this all takes place in front of the Tin Can, instead of out back, directly at the safehouse. They sell Zennia the FAB suit they found in Ellis’ lab, but Creep proves to be a poor negotiator, so they quickly realize they’ll be neeeding a face. Luckily, Otters just met one, the face/sniper Locke, doing some smuggling jobs, and has actually just gotten a call from Locke to look into a mystery for The Detective, Locke’s mentor.

There are some strange broadcasts occurring around town, and The Detective thinks it might be a numbers station or similar, and wants it looked into. They’re too deep into a Zen binge to do it themself, so has enlisted Locke’s assistance. The team agrees to help Locke with this job in exchange for their help with a job they need a face for: getting the local rap collective Glock .50 to agree to sing to Johnny Silver’s “Silversound” imprint on Perianwyr’s label. Otters calls her Keepers contact Arda, who passes along the number for another Keeper who is also part of the loose G50 collective: Marjo-Lin. Recognizing her as one of his new magical order members, Dig makes contact, and after allaying her initial suspicions, she listens to Locke’s pitch and passes it onto the rest of the group.

They get back in touch shortly, agreeing to the terms with two addendums: they want a celebratory gig at the Brickhouse, and they want a meet and greet with Silver himself. The team gets the gig set up easily via Locke’s connections with Marv, who seems to view it as a good opportunity for a secret meeting that he invites the team to. For the meet and greet, the best they can get through Zennia is an agreement that it will happen sometime, when Silver is available, as he is still on the run from the Wild Hunt at the moment. G50 agrees, so job done! Zennia pays the team the signing bonus and seems to have taken a shine to her new safehouse renters, as they are proving adept at closing contracts for her.

They next all head out to check out the numbers station mission, as an exchange for Locke’s help. The team kinda fumbles around for a while before semi-accidentally revealing to Otters and Locke the existence of MAMA. the RCC/TacNet CCOB hidden in the van’s smuggling compartment, and a few other big/expensive secrets. However, once they give Otters access to the RCC, the mission goes a lot faster, though Dig did manage his spell this time and got some good data from it as well. They find 7 broadcast points on different frequencies, and spending some time on it over the day, figure out the schedule as well. However, Locke is unable to decipher the code, so they might be using a one time pad or similar, which would make decoding incredibly difficult. CG also harvests some interesting toxic-adjacent plants up in the Blight that Jaga had recommended as interesting culinary additions for Castiron.

As they all link back up with the van to compare notes, they spot and hear a number of KE drones and cars travelling the city, as well as receive matrix broadcasts, that there is a shelter in place order starting at midnight for the duration of an ARES “special military operation” training period (an unspecified duration). Remo manages to get a message through to Tabasco with a screenshot of Jackpoint post telling users there to “keep an eye on Detroit in the next few days”, as well as a linked video what looks to be a hacked weather satellite that JP was using to do just that getting shot down by a ship coated in Void Black.

In a bit of a panic, the team decides to quickly bring Otters and Locke into the team norms, files, and secret knowledge, and after they both agree, do so. Locke quickly disappears into a Tarot and secrets hole, and is almost non-responsive while sponging up info. The rest of the team decides to head for the Brickhouse for the G50 show ahead of the curfew, and see what this secret meeting is about. They are unable to get any matrix comms out of the city, though comms inside still seem to be working. Otters is very stressed about an AI with self-editing capabilities living on the teams TacNet but otherwise is very excited to be included.

Reaching the club, they are ushered into a back room, with some stairs leading underground, into the warded area CG had previously spotted from outside. Marv, Ringmaster and Rifleman, as well as some other mercs and runners, are poring over screens and info, and Marv ID’s a technomancer in a hacker’s crash couch, hooked up to IV drip, as their current means of getting info in and out. He says they have a lot to talk about, and invites them to grab what seats they can amidst the chaos and get down to biz, then enjoy the show, then head out to get to work…

Import slash Export
10/28/2022, 8:42:54 PM
RUNNERS:
Chessick Allens-Whitehill
and introducing:
Otters aka Roadkill
and Locke

Chessick, having learned some lessons from the reopening of Boston, where the corps crashed back in and undid a lot of the good work that runners had done building communities during the Lockdown (at least aboveground) has been working to keep the same from happening in Chicago. He has also as usual been documenting the casualties and losses suffered by the civilian populace, as well as the various figures who live along societies edges. With some Neo-Anarchist contacts in town he has also been trying to help runners, gangers and others in Detroit to survive the ARES crackdown there. Having lost connection to the city as ARES tightens their hold, he is looking to make some new contacts there and set up a new smuggling pipeline.

He takes a contract to bring a package in, assured that Detroit fixers have found some runners to meet him and get him safely to the delivery point Meanwhile, in Detroit, Howell has called up Otters and told her he has a transpo job for preem pay, and The Detective has instructed Locke to assist with this task as well. Both fixers were contacted by the PPI duo Smoach and Myrryr on behalf of an outside third party, and both runners are told that if they pull it off, this could be the start of a hot new smuggling pipeline, much needed in these tight times, especially for those who don’t want to live fully under ARES’ thumb.

Chessick hires some smuggler contacts to take him across Lake Erie from Toledo over near the ARES cordon, and waits there for contact. Locke and Otters meet up and do some scouting to choose an ideal spot to get him to shore, and choose a nature reserve in South Windsor. Otters uses a delivery drone to get a biofiber bag and wetsuit out to Chessick, and also to help him ashore after he proves to be a truly shit swimmer. Locke times all the patrols out and figures their patterns, but with the delay due to Chessick’s bad swimming has to take out a drone with their sniper rifle.

Chessick and Otters do some quick thinking, and use a burner comm for a distraction for pursuers, while using the ambient life in the nature preserve to try to lose any magical trackers, while Locke watches their backs and leads them out. Using the van provided by Howell, Otters impresses the other 2 with some quality sneaky driving over to the Green Groves water treatment plant, while Chessick makes sure cameras and other sensors don’t pick them up on the way, and Locke provides studied encouragement.

They deliver the mystery package to a gender-fluid eco-shaman named The Walker In Ways, who says some cryptic things about maintaining and balancing the local manasphere, and bids them well. They all crash at their safehouses, and get contacted by their fixers again the next day for a followup gig. It seems the first delivery was a test run for this, the true mission. They are to use similar tactics to get 2 people ashore with noone spotting them, and making sure to lose any magical pursuit as best they can. These two need delivering to a runner bar called the Razorboyz Edge in The Blight.

They pass along a message for the sub dropping the two off to park outside the ARES cordon in Lake St. Clair and wait for them to make contact. Chessick and Otters team up to boost Otters’ signal, and she takes over piloting of the sub to steer it in, while Locke provides thorough updates on ARES patrol patterns, and Chessick hacks some nearby stores and signs to create some distractions. They get the 2 passenger hustled into the van, and Otters once again does some impressive sneak driving, with Locke on lookout and Chessick keeping them off feeds and sensors.

They reach the Oakland County Zoo and Locke puts her specialty skills to use, taking the group near, through, and around a series of animals and enclosures to obscure their astral traces, especially via some access tunnels under the aquarium. Thoroughly “greenwashed”, they load back in the van after Chessick checks it for trackers, and head to McKenzie Arcology bordering The Blight. Chessick and Locke manage to negotiate a better deal than Otters has ever managed on her own to use the tunnels underneath, though luckily Otters knows the tunnels well as she manages to navigate them around some traps set by The Cutters, who seem to have taken over much of the turf from the Maulers, the traditional gang in charge.

They safely sneak the two passengers over the bar and drop them off. The Asian man seems very dangerous and tightly coiled, and the Dakota woman seems calmer but also quite powerful, or used to command at least. They refuse to ID themselves but say the team impressed them, and they may be in touch in future if they need their skills again. They also hint they’ve heard of Chessick and tell him to keep up the good work. They tell him the sub is available for him to return to Chicago, and he heads out, confident they can at least get supplies to their Detroit allies in a pinch. Locke notices that the 2 passengers are wearing subtle disguises, likely enough to fool AI facial recognition, but thinks they could recognize them again if they seem either of the 2 out of disguise.

The other 2 go their separate ways for now, but feeling they have a good thing going, vow to work together again soon….

Extraction Gone Wrong
10/24/2022, 5:00:53 PM
Runners
Carol
Creature
Tabasco
Creep
Chew Gum
Dig

Chew Gum and Jaga make some friends in Hamtramck with the People of the Book Burial Society and others, and CG uses this as an excuse to get a little more intel on the mysterious Children of Loxley. Carol receives a “condolences” message from Vogel, at some risk, who also suggests it might be time for Carol to come work for him directly since things are heating up. Carol wants to do this one last job with the team and then plans to make his exit. Creature, having given Shan and Shun the tour, also seems to be planning to leave to return with them to Chicago and focus on cementing the Sea Dragon’s position there, as Detroit already has too many dragons looking at it:Ghostwalker has agents on the ground looking to push for a Free City, Arleesh has an agent in town stirring up trouble, and Lung is apparently looking to make some moves into town from Toronto via the Triad. Plus, the bad bug vibes everywhere….

Shan and Shun arrange to rent the sub from the team for a few days in order to transport themselves to Chicago and then send it back. Dig hears back from a few more promising people about his Red Magic post, and manages to found a 3-person Order based out of the Oakland County Zoo room he rented from the rigger Roadkill. The two acolytes are a street-smart tough kid and a strict hermiticist academic, so an interesting combo so far. Creep scopes out “lay low” spots around town, and he and Tabasco head over to an unlisted cyber clinic after getting some names from Smoach and Myrryr. They find the former Probe/DeeCee transhumanist Leonna Octave running the spot, called the Metal Maniacs Clinic, which has amassed a small crew of aesthetic enthusiasts. Creep talks to them, planning to make fun of them, but actually has a nice convo about esoteric implants.

They both get some surgeries scheduled, with Creep adding a few more survival-focussed mods, and Tabasco clearing up some essence hole room to fit in some combat mods. Octave tries to sell them on more extreme mods and embracing maximum implant culture, but they demure, for now. Dig and Jaga help CG replenish one of his spirits, making a new rotting plant matter mass to twine about himself. Tabasco and Carol get a call from Ibn Hassan, offering work if they happen to indeed be in Detroit. They accept, and get a gig to drive the mafia loansharks out of Hamtramck in order to let the Hawala networks there fill the gap.

CG arranges a meeting with a local runner named Sikh Burn, a combat mage who fights with a flaming zulfiqar, and who maybe used to run with the CoL. After feeling him out a bit, SB agrees to put CG in touch with a man named Alfredo who he says is the tactical coordinator for the CoL. CG and Carol set up a deal with Alfredo to smuggle in a bunch of guns, armor, explosives, and other materiel in exchange for them working to drive the mafia off, a goal they already believe in. They seem to look more favorably on the team being in “their” neighborhood after this.

Having passed a few days and given Carol time to process his dead dad feelings a bit, they decide to crack down on the Ellis job. They look into Ringmaster’s dossier, and seeing no better option, decide to riskily contact Ellis directly, though in code. Carol uses his knowledge from the ARES space station to send her a message posing as her former lover, and she responds in a way suggesting that she knows what’s up and will help them help her. They roll over to the facility where she works (and seemingly can’t leave), and use their ARES SINs and van electrochromic coating to get into the lot. Spotting some passive magical security, Dig and CG stay in the van.

The rest of the team sneaks in through a side door, which unlocks, just as they approach. They find the drone guards inside temporarily disabled, with a map to Ellis flashing on their ARO projectors. They proceed further in, losing comms with those outside. The team outside spots another runner van similar to the hit crew they went up against on the Zoo/Jones extraction, and CG does some astral recon- it seems like they learned their lesson from last time, and left a guard and spirit with the rigger this time. The guard opens fire on the team van with a minigun, damaging it badly. Dig starts magically driving, as CG uses spirit powers to befuddle the rigger and gunner, but comes under attack from the spirit.

After some magical speed control and dramatic crashes, Dig and CG emerge victorious but the team van is almost wrecked in the process. Meanwhile, inside, the team gets into an intense fight with some sec drones camouflaged as vending machines, taking them out, but hearing what sounds like another team breaching into the facility along a parallel path to theirs. They continue in, getting into a running gun battle with facility security. They manage to turn building security on the other team, and loop around back behind them to try to get the drop. Unfortunately, amidst all the chaos, something triggers Ellis to decide to take her chances and trigger her own escape plane.

The team is surprised to see a large capsule blast through the facility walls and start sinking into the river outside, trailing various fluids. Creature sneaks into the lab it exploded out of, and finds no sign of Ellis, but does recover a hard drive that says “README” and one of the FAB suits before escaping before the goons in the next room can recover from the phosphorous arrows and lube grenade combo and start shooting again. Tabasco and Creep dive into the river to follow the capsule, but Creep can’t swim and starts drowning, so Tabasco has to save him instead. Creature debates following but doesn’t want to get the drive wet, and and head spotted a leaking FAB pipe in the lab and so is worried about that too.

Carol races back out to take over driving the van and get out of there as Dig runs to the river and leaps in, turning into a dolphin. He luckily also spots some leaking FAB trailing the capsule and abandons pursuit, not wanting to risk it. He swims to shore, and sneaks back to ground, meeting up with the drone he purchased to carry his belonging when in animal form. Tabasco and Creep also get to shore and sneak back to the safehouse using some of Creep’s new knowledge, worried their ARES SINs might be burned.

Carol picks up Creature with the drive, and races off with CG in the van as well. Unfortunately, he feels he didn’t drive fast enough and is worried about fast response tracking them, so they find an obscure spot to ditch and split up, also sneaking back to the safehouse on foot. It turns out it was good they did- when they are all about a block away a drone detonates the van with a missile, they can feel the heat even from where they are. Close call! With everyone reunited, it’s time to analyze the data, sell that suit, and figure out how/if they can get to that capsule….

Subs, Clubs, and Troub(le)s
10/17/2022, 2:00:23 PM
Runners
Carol
Tabasco
Creep
Chew Gum
Dig

With Jones in the VTOL asserting that she’s been running “comms off” since DeeCee, the team decides to still not take any chances, and links up with her on the roadside, jamming her just in case, before heading to the Kiss Me Quick. Carol and Creep decide to stay there overnight and continue to examine Roderick Kensington’s lunatic manuscript to stay awake, while the rest of the team heads back to the Tin Can safehouse to rest up. CG convinces everyone to swap the walk-in freezer for a permanent ritual space, and gives them all the debrief about what’s he learned about the area and who he’s made connections with.

Carol and Creep find an illustration of what looks to be a Tarot card in Kensington’s notes, and the team spends a while speculating what it might mean. In the morning, the same crew of local runners (Smaug, Lunatech, and SINder) show up to collect Jones on behalf of Weathernight, and Carol negotiates for some pay. She says she’ll be in touch next time they have another job for them, and Carol and Creep head back to the safehouse, deciding to rest a bit during the day while the rest of the team figures out some logistics and personal agendas.

For one thing, the sub has arrived from Seattle. The team decides not to offer Shan and Shun space at their safehouse, so Creature volunteers to show them around and give them the lay of the land. Iva has a SIN from Vogel, and Dig purchases a license for his construct, so the only one they have to smuggle in is Jaga, and the van is well-equipped for that. CG puts in a call to Rubberhead and pays for access to a quiet dock that night out near the airport in Windsor. They pick everyone up and get them back to the safehouse with no trouble- Iva is excited to get to work in her new dev lab, and Jaga begins setting up the greenhouse.

Meanwhile, Tabasco and CG decide to go investigate the Platinum Joytrolls club, with Tabasco heading straight in (after being stripped of weapons) and CG investigating outside. Tabasco quickly gets made by the owner Marv, who seems to know an uncomfortable amount about him, and tells him to return the next night with whoever he wants to bring from his crew for a longer convo. CG gets spotted and also spots a neo-anarchist German gnome named Castiron, who after being impressed by his ogre belly provides some info about the area- the whole block is owned by Marv and informally referred to as “the Platinum Zone”, composed of the titular strip club (trolls of all genders and body types!), to the Brickhouse (a legendary venue), to some restaurants, cafes, and apartments. CG spots some warded underground areas as well but doesn’t get any info about those.

Dig has headed to the Oakland County Zoo to seek out Red Mages, but finds none. However, the area would be a great power center for such an order, so Dig decides to try to build one up. He makes some awkward matrix posts, and rejects the first response from someone who seems like the wrong sort of animal enthusiast, and awaits further replies. He does meet a Zoo employee named Roadkill who seems quite enthusiastic and helpful, though not very knowledgeable about magic. She implies she could help move product or other things if Dig needs, and they trade contact info. She also agrees to rent Dig time in a rarely used loading dock once a week for his magic order, assuming anyone else ever shows up.

They head back, agreeing to return tomorrow, and everyone awakens the next day wuith CG, Dig, and Jaga all having had weird shared dreams again. Dig is not sure if this was enhanced by the strange crystal his talismonger insisted on selling him, which he insisted wouldn’t do anything. This time, the dreams show two different underground cities, one teaming with bugs (and as Roderick had said, too many shamans and not enough Queens), and one seemingly a massive, lovingly-tended to ossuary, including bones appearing to be from bug hybrids. Disturbing! They decide to use the hair they acquired to track down Roderick and ask more questions. With the help of a massive spirit from Dig, they find him and discover that he has a Tarot card in his possession.

They show him a few of theirs, but it isn’t until Dig describes the shared dream that Roderick is willing to show them his. It’s a card they haven’t before: The Eclipse! This also seems to be the same card illustrated in his notes. He claims the card gives him visions. The team briefly debates taking it by force, knowing how valuable it is, especially on the Seelie Court, and Creep once again speculates that this guy might be a former Coimiediai, based on some various info in the team file. For now they decide to leave him be, after he starts getting suspicious of their lengthy, silent convo.

They head back south and pick up CG, who had split off for the morning to do some Grave Binding for the People of the Book interfaith burial society. This will justify his presence, and the presence of his magical lodge, in Hamtramck, if the team needs that cover story. They all head back to Platinum Zone for the meeting, except for Creature, who is still off with Shan and Shun discussing what the Sea Dragon might want to get into/out of Detroit.

The team is once again disarmed and ushered back to a meeting room by a Boston survivor with a strong accent. They find Marv waiting for them casually carrying an old autocannon- Carol tries on some jibes about the old model and Marv mostly plays along. He is accompanied by a wiry and somewhat tense human man dressed in specifically unmemorable casual wear, and a very nattily dressed Black dwarf who is fully bald. Marv says there’s no need or introductions until they clear a few things up, and that the team isn’t leaving til they have this convo. Creep blusters a bit and Marv says everyone can still leave as friends but it’s cards on the table time.

The trio quickly reveal that they know a good bit about the team- the dwarf seems like the intel guy of the 3, and knows Tabasco, Creep, and Carol’s history reasonably well, he seems less familiar with CG and Dig, though he’s aware of their Tzuri Group ties. After the team all confirms that they are aware of multiple ARES factions and the infighting therein, and that they aren’t loyal to either Knight or Otto’s factions, the dwarf seems to suggest that he’s aware that Carol at least is working for another faction, though it’s unclear if he knows about Vogel or not. The team seems to pass whatever kind of test this was, and the trio agree to share some info and hire the team on for a job.

The wiry human introduces himself as Rifleman, who Tabasco had previously messaged on Jackpoint about the mysterious gathering of mercs in NW Ohio. He explains that he and some other like-minded individuals are trying to field a small force in town to try to limit the damage of Latvian Gambit, which is bound to be a total clusterfuck, especially for the civilians in town. It seems like the team knows a bit more, specifics-wise, about what ARES has planned, overall. The dwarf intro’s himself as Ringmaster, and after some back and forth, suggests that he is working for/with Arleesh, which gets the team on-side a bit more. He explains that their theory is that Otto never stopped being a bug shaman and has managed to effectively turn a significant portion of the corp towards the bug agenda from the inside, slowly and over years, only now openly moving to take control.

The job they want the team to do is to extract one Dr. Ellis! Only Carol has met her, but the others are familiar from the team file. Ellis has apparently been integral to Otto’s plans and would be a valuable intel asset, but they assume she’ll be well-protected and that Knight will likely be after her as well. The team agrees, and Ringmaster sends over a dossier with her location details and the intel they’ve been able to gather. Before they can discuss anything further, the server knocks at the door and passes Rifleman in an infochip. He slides it onto the screen in the corner, and the team watches the breaking news.

A massive explosion shook ARES HQ tower in Downtown moments ago, reportedly killing the entire Board of Directors except for Damien Knight himself, who has now assumed total control of the corp, saying that in honor of their memories, he will not appoint a new board, merely an emergency advisory group (which seems like it will have no real power). Listed amongst the dead in the bombing is Carol’s dad, Michael Turpentine II. Tabasco tries to offer some comfort, but too quickly, and Carol dashes off to be alone in the bathroom for a bit, where he turns off the TacNet and does some novacoke. Adding confusion, Michael III, his brother, was named to the advisory board, a major promotion.

Ringmaster buys some drinks for the team, and tells them to try to get Ellis soon. Although ARES PR has labelled this as a terror attack, he thinks it was almost certainly Knight deciding to take the shackles off and begin operating with no real oversight, which implies things are about to get bad in Detroit. They also get a message from Vogel offering condolences to Carol and telling them that things will be accelerating quickly from here, with Knight apparently increasingly paranoid and prone to outbursts.

Safehouses and Sahara's Just Desserts
10/10/2022, 8:13:53 PM
Runners
Carol
Creature
Tabasco
Creep
Chew Gum
Dig

The team, flush with their payday from Weathernight, decides to focus on making some connections and finding one or more safehouses. After debating for quite a while, they decide to go all in with Smoach and Myrryr, PPI, and call them up. They have a fruitful convo, and trade some info. First off, S&M tell them they got some initial results from the sample from the strange Underground critters the team encountered while stealing the dragon egg. These seem to be Petrophages, rare deep metaplanar beasts that transform their prey to stone before crushing and consuming them with their wide teeth. They prefer magically active targets, which explains why they focused on Chew Gum. S&M ask to send off the sample for further analysis, saying they have some contacts at a privately funded lab who can probably get more data. The team agrees, and Tabasco makes a quiet note to dig further: could this be Toast’s mysterious “ex-corp scientists” lab that he read so much about on the shadowboards?

Carol carefully warns S&M about the forthcoming bug threat, without providing specifics, and okays them to quietly warn their networks to keep an eye out four trouble. S&M seem surprised that based on Carol’s info, a wandering street preacher in the Blight seems to have predicted some portion of what’s coming. The team decides to track him down after finding safehouses. They get a rundown from the PPI’s on safehouses by style and district, and choose two: a climate-controlled garage unit in Windsor out near the airport, and a spot behind the Tin Can blues bar in Hamtramck. They rent the Windsor unit through the limited AI that runs the facility, and drive over to give it a quick once over. Dig plans to set up a ritual circle there.

They head to Hamtramck, and find the pink-bedecked dwarf fixer Zennia expecting them. She orders shots (seems like a hard party-er), and reveals that Myrryr is a pigeon shaman, who keeps some birds on the roof, along with some of Zennia’s. She says with all the sweeps ARES has been conducting and the difficulty of getting into town, there haven’t been a lot of runners needing her services of late, but the team agrees to talk business the next day after resting up. They put in their “build to suit” requests for the space, and for now just rent a double wide trailer in a fenced in lot out back of the bar, where Dig quickly passes out from Long Haul, having looked progressively more and more haggard.

They all luxuriously rest, and wake up the next day (absent Dig who is still passed out). Chew Gum wanders around Hamtramck, making contact with the People of the Book Joint Faith Burial Society, where he has to spend some social cred to get them to trust him as his magic looks pretty creepy at first. Once he explains that he can help with the Grave Binding ritual to allow them to bury their dead intact, instead of following ARES’ cremation requirements, they seem much more enthused, and he makes a few new friends there, as well as getting some further info on the area and the city.

Meanwhile, the rest of the team meets with Zennia over breakfast, a few of them getting rare real eggs from the barkeep, who makes them promise to keep quiet about the chickens he keeps on the roof- for tenants and trusted patrons only. Zennia fills them in on a few open contracts she has, but seems to be trying to stay out of the ARES infighting, perhaps correctly fearing the high lethality incumbent to those runs. They agree to look into her jobs if they get the opportunity, and head up to the Blight to track down the street preacher. Finding a local clinic and making a donation, they get some intel on a recent sighting, and manage to track the guy down near the toxic-smelling Black Creek.

He seems pretty out of it, but after they awkwardly pay him too much money, he shares his “thesis” with Carol (mad scrawlings on a variety of surfaces, in various directions and languages), and also delivers some worrying prophecy, predicting that something lies beneath them which will soon devour them all, and also reciting Hansu Prophecy 9 verbatim. So they aren’t sure how much of his “prophecy” is original, or where he’s getting it from, but eventually they ask one too many questions and he scarpers. Luckily he agreed to provide a piece of hair in case they need to track him down again, after they promise not to do “anything creepy” with it, as Tabasco has confirmed that though the man himself is not magical, there is something magical on or about him….

They head back to Hamtramck, and get a call on the way: Weathernight has another job! She fills them in on a DeeCee fixer who got mixed up in the ARES internal war and apparently fled town, headed for Detroit, just ahead of some assassins who took out her boss as well as the senator she had blackmailed. Weathernight expects this fixer, Sahara Jones, to arrive in town the next day, but doesn’t know via what means or where exactly, and explains that everyone wants her and what she might know: if the team can’t take her alive, they are to make sure she doesn’t survive for someone else to acquire.

The team spends a few hours researching the strange thesis they got from the street preacher, but it seems quite discordant and not overly useful, so they head to bed. Dig finally wakes up the next day, and the team fills him in. They seem very fixated on the thesis still, but Dig decides it’s the ravings of a madman, and that they should focus on the job, and gets the team on track. Chew Gum is still off on his wandering and helping the people adventure, so they proceed without him. After some research into the target and some recent political intrigue in DeeCee (including a threat to rescind the Business Recognition Accords as a power play against ARES’ extraterritoriality), they check the old team files, and find that some former members actually had some run-in’s with Sahara Jones when they were running in DeeCee.

Based on this, and some factional analysis, they determine that she is likely under Otto Hendricks’ sway, willingly or not, and is heading for his protection, which means she will likely be coming in under mafia protection, as they have a rep for safe people-moving (the local Mancino family doesn’t traffic, as a rule). From the docks, the quickest and easiest spot to stash her would be an ARES parazoological facility that Hendricks controls via his R&D department, so the team decides to head over and scope it out. Tabasco, deciding any tiger cage is as a good as another, also brings the rest of his mom’s ashes. He heads in to the public part of the zoo to scatter them, and does so successfully this time, though some excited kids quickly run through and kneel in them to get their faces right up on the plexi window into the enclosure.

Meanwhile, Dig has down a thought recognition spell with the image of Jones, and found 4 hitmen thinking about her in a “closed” nocturnal mammmals wing of the zoo with a good sightline to the parazoological facility dock. Tabasco and Creep prepare to sneak in and take out the hitmen, while Carol hangs back to pilot van and VTOL, and Creature and Dig (now in muscular dolphin form) wait underwater near the docks. They put in a call the CG that things are about to go down, ping their location, and wait for Jones to arrive….

CG rolls up to the parking lot on his bike and sidecar just as everything kicks off- the mafia smuggler boat is approaching the docks, and the kill team is setting up weapons in the closed exhibit. Creep and Tabasco sneak up on the snipers through some employee-access passages, but don’t quite get there in time to stop them taking out most of the mafiosos as they exit the boat. The snipers are prevented from taking out Jones by a large water spirit allied with the mafiosos. CG and Dig send their spirits to start attacking that spirit, while Tabasco and Creep fell 3 of the snipers with non-lethal rounds.

Dig, in dolphin form, keeps trying to sink the mafia boat to prevent escape but repeatedly fails, and it is sunk by some holes shot in it by the snipers. Creature takes out one of the 2 remaining mafiosos in water drake form, and Carol knocks the other one into the water with the VTOL, where Dig savages him with his huge dolphin muscles. Carol convinces Jones to climb into the VTOL over the speaker and zips her out of there, as CG goes over to deal with the sniper’s getaway van that Carol spotted in the parking lot. CG decides to skip the non-lethal option, and uses a terrifying combo if spirit powers and shotgun to befuddle the rigger inside and then silently blow his head off.

Tabasco and Creep exfil under fire as the sniper team wakes back up from stim patches etc, and begins rallying. However, with some slick driving from Carol and all the useful stealth features on the van they manage to get out of there without any further trouble. Creature and Dig leave via water, with Dig turning into a bird a little ways away to link up with the team, and Creature taking public transit back to the safehouse.

Jumping Ship Part 2
10/3/2022, 11:14:12 AM
Runners
Carol
Creature
Tabasco
Creep
Chew Gum
Dig

The team begins the day by checking the local feeds, and find them very throttled under ARES control. There doesn’t seem to be an independent media other than some freelance bloggers, and the local shadownet is pretty anemic- mostly missing persons posts and tips on how to avoid getting caught up in the sweeps. However, the team still catches wind that their high profile extraction yesterday has gotten ARES interested in them, so they decide to get an electrochromic coating on the van, and keep Carol out of sight for now, since he was the only one the ARES corpsec saw.

Tabasco calls up Smoach and Myrryr, PPI, and dropping Vermont’s name makes a new connection in town. They provide the name of a repair shop/parts emporium that can fix up the van, and a rigger named Rubberhead who they can make contact with there. Chew Gum heads over to do so, fearing he’s too disturbing and memorable for a subtle recon mission. S&M also agree to analyze the sample CG got from the strange critters the team encountered underground that had the petrification powers. Tabasco, wanting to make new friends, warns them about the Seattle area dragon danger, but they seem snagged by the mystery are onboard.

CG wanders Rigs, Rims and Ratchets (“The Triple”) for a bit before paying off a local tout to show him to Rubberhead, who quickly agrees to work with him. and seems to be a smuggler by trade, affiliated with the Technicolor Wings syndicate, who Kit had worked with a bit on CarBoxing in Seattle. They get the van sorted, and CG buys a new small vehicle with sidecar for himself and his spirits. The rest of the team is doing recon on the Golden Microchip club- based on Nyssa Hallas’ intel the spot some high end security, but it seems like magic is their weak point (an ARES classic). Dig gives Carol a clairvoyance ritual which allows them to scope out the inside of the club, and also does some astral recon while still at the Kiss Me Quick monitoring the extractee and his dogs.

There is a single watcher spirit observing the club, only 2 entrance/exits (one of which is emergency only), good fire suppression systems, and modern, small/efficient vents. So the team decides on an unconventional plan, and aims to execute this evening upon the target’s arrival. They buy some injectable laxatives from a medical supply store on the way back to the safehouse, and meet up with CG. They take the van and Dig, while CG wards the safehouse and keeps an eye on things. Scoping out the ARES Orchard housing complex, it essentially looks like an arcology-sized sprawling campus. Tabasco heads in using his fresh ARES ID and scopes out the public areas with a visitor pass. No easy way to get to the target via that means, but Dig has an idea.

They summon the stealthed VTOL, and Creature rigs up a multi-part explosive: one high ex, one frag, and one chloroform, all daisy-chained. Xe also shows Dig how to start the short timer on it. Carol pilots the VTOL up to the target’s window and crashes it through, with Dig inside. Dig crawls out, naked, and tells the surprised woman he is here to get her out for Vogel while running a jammer to foil surveillance. He hands her a knife and tells her to leave a bio-sample and then sets the timer. She stoically cuts off a finger and then climbs in the VTOL. Dig transforms himself into a shrew and climbs in as well, and Carol pilots them back out as the room explodes behind them. The chloroform seems to have possibly ignited and a noxious cloud is spewing forth, without looking like they did much damage outside the room- right on target. THey hope this “biohazard” plus some DNA left behind will confuse and slow pursuit efforts.

Still jammed, Dig and the target climb into the smuggling compartment, and Carol slowly drives away. They get pulled over by KE, but Carol manages to talk his way out of it by playing the “good corp citizen”, and all their ID’s scan, so they are on their way. They get back to Kiss Me Quick, and this extractee seems to know the drill- she points the jammer at herself, bandages up her missing finger, and climbs into one of the body bags, zipping it up to her face. She says she’ll keep an eye on the dogs while the team heads out on the next leg of the job, and DIg leaves some old flatvids playing to keep her entertained.

They head back to the club, and execute. Creature gets in line, well-disguised, and Carol and CG wait nearby in the van to spot the target. Creep, Tabasco and Dig (in bird form) wait out back. After a few VIP arrivals, they finally spot their target exiting an air cab with his security detail. Creature manages to do a brush pass and inject him with the laxative, while playing it off as if xe were just drunk and stumbling. Xe manages to talk xyr way away from security and loops back around to the van. Meanwhile, out back, Tabasco is scanning back and forth with another clairvoyance from Dig, and quickly spots the target rushing into one of the bathrooms.

Dig begins shaping concrete to open the wall up, while Creep prepares to grab the target. Unfortunately, a woman barges in to the bathroom, seemingly thinking that the target has something planned. He’s totally confused, but the team decides not to investigate further, and Tabasco knocks her out with an arrow as soon as the wall opens enough, surprising both the people inside. Creep grabs the target and tranqs him, stuffing him into the VTOL while he’s still shitting himself. DIg, in bird form still, flies back to the safehouse. Tabasco takes public transit back, and Carol drives the van crew. Seeing that she hit her head in the fall, Creep slaps a trauma patch on the woman in the bathroom, and then sneaks off himself.

Tabasco, Dig and CG stay at the Kiss Me Quick with the 3 extractees, keeping the first and last slabbed and zipped up, and leaving the 2nd one conscious since she is very hepful (and was the only one who knew she was going to be extracted ahead of time and was onboard). The rest of the team heads back to the Black Creek coffin motel, but are woken in the middle of the night by some suspicious sounds, and manage to bail just ahead of a raid on the building. While sneaking off, they spots what looks to be Cutters out of their colors, with a small crew of Desolation Angels seemingly on the lookout for mages and bugs amongst those the Cutters are rounding up and scanning.

Meanwhile, Weathernight has called the KMQ crew and told them to expect a team of 3 runners to manage the pickup, who quickly arrive- an ork named Lunatech is driving, while an elf mage named SINder and a dwarf with draconic cyber-theme named Mr. Smaug handle the physical end. Tabasco, CG and DIg help run jammers and haul the extractees to the waiting van, and are excited to meet some other runners in town. This crew also seems excited about some new talent in town and they exchange contacts. The pickup crew rolls out, and both halves of the team link back up. Tabasco debates whether to contact Don Michaels and try to find out what the Cutters are up to and if the team is a specific target or not, but for now they get paid, and need to make some more local contacts and find a new safehouse.

Weathernight says to take a day or two to get settled and she’ll have more work for them soon.

Jumping Ship
9/27/2022, 11:50:33 AM
Runners
Carol
Creature
Tabasco
Creep
Chew Gum
Dig

The team peruses the dossier from Vogel on the drive in, and sees an impressively militarized city before them. ARES troops, many in what looks to be nearly brand new armor, guard checkpoints through the 8 meter high border wall (lined with bio-fiber), and a state of (soft) martial law has been declared- by entering the city, they are told they are agreeing to be subject to immediate corporate corporal punishment at any security forces discretion. However, once they enter the city itself the mood seems less dire. The populace seems to (mostly) be accepting that this is merely a criminal round-up and sweep and ARES joint forces training exercise.

The team drives around a bit to get a feel for the city- their new SINs seem to work just fine, though they do get thoroughly checked at the Zone crossings near the city core, which seems to be where ARES is preparing to launch and contain Operation: Latvian Gambit. Creature, Tabasco and Creep leverage their memberships on Jackpoint and ShadowSea to get invites to d.matrix and Frozen Shadows, the two more local boards, and get some additional insight into the various neighborhoods and where to find some safehouse options. They head to Vendor’s Row and meet Weathernight at an excessively generic sandwich shop that disconcertingly only sells noodles.

She’s doing a remarkable job at a light disguise to make her look like she could plausibly be working for a different corp, without being so obvious as to attract attention. Once they are in the restaurant, she shoos the cook away (after he delivers some mediocre food to Chew Gum), and gets down to business. Vogel has determined that as well as himself, Otto Hendricks also appears to be vying with Damien Knight for power within ARES. Worse yet, Vogel has detected the working of a secret 4th faction, but has no idea who they are, or what their agenda is. Given this, he needs the team to extract certain promising executives, to make sure they remain safe and intact during the transition and his ascent to power.

Weathernight gives the team the first 3 names, and limited dossiers on each, as well as her take on where each should be extracted for maximum chance of success. She offers a large payday given the difficulty of the task as well as the short timeline. The team agrees, gets some money upfront on Carol’s suggestion, and heads out. They scope out the safehouse that Weathernight suggested be used as a stash spot for the 3, and plan to get their own personal safehouse in the Blight. They decide to do the targets in reverse order of expected difficulty, and go after the one they need to grab on the go first.

They head over to Grosse Pointe to check out his house- a decent shoreside mini-mansion. Spotting a groundskeeper walking the dogs, they decide to kidnap the pets as a way in, while Creep sneaks into the house to retrieve a ritual sample of the target. Creature buys some raw meat, and Dig, in bird form, flies by the dogs to rile them up while CG uses control animals to get them running full tilt. CG also uses a powerful confusion on the groundskeeper, causing them to drop the leashes as they stop understanding gravity. The dogs continue racing after the meat/bird and leap into the waiting van, where Dig transforms back into human form and eats the meat while staring the dogs in the eyes to cow them into submission, which he succeeds at.

Meanwhile, avoiding cameras and alarms, Creep has carefully snuck into the house. He finds evidence of a recent divorce or split of some sort, and also retrieves a solid ritual sample from the main bathroom sink drain. He slips back out and into the van, and the team heads for Hamtramck, having heard there is a good pawn shop there which will sell illicit gear to those in the know. Reaching the Trading Post, Creep uses the appropriate password from d.matrix, and gets the drone attendant to get him a directional jammer, some longhaul, and a few other supplies. They drop Dig off at Kiss Me Quick (the stash spot), and head Downtown to wait for the target to get off work.

Dig makes a ritual circle and uses the ritual sample Creep got to locate the target, which is good since Carol and Creature were fooled by a disguise that ARES was using to try to trick any observers. Carol posts a well-composed “found dogs” message, and quickly gets a call back from the target. With some confusing hinting back and forth, the target signals cooperation with the extraction on the promise of his dogs being returned to him unharmed. With the correct target info, Carol frantically tries to keep up with the target’s convoy amidst heavy Downtown traffic. They lose them for a tense moment, but regain them just after the Zone crossing checkpoint. Pulling up alongside, they trigger their planned ambush near the port, figuring they won’t get a better chance, as it’s the lowest security area along the route.

CG causes the KE officer on the lead bike to have an accident while massively magically accelerating the first car behind him, which crushes both officer and bike, while the engine whines and the car slews out of control. Creature hits car 3 with a lube grenade, which causes it to crash into car 2 (carrying the target) when car 2 slows to avoid car 1. All three end up colliding. Creep pops smoke and thermal smoke grenades, as Carol rushes out of the team van to car 2. He pulls the target out and chucks a flashbang in, closing the door, as the slightly stunned guards struggle to respond. Creature launches a chloroform grenade at the guards as they all exit their vehicles, and CG uses accident on them now that they are visible, effectively preventing them from returning fire.

Carol races them out of there, while Creep flips the plate and false transponder chip to new ID’s. They swing back by Hamtramck, and grab some body bags and slab, finding the target and his dogs all pretty annoying. They drop the target off with Dig, and Tabasco stays at Kiss Me Quick as well to keep an eye on things. They slab the target and put him in the bag, with another jammer pointed at him as well, and keep him inside DIg’s ritual circle to block magic tracking. Dig takes some longhaul to keep this going for a few days while the rest of the team grabs the other targets.

CG calls in a favor with the Seoul’Pa fixer Sung Yi to do some hacking subterfuge, and she pings a few times at various locales in Chicago with a spoofed ID meant to look like the target, hopefully pulling ARES’ attention that direction. Dig and CG both ask around a little about potential contacts in the Red/Necro magic fields and don’t find much initially but get some good leads. Tabasco considers lurking around town as he likes to do to get the local crime scene report. But for now, the team (minus those at KMQ) head to the Blight and get a cheap/anonymous coffin for the night, with Creep staying in the van outside.

They wake up the next day, and plan to do some club recon, in prep for snatching the second target that night, while also looking into the corporate housing that they have to grab the 3rd target from.

Farewell, Emerald City
9/19/2022, 11:32:54 AM
Runners
Carol
Tabasco
Creep
Chew Gum
Dig

Tabasco gets a call from Emdachat Fahd, who tells him not to come by his condo- an anonymous caller warned tenants to vacate the building and then a dragon flew by and torched Tabasco’s unit. Other tenants who suffered losses are being compensated but Tabasco’s unit is to be left burnt and open to the elements “as a reminder”. Tabasco really wants to get out of town. Creature remains in hiding from KE for the time being, and Chew Gum and Dig dismantle all the ritual circles and lodges at CG’s Puyallup safehouse to get prepped to get out of town.

They decide to make some arrangements, and convince Shan and Shun to ride the team’s sub the long way around and meet them in Detroit. They try to convince a few others to come with as well, but only Iva Linus Hathaway takes them up on it after Vogel promises her funding for a weapons/armor dev lab and a job in his future ARES. Tommy Vermont also gives Tabasco contact info for a pair of paranormal PI’s in Detroit. Carol negotiates with Imaginary Annie for the final payout for calling Free Seattle correctly, and gets a big chunk of money- Annie seems to have leveraged the team’s info into a position of considerable power as a local fixer.

Dig decides to send his concrete construct along in the sub as well- it’ll be a little cramped but not too bad.The team hears from Miranda King, and gets the updates on her investigations into Spinrad’s assassination. Someone cleaned up thoroughly- the Feng Shui “construction team” turns out to be a high-end crew from GeMiTo, who were all found dead in their safehouse in Redmond, and the lawyer died of an unexpected stroke. Suspicious. She also provides a private number for Jonathon Blake to the team as a favor, the team doesn’t tell her what exactly it’s for.

Carol calls Blake, and they engage in a tense negotiation. Once Blake confirms that they already sold the data from the Journal, he says that’s unfortunate but that he has an idea for how they can still ensure their friend Maggie Magnusson’s freedom. He requires the team’s info on Dis (from the moon), and also requires all their data from their observation of the Entropy Circles- Aradia had told Aunt Clara about both of these and she had passed the info on to Blake. Carol reluctantly agrees, and the team preps for an evening of recon. Blake seems to know a lot about the team as well, so not much chance of running from this.

Dig makes a few watchers, and Carol sends over the drone swarm. Tabasco and Creep collab and determine that there are 3 possible locations for the next entropy circle, based on the pattern of the previous ones. The team finds Jaga waiting by the lake as well, causing some strange vines to grow out of the toxic lake. She agrees to help them with the evening’s activities, and the team splits into 3 pairs to also observe the 3 potential sites.

Carol and Jaga spot some furtive figures approaching their spot, and having seen noone at the other 2, the other 2 teams converge. Jaga conceals them while Carol observes and assembles his rifle. 7 toxic druids (who Tabasco recognizes as the fatberg harvesters from Redmond) start walking a ritual circle and burning toxic reagents, once ensuring they are unobserved (they don’t spot the team). Once the circle is mostly complete, a dark SUV pulls up, and a few people get out. 2 goons in suits emerge from the back with a drugged up person dragging between them, and another goon emerges from the front with a device- this looks to be one of the “portal devices” that the APEP Consortium rift jumpers have been using, but looks like it isn’t powered up right now. Creep notices it has a small orichalcum rod in it that they didn’t see in the last (used) one that they found.

As the team watches (and takes aim, and sneaks closer), the druids complete their circle and open a portal to what looks like the toxic plane of Miggon. Life is leached out of the area inside the circle by the poisonous miasma of that realm, and the drugged sacrificial victim dissolves in front of their eyes. The druids channel the power of the sacrifice into the waiting device, with the orichalcum rod seemingly storing the power. As the ritual closes, the team springs their trap. With judicious use of his spirits’ accident and concealment powers, CG is able to prevent the enemy from acting effectively, and the team makes quick work of slaughtering everyone.

They quickly flee the scene, and send Blake a nicely written summary with all the relevant feeds attached. They also hire a courier from ACE to deliver the quicksilver camera plates that CG took of the ritual (after taking photos of them for themselves). Blake reports that he finds their work satisfactory, and will release their friend once he receives the plates. The team decides it’s time to go, and picks up Creature from xyr hiding spot in Puyallup.

Creep insists on buying everyone Taco Temple on the way out of town, forgetting that he can’t eat. The team stops at a spot in Renton, planning to head out of town through a remote border crossing mostly used by hunters and loggers in the Tiger Mountain Wilderness area. Unfortunately, it seems the Puppet Master Killer somehow divined their location, and another Marry Me… fan/suicide bomber detonates after dashing into the van, shredding the team’s armor and coating the inside of the van with tacos and human flesh bits.

In a panic, the team heads for the border, and ends up having to bribe their way through due to the KE warrants out for Creature. However, the SSC border guards seem happy to fuck over KE and take some money for what are otherwise clean-looking SINs. They comment on the state of the van but Carol does his best to cover. They head out on I-90 at high speed, amidst the auto-haulers and long distance rigs. They notice a spirit following them, which swaps with another spirit at sunrise. Dig goes astral and questions it, and it seems like the border guards likely sent a spirit to keep an eye on them, since they pretty obviously seemed like runners.

They pause at a rest stop to let Dig use a water spirit to wash themselves and the van, leaving a horrifying pile of human remains and tacos mixed together in a slurry in a disused field at the edge of the rest stop- a fun investigation for whatever unfortunate someday discovers it. They head back out, wanting to reach the UCAS border before resting. Tabasco buys a second car, and gets ripped off, to see if they can trick the spirit that’s following them, but it just moves to a point between the 2 vehicles. They reach the Sioux Nation border, and the van clears easily with their good fake SINs. Tabasco and Creep get searched after telling the border guards that a spirit has been following them, which makes the guards suspicious. They totally destroy the interior of the car, but as they actually don’t have anything illegal, they just confiscate some of their drugs.

Both cars power on through another day and finally cross back into the UCAS, finding a motel in SW MN to rest up in. They take a full day to sleep and recover, and then head for Chicago, where Tabasco trades his (now shredded) Americar for van interior repair and armor repair to Goober, who seems excited to see Carol and Creature, though surprised at so many other new faces on the team. He shows them the Battle of Chicago Memorial and park, and tries to sell Tabasco a jetpack, but after a disastrous test flight, Tabasco decides not to buy. Goober also reports that the survivor support group he’s been doing with Lothan has been really helpful, and takes the team to Freaktown to replenish their drug supplies.

They see some exhausted party-ers there who seem to only be on their feet through extensive substance use and have a somewhat horrifying ecstatic visage- but, as Goober says, the dance must go on…. They also get some updates on the situation in Chicago. The CZ has been renamed the “Reformation Zone”, and the ASPS has been working to formalize the dance rituals and limit casualties. 3D and Hoodsville managed to drive Null seeding out of their host using some knowledge shared from Howard and Philips INC after their anti-Null work in Seattle, but the Chicago deckers took heavy casualties. Also, Mayor Presbitero has found a new target to use for his fear-mongering agenda now that the bugs are gone: the city’s Infected population, using Fear the Dark and other bogeymen as justification for cracking down on ghouls, vamps, and others as the city gets further rebuilt and corporatized- though the RZ still feels like a party.

With their van newly kitted out with a wide selection of mismatched interior panels, including some asorted carpeting, they load back up and head for Detroit. As they approach, they get sent the new ARES SINs that Vogel promised, and get some info packets from his agent on the ground, Gloria Weathernight, who gets them some updated maps and demographic details, and tells them to meet her at a cafe on Vendor’s Row. Seeing the 8 meter tall wall that encompasses the sprawl, the team prepares to head into ARES’ home town, hoping to wrest control of the corp over to Vogel and put an end to this bug nonsense.

Egging on the Dragons
9/12/2022, 1:01:49 PM
Runners
Carol
Tabasco
Creep
Chew Gum

The team awakens to some happy news: Free Seattle has passed! So Stuck won’t kill them, and Annie is satisfied with their work. Tabasco sends Stuck some celebratory cupcakes and Stuck sends back a slightly creepy thank you note hinting that he knows that Carol is alive. But otherwise all seems well. In response to this, there’s a bunch of corporate maneuvering: Shiawase is officially approved to take over the ACHE, leaving Renraku scrambling to hold onto various other contracts around town, as they see this as a threat. They delete Takuto Nakagawa’s digital persona backup as punishment, since he failed his assignment. Karen King ends up in charge of the local ARES branch, as ARES enacts a major force pullback to Detroit from all around the UCAS. She attempts to begin pragmatically securing maintenance contracts on all the gear the UCAS military may leave behind if Seattle does indeed break free. Horizon and the PPG both benefit from local contracts, and much is made of the safe and exciting “new Matrix” that DelaMar will be launching soon.

It seem that between ARES causing trouble and Free Seattle, plus with DeeCee, Boston, and Chicago all still under the construction, the UCAS is a bit on the ropes and unsure which crisis to focus on. The team also hears of various other factions moving into/out of/around Seattle to take advantage. Telestrian gets some good contracts, and tightens their ties, a bunch of GreenWar operatives start massing around town, and the Sea Dragon dumps a literal ton of gold on the deck of Chuck Beale’s boat after summoning him to a meeting in the Sound, which almost swamps his small craft, and offers her Matronage to the Free City, seemingly deciding it is a done deal. Various corps and nations also publicly signal their backing, and Gov. Potter quickly dispatches “unofficial” Ambassadors to these and other locales, looking to leverage the momentum, and the UCAS’ distraction.

The team also hears that a lot of vets and mercs, especially old-timers and pro’s, have been leaving town, which makes some sense with the referendum done, but also not a lot of sense with all sorts of new contracts likely available in the chaos. They do some digging and find that a Jackpointer named “Rifleman” has been quietly recruiting trusted mercs to come to his/Bravo Company’s training facility in NW Ohio. Tabasco reaches out, but Rifleman says that due to the team’s corporate ties he can’t use them at the moment. The team assumes this means that these mercs are planning something against ARES or in Detroit, as their staging area is fairly nearby, and just across the Michigan border. They do a little research, and find out that Bravo Company has long been an enemy of the Headhunters (the Tan Robes’ mercs), and have actually worked with some past teammates, so they decide to keep this all to themselves for now.

Tabasco, having had his mother’s remains cremated, heads to the Ft. Lewis Zoo with Creep and tries to scatter her ashes in the tiger cage, as this is the last happy place he remembers going with her. However, zoo staff quickly intercepts him, and convinces him to pay a large amount of money for a memorial plaque on a bench nearby instead. He still has about half the ashes which he holds onto for now, but he spots some zoo staff vacuuming up the ashes he already scattered, as they seem worried about tigers consuming it and developing a taste for burnt human (or maybe just cause of the chemicals). They rejoin the rest of the team, and decide they should probably rescue Maggie. Creature tells them xe will be laying low for the moment at Chew Gum’s safehouse to get some protection from magical tracking, since KE is on xyr trail.

As the team has no leads, and no hackers, Dig offers to stay behind on the next job and do a tracking ritual to locate Maggie (or his last known location). The Coven of the Crypt delivers some ritual samples collected from his safehouse. The team also decides to hire Tauren to do some matrix digging and try to figure out where Maggie was grabbed and by whom. When they tell him they suspect Black Lodge involvement, he raises his fees to cover a mage summoning a spirit to watch his back while he hacks. With that out of their hands for a while until those 2 get results, the team decides to finally tackle Shan and Shun’s job in the Underground, which will also give them a chance to return the library book.

They meet up with Shan and Shun at the Big Rhino, and agree on payment before they’ll provide many details. What they need the team to do is head into the Underground, travel a ways into the Depths, and use the provided mule drone with a thermal lance to cut through a specific section of wall. Inside they will find an item (which they will not provide more info on) that the team will need to grab and carefully place in a large padded case (also provided). They will then transport the case to a warehouse at the Tacoma docks and hand it over and get paid. They agree, and all decide they don’t really want or need to know what the item is anyway.

CG and Creep head into the Ork Undergroud from Puyallup with their gear and weapons, and get to a meeting spot with no trouble, having hired a Sprawl Scouts guide and tipped well. Carol and Tabasco head in from the Big Rhino and retrieve the drone, case, and a hand drawn map from a stallkeeper at the far edge of the Tourist Highway market. They link up with the other 2 at the very edge of where the matrix signal reaches, all disguised as Evo construction workers in case they need an alibi. With some impressive navigation from Carol, they follow the loosely accurate map into the Depths.

After a while of descending shafts and squeezing through narrow tunnels, they encounter some Rutra smugglers, but Carol and Tabasco greet them in Or’zet which seems to satisfy them, and then they recognize CG, though they are disappointed not to meet his weird “dog” (since Dig stayed behind). The Rutra warn the team about a vampire trap that they think might be a Fear the Dark cell, and Carol manages to navigate them around it, reaching their destination. They find a dry stone archway in the wall, which looks quite ancient, and the air from inside it is considerably warmer and more humid than the cold, fetid air they’ve been travelling through, though it remains pitch black.

They head inside, and find themselves in a cavern whose height they are unable to determine, but they see the spot they are supposed to cut through across it. They head over, and find an ancient carving, which they do their best to document for Dig to examine later. It depicts some humanoid figures worshiping some sort of serpent. There are also two statues on either side, although on further examination, they don’t seem to be statues at all- they look to be vampires who have been turned to stone! As soon as Creep makes this realization, they come under attack from above, with many tentacles lashing out to attack CG and his spirits.

One of his spirits is instantly disapparated, and CG feels a disturbing paralytic effect creeping into his core but manages to shake it off. The team returns fire and spreads out, with Tabasco lighting one of the tentacle creatures on fire, helping with the illumination. There seem to be 3 of them, and the get in a pretty gnarly fight, though the creatures don’t seem to understand how guns work at first, to their detriment. The team eventually disposes of all 3, which curl up on themselves and turn to stone, though CG and Creep manage to collect a small core sample of one. They were strange blobs with a a large multi-level rotating maw filled with teeth that look designed to crush rock. None of the team have any idea what they are, so they document the best they can, and start the drone cutting through the wall.

The drone uses up it’s full battery doing so, but succeeds just as it powers down, and a smoking oval of the wall drops out and shatters (the ancient carving destroyed), and even warmer, more humid air rushes out. The team finds themselves stepping into a thoroughly modern vault, seemingly intentionally kept humid, and well lit with what look like grow lights. There are heaps of wealth and treasure stacked and piled along the walls, and a heavy security door on the far side from where they cut their way in. But the object they came for is obviously the large, dark egg sitting atop a pedestal in the center of the chamber, which Tabasco licks and distressingly confirms, is a dragon egg.

The team, now in a bit of a panic, carefully puts the egg in the provided case, and Creep sprays C-Squared all over the vault to eliminate bio-signs as best he can. Tabasco blows up the drone with an explosive arrow, and starts as much else as he can on fire in the cavern with white phosphorous. They flee as fast as they can, with MAMA assisting Carol in retracing their steps. They mange to avoid complications, and check that the case blocks assensing- it seems lined with bio-fiber, so working reasonably well, though the signature inside is powerful. They head back to the surface in Downtown, and rent a boat, taking the Sound down to Tacoma and meeting Shan and Shun on their warehouse dock. The two changelings don’t appear to be in a panic about the nature of the item, and Carol fails to renegotiate.

However, they say that they heard the team was planning to leave town soon, and they will happily help them relocate if they are so concerned. The team thinks this might be a good plan. They head back to Puyallup but then think better of it, and dismantle CG’s magical lodge to leave less of a trace, and leave Creature guarding Dig while he keeps seeking Maggie. They call up Eletheria, and get approval to sleep out on Blake Island tonight under the Sea Dragon’s protection, and find some reasonably comfortable Quonset huts set up for them to use. Menehune are still exploring the sea caves and Merrow and some free spirits are setting up their little areas, so it seems like the island is coming well along.

Carol and CG quickly duck back into the Underground and head to the Watering Hole, following ThinkTank’s instructions, and make connection with Ned Reardon, a Lorekeeper from the Vault of Lore. He takes them to the VoL via some secret tunnels, and shows them TT’s memorial bench (troll-sized). He accepts the book, and says that Mr. Bookbinder has been in touch from the Astral Library at Alexandria to set up a linked depository at the VoL. They seem to have been flourishing under the Sea Dragon’s patronage and Ned says they’ve been helping with the search for a lost city. He offers them both one opportunity to research in the VoL in thanks for completing TT’s task, so they both do some digging into topics of personal interest, and then head back to Blake Island.

The next morning, they get a few important pieces of news.First off, Tauren confirms that a very pro team seems to have grabbed Maggie in transit to his safehouse from the Uni, and that they look like unmarked Centurion Security. Which lines up well with Dig’s info: Maggie’s last astral trace is at the entrance to Jonathan Blake’s driveway in Bellevue. So they have an idea of where he might be at least, but it is a hard target…. Second, Kalanyr and Urubia, the two Redmond dragons, apparently went on a little bit of a rampage last night, and have promised to compensate those injured/those who lost property. Carol, worried, tries to check the safehouse feeds and finds nothing. He scans back to the last thing the Hunter-Killer drone saw, and it looks suspiciously like the shadow of a dragon. So his jet ski likely also got fried.

Kit calls them and asks what happened to the safehouse, and after they hint that they don’t really want to know, take over rent on the Puyallup safehouse at Squick’s Vaults and publicly cuts ties with the team- they say that they’ve gotten too dangerous to what Kit is trying to do with the Shadow Chapters and that Kit can’t afford the distraction amidst some complex negotiations. Kit says it was a good run but it’s time they fully parted ways, and wishes them well. Luckily, Creature and Dig were in Puyallup, and the team all had their mission gear on them and the van with them, so no major losses, other than the safehouse itself- onto Finn’s Safehouse #5 it seems.

Third, and most shocking: Johnny Spinrad was assassinated! The killer took a seemingly impossible blind shot through a solid wall, hitting and killing Spinrad instantly. The team digs in a bit, and finds out that Spinrad was closing on an acquisition of a local high end cyber boutique- on brand for his company. This was why he was in town, and showing them the good times with Aradia.The assassin was killed trying to escape, but shapeshifted and KE/Spinrad security haven’t been able to get an ID yet (according to the available info). However, the team recognizes the shapeshift as one of the Tarot images that ThinkTank had sold to a group of assassins some time ago. The sniper wasn’t magical, so Carol thinks they must have had someone on the inside to align their shot and make sure Spinrad was in the right spot.

They call up Aradia, who says she’s on the run, headed out of town: apparently security kicked her off of Spinrad luxury island almost immediately after his death, and she is still worried about the Black Lodge coming after her, especially with both safehouses gone. She says Spinrad seemed unhappy with his home life and was a known philanderer, but she didn’t see him get up to anything unusual while she was around him. She wishes the team luck and goes dark. They call up Miranda King, and Carole reveals that he is still alive, which she seems pleased by. After sharing some info and feeling each other out, they find that Spinrad “let King go” with a sizeable severance package two days before his death, she thinks he suspected something was up but she doubts he thought it would be lethal- he likely just wanted someone on his side outside the official realm of the corp. She’s putting together a team to look into his death from her new base in Bellevue.

The team does a bit more research, and call in a favor with Remo to get some hacking help. Tauren has gone into hiding also, as he is worried the Black Lodge may be chasing him after his previous investigation for the team. Remo gets them info on all the attendees of the meeting at which Spinrad died, and also some other building info. Conferring with King again, they agree to share info in equally, and King also hints at big paydays for solving the mystery. As best they can tell, a Spinrad “construction” team set up the meeting room, but seems to have also weakened the wall that was shot through, and placed a magical item to weaken the present wards. The corp that Spinrad was trying to acquire is really into Feng Shui and harmonic design, so the meeting room was very specifically laid out, so Spinrad’s position would have been known to anyone who knew the layout. And the lawyer present for Spinrad was a longtime consigliere of his wife, Gabrielle al’Thani’s family, and had apparently brought along a special pen, a gift from al’Thani, for Spinrad to use in the signing. There was also a Telestrian strawberry wine present, which may have some connection to the Tarot/Hansu prophecies.

As she inherited the bulk of the shares (many of the rest going to Spinrad’s daughter from a previous marriage), al’Thani seems like the likeliest perpetrator, but the team has no proof, which King would need to make any kind of move. She says she will keep digging, and asks the team to share any further info they find- this definitely all feels like a setup. Spinrad was lured into a false sense of security by a warded room with no windows, and left all his security outside, so this is feeling like a very elaborate, pro, and long-in-the-making plot. The assassin also seems to have undergone significant brain programming/modification. They also hear that a kidnapping attempt against Spinrad’s daughter was narrowly foiled by undercover security at her Swiss Alps boarding school- someone had foreknowledge of his death and was after the heir!

To add to the chaos a bit more, it seems Spinrad was acting as an informal bank and launderer for the international Mob, and with his death his widow seems to have disavowed any knowledge of the scheme, so a lot of mobsters are suddenly scrambling to withdraw any funds they can from casinos and other fronts in a panic. This, on top of the bug infiltration of the N’Drangheta, ARES’ dwindling support as they turn their focus to Detroit, and the mob’s losses in the recent Syndicate War have left the Seattle mafia significantly weakened, and the other syndicates in town are definitely taking advantage.

Carol checks in with Vogel to see if Spinrad’s death will change their plans at all, and Vogel says that between that and Free Seattle passing, it has likely only accelerated the timeline, so Carol should get his team to Detroit asap. Vogel will put him in touch with an on-the-ground operator who can pass along messages, as it will be dangerous and difficult to communicate directly once inside ARES’ hometown. But Vogel says he has some important work for Carol to tackle, starting with some extractions of some essential personnel he wants to make sure survive what is to come…. Which is perfect since the team needs an exit plan from Seattle, pronto. The plan to check out the entropy circles this evening, try to figure out how to help Maggie, and then bail!

Rich Fucks and Overdue Books
9/5/2022, 11:39:55 AM
Runners
Carol
Creature
Tabasco
Creep
Chew Gum
Dig

The team rests up after the stressful last minute last mission, secure in the knowledge that at least Stuck isn’t trying to kill them. They all decide to sleep at CG and Dig’s safehouse in Puyallup, and Carol has to try pretty hard to pretend that it is a cool, normal spot (boiling ash wastes, reagent harvesters, scrappers and rotting plants for neighbors). However, they figure that CG’s magic lodge might offer some protection from any further Black Lodge surveillance, so seems like the safest option. Carol manages to rally Tabasco a little bit from his panic/depression/confusion. Tabasco heads out early in the morning, having called in a favor with Tommy Vermont and Jimmy Kincaid, who use old KE connections to help get his mom’s body released to him. With Emdachat’s help he has a small ceremony and says his goodbye’s. Then, to pay Kincaid back, he informs the team he’ll be busy for a day or so helping him with a job, and will report back later.

The rest of the team checks comms and gets some news: Aradia has taken shelter on Spinrad’s Lux Resort Island in Lake Tapps to hide from the BL, after getting worried about the tail that Nyssa Hallas spotted. Spinrad has also curtailed his public appearances and upped his security after that. Kit is off working on Shadow Chaps business, and is trying to subtly encourage other cities to oust Dawkins Group-corrupted leadership and add at least one Monad to every leadership group, as they seem slightly harder to effect with the reprogramming due to the multiple/blended personalities they carry. Disturbingly, Maggie Magnusson has gone missing- Creep checks in with the Coven of the Crypt and Elijah, and both confirm that he’s missed planned meetings and not shown up at his usual haunts. Does the BL have him? The team plans to investigate further.

On top of that, Creature is contacted by the Alley Cat Express dispatcher, Wizard, and warned that KE has an arrest warrant out for xyr- the mage that assensed xyr recognized xyr as a drake, and xe has a pretty unique appearance, so ACE has to “officially” cut ties, but wanted to pass along the warning. As the team heads out to the van to start looking for Magnusson, CG, familiar with the environs, spots a small surveillance drone watching them. He uses animal control to find a nearby raptor, which dive-bombs the drone. When it makes contact, the drone explodes, blowing off the birds foot and causing it to inelegantly crash into the nearby building. Dig heals it and gets it airborne again, though missing a foot. He debates making a concrete replacement limb, but decides it’s probably best not to. He also rides his new concrete homunculus around a bit, delighting Creature.

Fearing that the drone was also the BL, the team uses a bunch of Creep’s C-Squared to scrub down the safehouse, and Carol and CG purchase Hunter-Killer drones to patrol both this and the Redmond safehouse to watch for (and destroy) future surveillance drones. Worried about what this all means, though, they decide to hold off on looking for Magnusson in case he’s revealed anything to his captors, and instead do one of their Underground jobs. CG also leaves another message inviting Jaga along to the investigation of the Entropy Circles in 2 days time. Carol convinces the team to do the book return job first, since then they can make a single trip to the Underground to return the book and do Shan and Shun’s job down there, whatever that entails.

They do a little research, and find out that the man, Tigran, who checked the overdue book out from the Astral Great Library of Alexandria is a known collector of esoterica on Anderson Island, an almost entirely private enclave of the extremely rich and elderly. They also find some creepy rumors about him, and contact another Anderson Island denizen, Kaden Becksworth, who has beef with him. Becksworth explains that he wishes to hire a team to investigate Tigran due to some connections to some missing persons, and that they can combine efforts. He says he will tell his cook to prepare dinner for 5 guests so that the team has an excuse to visit, but that they shouldn’y bring anything visibly alarming to the island as it will alert his various neighbors’ suspicions.

Wanting to have some options for carrying the magical book back safely, CG buys a bio-fiber bag, abd Dig suggests a detour to the Fort Lewis zoo so that he can learn to shapeshift into a kangaroo. Creature is thrilled, and everyone else agrees a trip to the zoo sounds fun. They strap the Zodiac to the roof of the van and head over, all wearing civvies or light armor, and with weapons concealed or broken down in the van. The enter through the MP-secured checkpoints, and find the zoo most pleasant. Dig learns what he needs about kangaroos, and Carol spots someone watching the team. He sneaks off and observes as the team leaves, but the watcher spots him so he decides to approach for a casual/pro “I see you seeing me” type chat. Unfortunately, it becomes apparent that someone is remote-rigging the watcher as Carol start to talk, and the watcher explodes, sending Carol flying and shredding his armor.

As a number of civilians were also caught in the blast and a rare turtle exhibit was damaged, much chaos ensues. Carol ditches his shredded armor, and tries to steal a zoo sweatshirt from the gift shop, but is spotted by an alert teen at the till who shouts “thief!”. Luckily CG intercedes and has a spirit conceal Carol while he uses his cyber legs to leap over the fence near the exit and sneak back to the van. The only thing of note he got from the watcher before they exploded was that they had on a “Marry Me…” shirt, so they do some MAMA research with the face image, and find that she was one of the more vociferous hardcore fans who were decrying the team for shutting down the servers (at Alice’s lab) and who believed this was sabotage/some kind of false flag by a competing game.

They decide to continue the mission, though Carol feels a little vulnerable with no armor at all. Luckily he brought his diving gear, just in case. They Zodiac out to Becksworth’s dock, setting the van to loop around on GridGuide till they return. Becksworth greets them with drinks, and they eat a nice dinner in his 3 season porch while they discuss the mission. He explains that he has sent the staff home early and that he has sufficient ECM running that they can talk freely, and tells the team how he is rich enough to live here, but moral enough not to like the culture- he tries to enforce some kind of pro-social code on the island, and has found runners to be the best tool to do so, since the local KE branch is regarded as the ultimate chill reward for desk jockeys to ride out their careers at. He doesn’t condone murder, but will edge up to the line in order to achieve his goals.

He provides the team intel on how to gain access to Tigran’s property and get into the mansion itself, though he says that the esoterica wing has been inaccessible to him. He explains that Tigran had a guest from out of town recently, and hosted a small dinner party with some close friends, and that the disappearances started soon after- staff and off-islanders, but still. He says that the debauched locals have been known to hunt runners and other for sport, engage in snuff parties, and other such heinous activity, so he assumes something bad is happening. He wants the team to document what is up and get him proof, while retrieving the book. They agree, and head out. Dig flies over in bird form to surveil, and spots 2 huge dogs patrolling the grounds. He uses animal control to get them away from the team’s planned entry points, and get them distracted digging for something.

CG and Creep approach on foot, sneaking through the island’s tastefully dense woods which separate the properties. They climb a try and hop over the spiked fence, using CG’s spirit concealment to avoid detection. Carol, using scuba gear, and Creature, a natrually good swimmer as a sea drake, take the water route, and sneak up from Tigran’s dock, using the code Becksworth provided to access the ornate gate at the top of the stairs up from the water into the yard. Disturbingly, they spot clawed drag marks heading into the property, and Creature confirms they are metahuman, and seem to have been buffed out/painted over a bit, but not well enough to fully conceal on close examination. They also find some massive dog turds in the yard. Carol starts to shove some in his pocket to analyze later before CG rushes over to suggest they just poke through it with a stick to see what they find.

They find some metahuman bone fragments, as well as what looks like chewed up cyberware screws/mounting plates etc. This explains why the dog’s are still so distracted with their digging and appear to be fighting over some large bones, perhaps. The team enters the mansion through the conservatory window that they were told was loose, and easily avoid the maintenance drone that is watering plants inside. Sneaking across the grand foyer, Creep spots that this whole place seems to be reassembled from disparate components of multiple other fancy structures- the owner’s rep as a collector is apparently accurate. Spotting a warded area, they assume this will be the collection they seek. Dig offers to sneak the team through, but isn’t super good at it, so CG stays outside to stand guard with his spirits.

The rest of the team enters a large, fancy library and collection room, and Dig uses his catalog spell to seek the Book of 9 Gates. He finds where it is supposed to be, but it and 5 other magical tomes are absent. Carol hears some faint chanting from below, and focusing in, identifies 6 chanting voices and also Tigran, seemingly chatting to a sacrificial victim about how it’s a shame they have to die, but immortality has a price! Creep, wanting more intel, looks around for a vent leading down, and finds one cleverly concealed in the fireplace. He sneaks down it and sees a real horror show: 7 cloaked figures consuming a sacrificial victim while a pile of bodies rots in the corner, and it quickly becomes a horrific orgy. He reverses the direction of the vent fan and heads back up.

Dig uses his new concrete spell to cover over the secret door to the basement that his catalog spell also found, and Creep starts a massive fire in the fireplace. With the vent fan reversed, this quickly floods the basement with smoke, and they team hears some panicked voices and coughing from below, as well as some rattling and banging from behind Dig’s concrete barrier. Carol notices 3 voices begging someone(s) else not to leave them, but the team is still surprised when 4 vampires snap out of mist form in the room with them. The vamps also seems surprised to find the team there, and a fight breaks out. Carol panic launches a lube grenade, splattering essentially the whole room, and Creature manages to catch 3 robed vamps in a web as well. The one remaining vamp levitates to get clear of the lube, and launches himself at Carol, pulling two memory blades to attack. Carol frantically dodges as he, Creep, and Creature all return fire.

The other 3 vamps all return to mist form and start to float away out the door to the foyer, where CG awaits them, and uses his Fear and Deathly Aura powers to send them fleeing further into the mansion. Dig begins to chase them with his huge wad of magical concrete, aiming to trap one. The flying vamp is eventually felled by a grenade from Creature, though this also destroys much of the room and injures the team in the confined space. Creep, noticing that the vamp seems to be regenerating, grabs one of his swords, and is badly shocked by a defensive system, before using it to decapitate the vamp, ending the regen. Carol puts on his respirator and rushes into the basement to grab the book. Weirdly, it is much less horrific than what Creep saw- some kind of illusion perhaps? There is only the one sacrificial victim, and they show evidence of 4 vamp bites but no cannibalism. The other 3 robed chanters all seem to have suffocated. Carol debates taking multiple books, but based on their size and weight decides to just grab the one.

Upstairs, CG kills one of the mist form vamps in astral combat, while Creature fries another in drake form with an elemental blast. Dig tries to capture the 3rd in concrete, but the vamp, seemingly misunderstanding his powers, frantically tries to shift back to human form and is bisected by the closing trap. Having killed everyone in the house, the team decides to leave. They control the dogs again, who merrily chase each other around, fighting over a human spine they dug up, and head for the exit. Creature, in drake form, swims back to Becksworth’s incredibly fast and grabs the Zodiac to pick everyone up, as they all hear some sirens approaching in response to the gunfire and explosions. Becksowrth asks what happened and Creature sends a video file, after which Becksworth will no longer make eye contact and seems disgusted.

They pilot the boat back towards Seattle proper, but spot some drones approaching from ahead and behind. Luckily CG’s powerful spirit is still concealing them, but the boat is fully visible. Dig turns into a bird and ditches them, and Creature decide to swim off on xyr on also. Carol frantically tries to get back into his diving gear but tips it all overboard and almost falls off himself. The remaining 3 decide to swim for it in a group with spirit assistance (plus silence and concealment), and they all manage to make their way to Ketron Island, where they eventually sneak aboard the ferry back to the mainland and get back to the van. A success (of sorts)! Now to return the book…

They also link back up with Tabasco, who reports that he provided some overwatch (along with other runners) for a meeting Kincaid brokered to end the syndicate wars. It seems that Urubia and the Triad were kind of behind the whole thing, using the chaos to bolster their own power, and in Urubia’s case build up a whole new multi-gang syndicate in Redmond and begin buying her way into Puyallup. Nobody seems fully happy with the outcome otherwise, but the killing had gotten out of control and was effecting bottom lines, so a tentative peace seems best for all parties, especially as everyone figures out the changing situation re: Free Seattle, with the Referendum outcome announcement coming tomorrow!!

Referendum Preview and Sniper Duel
8/29/2022, 10:33:25 PM
Runners
Carol
Creature
Tabasco
Creep
Chew Gum
Dig

With Creep’s fresh memory of the Black Lodge mental cryptographic key, they head straight to the UW campus and meet up with Carol, Elijah and Maggie to begin cracking the journal. Tabasco takes up surveillance on the roof while Carol and Creep help decipher. The rest head back to Chew Gum’s safehouse to meet up with Jaga The Walking Witch, and Chew Gum brings her a UW colored bouquet from the botany department. Dig and Jaga verbally spar a bit as per usual, and Jaga and Creature talk some life philosophy. Dig heads to bed, but then wakes back up to get Jaga to teach him a spell. CG shows Jaga his small arboretum, and she gives some tips for more vibrant life, while allowing for the decay that he needs for his practice.

They all sleep, and compare dreams in the morning- even Creature gets some overflow at this point, and they worry what the sunken city, the avalanche, and the eclipse might portend. They warn the team that something bad may be coming, and then Dig begins crafting a concrete homunculus with their assistance. They notice that there seems to be a huge area detection spell passively scanning Seattle, which they fear is the Black Lodge. They also warn the team about this, but not before it may have effected Tabasco up on the roof- the rest likely are safe inside various magical wards. Iva Linus Hathaway comes and visits Tabasco with some coffee and they discuss experimental arrow design for a while.

Meanwhile, the journal team has made some impressive progress with Creep’s implants and stolen knowledge, Carol’s experience on the metaplanes and Seelie Court, and the overall expertise of Elijah and Maggie. They uncover hints of Black Lodge infiltration of the IOND after the “debacle” in DeeCee. They find out the Keymasters relocated from DC to St Louis, and that the BL has a significant footprint in the ARCHology there, and may be importing metaplanar materials for construction. They find hints of some sort of opposing group of human supremacists called the “Theran Society” who want the Horrors to return to cleanse the world of magic and metahumanity. They get some hints at some other projects and recruitments in progress also.

The team warn Maggie and Elijah about the likely danger, and Maggie seems spooked though Elijah is cavalier as usual. They quickly sell the info to Eletheria, having heard that the Sea Dragon is highly involved in the “Free St Louis” movement and the ARCHology there. Hoping that this will get them clear for the moment, they decide to rest up a bit and see what happens. Before long, they get a call from Margaret Telestrian asking them to break into Chuck Beale’s office and get a little preview of the Free Seattle results before she commits her vote (she claims to be the last holdout to not tell Beale her final stance).

She provides a lot of building schematics and info, as well guard and security info, and offers a bonus if the team does the job immediately, otherwise it needs to get done by the next day. They accept, and Creep slams some drugs to stay with it after the all-nighter. They grab a few more B&E tools, and Dig begins a massive lightning bolt ritual with Tabasco as his spotter. Tabasco heads Downtown and finds a good perch with a view of the government building rooftop and Beale’s office.

Creep gets smuggled onto Council Island again and sneaks to John Abernathy’s chopper, clinging to the bottom with gecko gloves and magnet hand. Creature follows up with ACE, and the dispatcher Wizard and one of the runners Gentry, who xe met at OtherCon, hook xyr up with a courier run to deliver snacks and stims to the KE HTR team on duty at the building. Recognizing that the included Psyche is surely for the building security mage, Creature carefully poisons it without a non-lethal seizure-inducing toxin, to add some distraction. CG uses one of his spirit’s animal control powers to get a couple angry hornets into the snack package as well.

Carol and CG circle the area on GrdiGuide in the van in case backup is needed. Creature parkours the package right up the doors, and gets sent back to the guard room, but told to come straight back out. Xe delivers the package, but the excited KE guards get the included hornets extra riled up in the process. They quickly deal with the distraction, but Creature manages to copy one of their access keycards in the chaos. One of the guards has a PTSD flashback to Chicago and accuses Creature of being a bug, and won’t lower her weapon til the mage confirms that Creature is not a bug. Creature sees that the Psyche is delivered to the mage though- good deal.

Creature exfils, and Creep manages to sneak past the warded door upstairs when it is dropped to let Abernathy and his party in. Beale greets them and brings them down to the big meeting room on the 11th floor. Creep uses the keycard that Creature got to get through the security door onto the 12th floor, and heads towards Beale’s office, avoiding cameras. He just manages to crack the lock and hurriedly leaps over a pressure plate inside the door onto the heavy desk, as the mage has a seizure and triggers a medical response, with a few KE guards rushing onto the floor with a crash kit.

Creep pokes around a bit, having avoided detection, as Creature rejoins the van crew. Creep finds a desk safe, and uses the handprint Kit stole from Beale at the intro gala to bypass the first security level, but biffs it on his first attempt at bypassing the lock. He uses the handprint again to verify his ID and manages to crack the lock on the second try, quickly snapping pics of all the docs in the file folder labelled “Free Seattle”- Beale is old school and uses paper records. He just has time to finish, close the safe, and dive under the desk, as Beale comes up, greeting the KE guards on the way (who seem to have stabilized the mage).

As Beale enters the door, a sniper round takes out a chunk of his selection of nice liquors halfway across the room, and he drops to the floor in panic, luckily not seeing Creep also hiding there. Tabasco gets another anonymous text saying “4 o’clock, 13th floor”, and turns to spot a well-concealed sniper under a tarp on a window washing platform. He sees the sniper fire a round but can’t figure out what it hit- Creep reports no more impacts in the office. Dig uses this opportunity to let off his lightning bolt, and completely destroys the sniper and the platform, sending the remains of both plummeting to the ground far below.

The KE guards quickly usher Beale out of there while covering him, and Creep uses this chance to quickly swing out the shot-out office window, and gecko glove around the corner. Unfortunately, he’s slipping a bit in the rain. CG gets one of his spirits to offer some support, and Carol rapidly launches the VTOL from the van, using all it’s stealth mods to scoop up Creep without triggering the building’s rooftop turrets. The team scatters quickly, though Tabasco stops to see if he can get any info from the fallen platform/sniper, but no such luck. They contact Telestrian with the info, and get paid, and and also sell it all to Annie, as per their agreement.

Tabasco calls Tommy Vermont and asks him to look into the whole sniper thing, and Vermont uses some old KE contacts to get some info. Officially, nothing happened- a rogue lightning bolt killed an unfortunate building maintenance employee. Unofficially, there was a high-powered sniper duel over Downtown today- both snipers were killed, one shot, one by lightning. The one killed by lightning was a merc/assassin named Horza, and the other was an ex-ARES employee named Susan Hayes who’d been on the run since killing her husband (also an ARES employee) during an extraction attempt by another corp. Tabasco is devastated, as he clearly recognizes that this was his mom, though he manages to play it cool with Vermont.

He reports into the team about what he’s determined, and says he’s headed back to his safehouse alone to take some time with it, and that they should do the next run without him. The team tries to talk him out of it, but he says he needs to think a bit. In other assassin news, an Egyptian Old God cultist tried to poison Layli Red Feather, but failed in his attempt, and was later hunted down and killed by Sioux Wildcats trying to leave Seattle, causing a minor diplomatic incident as they Wildcats aren’t supposed to operate outside Council Island. However, it mostly serves to make KE and the UCAS JTF look further incompetent as they didn’t catch the assassin themselves.

The team also hears that Tauren got a team to dig further into Romeo and reveal that he had done some sketchy false flag attacks using human supremacists in the leadup to Prop 23, confirming Tauren’s suspicions. He helped to get Prop 23 passed, but his methods were too fucked. Word of this spreads around, further burning Romeo and blunting the shit he’s been talking on the team. The Mythfits also managed to gain some intel on the Sons of Snohomish and their affiliated clinics in Snohomish, and uncovered disturbing experiments on giants to uncover the source of the “reversion trigger” and try to make it deployable.

Digging into the Black Lodge
8/22/2022, 5:14:59 PM
Runners
Creature
Tabasco
Creep
Chew Gum
Dig

Carol continues to lay low for a bit, preparing to decamp for Detroit once Vogel is ready. On that front, there’s been some news: ARES has begun some major matrix upgrades in Detroit, which Vogel says are likely a cover to justify “outages” during Operation: Latvian Gambit. There are also a lot of kill contracts being offered for ARES mi-level execs and scientists, which Vogel says is Otto Hendricks covering his tracks from Bottleneck/Pyro/Apex ahead of Latvian Gambit’s kickoff. Don Michaels also tells Tabasco he’s headed to Detroit along with a lot of other Cutters, to start doing some “street cleaning” on ARES’ behalf. Tabasco tries to warn him about bugs without warning him about bugs, and hopes they don’t end up on opposite sides of a future fight. He asks him for any last minute gear that the Cutters need to leave, but it seems like they’re loading up all their equipment for the mission.

Tabasco is happy to report that he got revenge for the Cutters who went missing up in Snohomish. He doesn’t bother to tell Michaels that the revenge was secondhand and accidental, and Michaels seems to appreciate the closure before he leaves town for an uncertain amount of time. The team also hears from Aradia, who has a disturbing report: someone has fully cleared out the Sisterhood of Ariadne clubhouse and scrubbed it. She warns that if the Black Lodge is looking into what happened it could go badly for the team. She also reports that she has made some good advance prep for Jonny Spinrad to party while he’s in town, and that Jonny has apparently been having “some trouble at home with the missus” and is looking to cut loose- which Aradia is all in favor of. The team notices that she seems to have taken a bit of a harder turn again after opening up a bit to community with the Sisterhood.

Aradia also wants to examine the blade fragment, and uses Pyschometry for a few hours to take a look. She learns a lot about the blade’s forging, use, and breaking, and confirms/further fills out the team’s existing info. She also reports that the blade fragment is made of valuable materials if they were to melt it down and separate/refine them, but it might be dangerous to hold onto. The main crew decides that at this point Chew Gum and Dig need to either be in or out, so they offer them the team norms and permanent places on the crew. Both accept, and the crew heads back to Finn’s Safehouse to celebrate. Tabasco, noticing that the team name suggestion box is full, suggests they vote on a name, and they do so, settling on “Hired Power”, which Carol approves remotely.

Chew Gum heads back to his safehouse in Puyallup the next morning and is bummed to see that Jaga stopped by while they were out, and left a note on a leaf. He and Dig call the Watering Hole again to leave her another message to make a specific plan to meet up. The crew decide to try a ritual- they now both want to track local Black Lodge activity, and decipher the code book they retrieved. They head to Blake Island to seek a safe place for the ritual, and decide to cast it on Creep. given his sneakiness and good mental abilities. Creep calls on Shiawase Daigou’s good will and gets connected with the Delta clinic again, where he gets an attention co-processor to help deal with the overwhelming amount of magical info he’s about to receive.

Aradia helps with the ritual, seemingly having developed a grudge against the BL. She also reports on night one of partying with Spinrad (fun and wild), and Tabasco tries to help out a friend, Nyssa Hallas, by recommending that Aradia take Spinrad to Club Penumbra at some point. The team also spots some more Menehune Dwarves seemingly exploring the sea caves on Blake Island, confirming the CG and Dig that the Menehune Underground are also likely working for the Sea Dragon, as rumored. The ritual goes well, and Creep finds himself with a massively expanded mental perception of a very specific thought in the minds of others: the strange language from the BL code book.

They split Seattle into 6 grid sections, and Tabasco and Creature protect Creep in the van while cruising around, seeking hits on the thoughts the ritual aimed to identify. The rest stay on the island to maintain the ritual. They get 3 hits throughout the city, and start with the friendliest one: the alchemist Squeamish. He trades some info with them, and confirms his limited knowledge of the BL script: he explains that it uses magical cryptography, essentially a ritual done on all participants to be able to read each others’ code. He says they should be able to crack it if they can scan it out of anyone else’s mind who was looped in. He also explains a bit about the Rogue Lodge, and the local power broker Jonathan Blake, who seems to be the mysterious “JB” hinted at on Aunt Clara’s comms. Blake apparently had his owns son killed after he leaked some BL into to the runner Axis Mundi, who is also now missing.

He also gives them some news updates: the Aztlan-er fixer Izidor Kurtlanik was gunned down, along with his bodyguard Achilles Serifim, in an attack by the Iron Templars, in which one of them was killed. The survivor then tried to hit Dewei Tao as well, but was foiled as he had apparently gotten spooked and hired 2 very pro bodyguards: Danger Sensei and Shieldmaiden, who easily felled the already wounded assassin. Carl Derrick was poisoned in his hotel room (one of mine, chuckles Squeamish), leading to a minor PR kerfluffle when his wife said that she hoped that “that awful sinful city WOULD leave”, contrary to the official UCAS position that Derrick was meant to represent. Two Chimera assassins also got into a massive firefight downtown with the Red Samurai guards of Takuto Nakagawa, and essentially everyone was killed when one of the Chimeras detonated some kind of backpack bomb rather than be captured. Based on the CBRN cleanup crews, it seems this could have been a mini-nuke or chemical weapon of some sort. Renraku announces that they luckily have a digital persona backup of important high level execes, so Nakagawa will be able to complete his duty to the corp and the Referendum.

The team does some research and decides that Blake is too hard of a target: Mayor of Bellevue, head of Centurion Security, and former spymaster for Dunkelzahn before falling out with Nadja Daviar: too hot. So they decide to go after the third ping, which came from Council Island. Tabasco gets a bunch of stun arrows and captures 11 sea birds with Creature helping keep them calm and sedated til ready, Dig assumes the same bird form, and CG uses animal control through a spirit to make the flock follow Dig on a recon flight over Council Island. Dig uses a smaller version of the same spell again, and sees an Eastern Euro man on a comm call under a tree. He heads back after getting spotted by magical security on the island, and spends the night making an impressively accurate sculpture of the man’s face.

Creep, worried about Takashi getting too powerful (he seems to be benefiting greatly from the direction that Shiawase is taking the Spirit of the City in) pays him a visit and they do some meditation and conversation on the meaning of leadership etc. Takashi explains that mutation is purely consensual now, and a more arduous process than before without Nightmare’s Chemosh artifact around. But he says this is all for the good. He seems as before to be living by his own personal code. Creep leaves still concerned but feeling maybe a little better. Tabasco leaves a message for Jimmy Kincaid, and is surprised when he calls back. Kincaid is a classic drunkard PI, and fills Tabasco in on some of what’s been going on with him/Puyallup. He also accepts Tabasco’s offer of assistance, and asks him to pass along a message to Margaret Telestrian.

Tabasco does so, warning Telestrian to tell High Prince Evan Harris to stay away from Seattle., in exchange for not releasing info that could damage Telestrian/Tir Tairngire’s standing post-Referendum. Tabasco makes clear he doesn’t know what’s happening and is just delivering the message, and Telestrian seems to enjoy his bluntness and lack of guile. She tells him if he hears of a sword fragment with Sperethiel script he should tell her. He calls back almost immediately and reports that he has it and offers it for sale, the team having gotten what they can from it and worried about keeping it longterm. She pays up, and also offers to get the team day passes to Council Island after Tabasco asks. She also ID’s the sculpted bust of their surveillance target as Tibur Dobos, some kind of political operative from DeeCee. The team does some research and it seems like he has been thoroughly scrubbed from the matrix. Based on some old info on Jackpoint, it looks like he is Black Lodge, and has an ongoing interest in the ACHE.

They decide to get smuggled over instead, and hire Sounder for the job. Dig stays behind to provide spell assistance from a distance. They infiltrate south on the island along the same path as the last time they were here, not having gotten spotted or tripped any defenses then, and find the setup is only slightly upgraded since. They reach the edge of the woods, and Tabasco and CG hang back to provide long distance cover and escape assistance, while Creep and Creature follow their guidance over the TacNet to sneak up to the edge of Embassytown and find the man they seek. They find him finishing a meeting with John Abernathy, and Creep manages to do a brush pass and inject him with narcoject. Creep quickly slams one of Clara’s potions and mind probes Dobos while he is out.

He gets some info but is almost instantly forced to retreat when Dobos jerks back to consciousness (likely an auto-injector) and summons aid. Creep sets off some smoke grenades on a different path to cover his and Creature’s retreat, and they reach the treeline and get back to the rendezvous with the subs without issue. He was able to get the cryptographic key they needed but not much else, but that was the most important thing, so mission accomplished! And his attention co=processor should allow him to work on transcribing the code book, so that’s all good news. Next up, back to the University to start translating!

The team also gets the news that the Call of the Void cult killed another astronomer who was worried about the asteroids they’re pulling onto a collision course, which spurred Arleesh and Dyna Mite to action. They hired Kukulkan’s crew, who made the necessary phone calls and arrangements and got Buttercup, Lady Xoc and the other necessary parties involved. They ask the team to get them a meeting with the Sea Dragon to offer their assistance in dealing with the ones that are prophecied to hit the oceans. The team agrees, and the K’s Crew offers to share info on lesser Horrors and other existential threats anytime. So that’s Prophecy 10 resolved and the planet saved! Hopefully…..

Portals and Mysteries
8/15/2022, 11:26:56 AM
Runners
Carol Turpentine
Creature
Tabasco
Creep
Chew Gum
Dig

Dig and Creature do some bonding by riding each other in various shapeshifted forms, non-sexually. Their animalistic natures seem to fit well together. The team gets some updates from previous members: Kit has managed to link up with some local Brokerage X operatives (Gina and 3 Card, the brains and muscle, respectively, though both have a lot of financial knowledge) and set up insurance for the Shadow Chaps locally. Teams will opt in or out as a group, and will trade paydata/early tips etc to BX in exchange for BX covering a certain amount of medical per runner per run. Aradia reports in that she is keeping busy doing party prep for Spinrad’s arrival- rumor say he has a big business deal or acquisition on the table and needs everything to go real well, but also wants to party outlandishly.

More disturbingly, Aradia says that noone at the Sisterhood of Ariadne has been answering her calls today, as she was supposed to go by later for another ritual lesson but is too busy with party planning. She asks the team to check in on them. Chew Gum also chats with Dig about strange dreams, as he has also started to have them, and they seem to overlap with Dig’s odd dreams a bit more than would seem usual. Creep and Creature take the van out to meet up with Dig and CG, not wanting to share their safehouse location just yet, though Dig seemingly unaware of the implications tells them all that he could easily find them if he tried. After some tension he agrees not to, for now, but Creature promises to let him try once they approve him for full membership.

They all load into van and travel (mostly via GridGuide) up to Snohomish. They notice that Kit has left the drones and RCC in the van for team use, but has removed the Carboxing arm and rigger interface, presumably to set up a new rig for themself. Reaching the SOA clubhouse, they do some external investigation, as something seems to be off and some unusual magical signatures are detectable from outside. They find no life signs inside, but a warded area appears to be the intact (likely their ritual chamber). There are a suspicious number of cars present, including a slightly concealed dirt bike out back. Both the front and back doors appear to have been breached while locked. After using his rotten possum’s Deathly Aura to try to spook out any stragglers, they carefully enter, searching for traps. The only one they initially find is an explosive under the dirtbike’s seat.

From the investigation inside, they determine a few things: one lone attacker entered through the back, and seems to have been a very fast and efficient killer, using a mix of quiet weaponry. A separate team entered through the front and appears to have been more methodical and used some kind of harpoon guns (some Witches are still pinned to walls and furniture, and appear to have been executed if not killed by the initial shot). The lone killer and the group seem to have intersected at the ritual chamber, where the surviving Witches made their last stand- unfortunately the Witches were all killed, and the team accounts for them all, except the top half of one which was cut off completely smoothly and seemingly somehow sealed or cauterized without burning. Her top half is also missing, as are all the assailants. There is also a sizzling cut through the otherwise intact ward around the ritual circle- the team is confused as the ward should either have failed or healed.

However, they also find the top half of a sword inscribed with a strange script, some burnt toxic reagents, and a satchel with an expended device that looks sort of like an explosive but doesn’t seem to have blown up. Creep speculates that some sort of portal or magical effect is likely responsible. Looking around a bit more, Dig uncovers a secret door in the floor, and after disabling some traps, the team heads down the revealed chute and enters a small tunnel. Chew Gum finds an ornate key around Aunt Clara’s neck, and Creature uses it to unlock the door at the end of the tunnel, but is badly electrocuted. Creep manages to knock xyr free, and they tumble into a small office. Searching it, they find a lot more tech than anywhere else in the clubhouse, including a high end commlink, an offline terminal with a digital whiteboard, a journal, some hermetic reagents, 6 alchemical potions, and one Tarot Card.

Creep opens the journal, which bursts into flame. He manages to put it out but is badly burned. Dig drinks one of the potions and feels like he gained some kind of heightened sense but can’t figure out what. They check everything else carefully for traps and then haul it all out of the basement and to the van, with CG concealing them as they exit. CG also has a spirit make a silence sphere, and then snipes the bike out back to set off the explosive trap so that noone will unexpectedly trigger it later- a real civic-minded guy. Recognizing that the journal is in some kind of code, that they aren’t hackers, and that none of them know whatever language is on the blade, they decide to seek help. Dig feels his extra sense going away and manages to focus and figure out it was an astral clairvoyance potion.

First off they head down to Lady Zelda’s Lore Galore store in Puyallup, as usual she talks their ears off but does provide some useful info- as Creep had speculated, the code in the journal looks somewhat similar to the text in the Voynich Manuscript, and Zelda concurs, suggesting it is likely an internal cipher used by the Black Lodge. She warns them about the dangers of messing with this group, and also ID’s the rest of the potions- all detection and mind effecting stuff, so Dig holds onto them. Creep and Creature remember there’s a Vault of Ages in the van so they chuck the potions in to preserve them.

Next they head to Severinus de Cloet’s cart, as she has hinted to Elven royalty ties in her past, to better ID the sword fragment, which Zelda said was Sperethial. Severinus seems a little spooked and drops it after examining, and says this was a blade supposedly crafted by experts in magical weaponry on the Seelie Court for a legendary assassin who later went rogue: Teachdaire, aka The Messenger. Supposedly the blade is able to dispel magic and is exceptional as piercing magical armor. This possibly explains the strange unhealing slice they found in the warded ritual circle at the Sisterhood’s clubhouse. Severinus warns them further about The Messenger, but seems relieved that he may have gotten shoved off into some metaplane- she says that he has killed multiple members of elven and Seelie courts, so hopefully someone will take a chance to get revenge….

They next contact Tauren and request some hacking help, but warn him there are probably some traps. He agrees and says he’ll work fast, but will bring in a couple others to help. They all rest for the night, and CG and Dig have another weirdly similar dream. Creep and Creature both get Kit to patch up their armor from the run. The next day it looks like Tauren pulled an all-nighter, and he requests some extra pay for medical expenses- they lost a few files, but recovered most of the data, but it was VERY well-protected. He says that it looks like Clara was the lone user, and appears to have been reporting to a handler ID’ed as “JB” on a number of different areas. One was the use of the Sisterhood to foretell various events, possibilities, etc, and the potential for recruiting various members someday. Another was new connections with some useful shadowrunners. The 3rd was a pressing investigation into a newly acquired photograph of the previously unknown plane of Dis.

There is a lot of back and forth with JB about what this could mean, and it seems like the primary consensus is that this could give them a serious leg up against their opposition in this area. After some digging, the team is able to ID this opposition as the APEP Consortium, newly acquired by MCT, who locally operate out of a magic research facility atop Cougar Mountain in Renton. Clara’s last report is that she is planning to use her Sisterhood to do a large ritual to try to gain more info about Dis, and JB warning her to be careful, as their adversaries are very jealous of their current advantages in this area. JB and Clara never directly confirm that they are Black Lodge, but the sense of superiority and unspoken human supremacy that comes through says enough. The team realizes that they didn’t find the Dis pic anywhere at the clubhouse. Creature also recalls that xe has seen harpoon guns before: the Rift Jumpers who attack the team when they were leaving the OZ hyperplane to go to the Library of Alexandria. So are the Rift Jumpers connected to APEP? Who are they?

They next contact Elijah to get help cracking the code in the journal. They head to his temporary basement office at UW Downtown, and find him with a few full-limb casts on, which he explains away as “Antarctica being interesting this time of year.” They get down to business, and he has a mini-me version of himself (some sort of Homunculus) close the door and fetch coffee. He seems very smart and just mildly condescending if he ever feels like they’re wasting his time. The team trades him a bunch of Dis info in exchange for help with the strange device and the journal. He examines the device and explains that it looks like someone has re-jiggered one of ARES’ “Project: Bottleneck” portal closers to reverse the polarity and use it to open portals instead. He says he thinks they would be imperfect, inaccurate, and very temporary. The tech doesn’t look totally finished, but nonetheless- very interesting! In combo with the burnt toxic reagents they found, he explains that you might be able to control portal size/shape etc a bit.

For the book, he calls in a colleague: Prof. Maggie Magnusson (with the team’s approval). Maggie and Creep chat a bit, having met at the Crypt, and then Creep, Creature, and CG are dismissed as they aren’t really much good at helping with the book and it’s a small office. Dig stays to assist. They don’t make much progress on the book, and Elijah suggests reaching out to some AI contacts of Maggie’s to speed it up, but the team rejects that idea for now. Dig asks for help learning some mind reading spells, which Elijah agrees to, in order to try to find the magical cryptographic key that might crack the journal quicker. The rest of the team decides to look into the Tarot card. Following some clues, they end up at the Numismatic Museum of Seattle, Downtown, and buy tickets.

They find the coin hinted at on the card, and “near” it find a huge glass jar with some trace magic, filled with tens of thousands of rare-ish dimes. The curator claims that is a world record collection of dimes, and seems to be a coin pervert. The team tries to figure out how to heist it, while Creep sneaks into the basement to try to find out who the unlisted donor of this item is. With some miraculous searching, Creep finds out that it was Dunkelzahn himself. They head out for now, planning to possibly return later to steal the thing but not quite sure how to proceed, as they guess it would weigh close to a ton. For now, they link back up with Dig and discuss next steps- it seems they’re waiting on the translation of the book, so CG and Dig reach out to Jaga, the Walking Witch, to suggest a sleepover, to bring the 3 Tzuri Group traditions together and see if their various dreams continue to align, and what that might mean….

The team also gets some new from around town: Romeo has been talking shit about them since they burned him with ARES, probably permanently, and he will not be working with them again. Annie has been doing some quiet damage control though, and she hopes this doesn’t harm the team’s rep too badly. Rahel Juric of Omnistar released the bunraku parlor info about Carl Derrick (UCAS rep), and also the info about Reed/ARES trying to cover it up to blackmail Derrick. This gets the public pissed at both ARES and the UCAS government (for being so in the pockets of the corps), playing into Omnistar’s hands nicely. Reed tries to do a damage control press conference, but is killed by a sniper. ARES tries to blame the whole thing on her and sweep it under the rug, announcing that their longtime political head for Seattle, Karen King, will be taking over their place on the Referendum.

The missing CAS rep has been located- the Blank Verses team managed to find a ship with his corpse aboard a ship docked at the local Proteus aquacology. It looks like the Null assassin Hitsec Burn corrupted or unleashed an AI aboard the vessel, which killed and experimented upon the passengers. The BV didn’t head further into the Proteus facility, as it was outside their job parameters, especially as they already had multiple casualties from the run. The BV spread the word about a mad AI on the loose on the ship, nd possibly in the facility, and a minor panic starts- likely what Hitsec was after primarily- bad press for AI’s.

Gregory Bear-Killer also went after his target: the Horizon rep Thomas Muir. Muir’s bodyguard, Sutun the Pillar of Ankara, managed to hold back a toxic wolf but was killed by acid while wrestling it. Muir himself had a surprise adept awakening and manged to fight off and subdue Bear-Killer, who was arrested and is now detained on McNeil Prison island. Horizon plays up Muir’s “good guy with magic” heroism, which is very popular with the masses, especially given his “awe shucks” vibe at the press conference he insists on concluding after the attack.

Rituals, Assassins, and Doll Parlours
8/8/2022, 3:18:22 PM
Runners
Carol Turpentine
Creature
Tabasco
Creep

Goodbye to:
Kitten Caboodle aka Kit
and Aradia

and Introducing:
Chew Gum
and Dig

While the team is busy hiring out tons of runners, a couple new ritualists roll into town. Chew Gum, a Necro Mage affiliated with the Tzuri Group’s Black Magic school, and Dig, a Beast Mage affiliated with Tzuri Group’s Red Magic school, have both found themselves in Seattle after ending or finishing their formal instruction. Dig has been having some prophetic dreams (a blood eclipse, an avalanche, and some underground cities) that have brought him here, while Chew Gum is seeking money, connections, artifacts and power, and heard Seattle was a good spot for all of it.

They link up, and get to know each other a bit. Both are very strange. Dig seems to be a homeless shapeshifter with some rock-skin SURGE qualities, while Chew Gum is a pot-bellied Ogre accompanied by some Necro spirits housed in a mass of rotten plant matter worn as a bandolier and a rotting possum. They get along just fine. Following up on some Tzuri Group leads, they decide to investigate some happenings in the Underground.

They bribe some Skraacha to watch CG’s bike (with sidecar for Possum and DIg, who is in dog form), and head down into the Umbra district from a Night of Rage memorial in a public park, which contains a secret entrance. They send some of their spirits off to search for signs of Green Magic, as they heard a fellow former student went rogue and may be down here. They eventually come across some Rooters members, who CG makes a good impression on, after convincing them that “his dog” isn’t laughing at them. Dig uses a mindlink spell to stay in communication with CG while in animal form.

The Rooters give them a bit of the lay of the land of politics and power struggles in the underground, and tell them the Green Mage they seek is a weirdo healer named Jaga, The Walking Witch. They follow the Rooters directions to bypass the main tourist/developed area, and cut around to the Ork Underground to the north. They pass through some construction zones that look to be SK and EVO sub-arcologies in the process of being built. Reaching the Ork Underground, they encounter Big V’s Monument, and eventually find their way to the Watering Hole, where CG once again overcomes his and Dig’s bizarre appearance by virtue of speaking Or’Zet (and being able to down Hurlg and Big D Hot Sauce with no trouble).

The barkeep uses an alchemical token to summon Jaga, and she walks in a few hours later. They converse, and she reports that she has been having her own versions of Dig’s dreams, seemingly filtered through her Green Magic perspective. They squabble a bit, as their fields usually do, but CG helps keep the peace. They agree to work together on some investigations, but Jaga makes clear that she won’t help them if they’re working against the “true” Underground at any point- take from above, not below and all. She also tells them about some other interesting locations to find (and avoid) down here. This includes the Ghoulberg area (good body disposal, but make sure you don’t get snagged too- helps to make some infected friends) and the toxie Druid cult harvesting the fatberg out in Redmond.

They also notice the barkeep gives her a human sized Hurlg mug, a rare sign of respect to a non-Trog in this establishment. She also seems to have replaced a former cyberarm with an animate plant matter arm, and has a small humanoid plant familiar of some sort that follows her. She seems to be kind of evenly somewhere between CG and Dig’s relative power levels. CG also makes contact via a bar terminal with Sung Yi, and info broker with the Choson Ring, one of the local Seoul’Pa’s, and proves his nationalist credentials sufficiently to get a test job: fuck with the Yak in a meaningful way and they will help him out and give him more work. He agrees.

They leave the bar and continue their investigations. They head to the Dwarf Underground, the ritziest area, to look into rumors of Menehune Dwarfs working some kind of excavation project. Sung Yi already tipped them that the Menehune are likely working on behalf of the Sea Dragon, so they tread carefully, plus they inevitably attract plenty of attention from the guards (Hard Corps mercs) who police the zone’s borders, and who insist on confirming magically that CG isn’t a shedim. They get in, but are under constant surveillance while there. They use their spirits to find the nearest large collection of excavating tools, and confirm that it is somewhere down under the bottom of the central elevator shaft of a new 10-story deep hotel.

The concierge confirms that the Penthouse suite (the lowest level, with a private elevator) has been indefinitely rented, and will not allow them access to any areas without renting a room, which they obviously can’t afford (the concierge has correctly assessed this). Dig checks it out astrally with his Watcher spirit, and finds a massive magical barrier blocking access to the bottom of the shaft, which also is laced with some impressive illusion spells to block sound and visual without being obvious about it. So it seems that whatever the Sea Dragon has the Menehune digging up/out/etc is down there, but will remain secret for now.

They head back to the surface and get a call from someone telling them that since they’ve been poking around, they might as well come have a chat. She invites them to her yacht, and suggests they head there immediately. Not having any better leads, they do, with CG riding atop Dig (in horse form) at an impressive pace through Downtown. This gets them noticed by any magically aware individuals watching, and they don’t do much better with subtlety at the docks, where they startle a man when Dig transforms back to man form, and then use a spirit to trip him into the water, where they watch while he drowns. Luckily for the man, some other boaters rescue him just in time, but CG and Dig are filmed and shamed on social media for standing by and doing nothing (though noone seems to realize they were also the cause).

They head aboard the yacht, and meet Eletheira Windtaker, correctly assessing that she is a Sea Dragon rep herself. She tells them (essentially) to stop poking their noses in, but suggests that the SD will reward them well and maybe share some info if they start working for her. They agree in principle, which seems sufficient for the time, and Eletheria gives them some contact info for some local runners she’s been using for a variety of jobs, who she suggests linking up with. For now, they head north to meet up with the Sisterhood of Ariadne and talk ritual magic, having a few forecastings they wish to attempt.

Meanwhile, the team has cleared up their jobs list quite a bit with subcontractors, and Kit has decided to retire from day to day running in order to focus on fixing and managing the Shadow Chapters. Aradia also takes her leave, in order to focus on her personal magical development as well as her investigations into Entropy circles and the Shades night club. Both promise to stay in touch with developments from those areas, but won’t be available on the regular for day to day runs. Aradia’s first stop is the Sisterhood of Ariadne, to do a ritual to learn about some of the assassins in town, where she encounters Chew Gum and Dig. They agree to help with the ritual, recognizing Aradia as one of the team they were supposed to seek out, and Aradia offers to connect them with the rest of the team for payment.

For payment to the Sisterhood, Aradia offers the mana plate photo of the door to Dis on the Moon, which Clara and the others eagerly accept. For all their grandmotherly vibes, their ritual chamber is quite nice and put together, and they decide first to focus on the legendary assassin Teachdaire, as the team decides to try to cooperate with the Moonlight Thorns to take him out. The ritual works, and tracks TD to a farm safehouse in Snohomish, but he has some kind of magical protection that cause about half the participants to forget ever having seen him (including the 3 runners). Luckily, Clara and the other team members, who were observing via TacNet, do remember, so not a total bust. But scary! He looked right at them as if aware of the ritual!

They also do some digging into some other assassins, and offer to help John Abernathy (as unpleasant as always) survive against the Wrecking Crew, a thrillkill explosives trio. They recommend a few bodyguards, and he chooses to hire Dynamic Solutions (“for the optics”), which proves useful, as the Executive Protection team does their job, engaging in a massive fire(/explosives) fight with the in disguise Wrecking Crew as they “sealed cracks” on the bridge to Council Island. The JTF and NAN military on either side of the bridge also got pulled in, but luckily due to some good planning from OrkCEO, civilian casualties were minimal and fatalities were limited to combatants. Unfortunately, the bridge was badly damaged and is closed for the time being, but Abernathy survived, ensuring his “leave” vote.

The team checks in with Romeo, who hassles them some more about doing Free Seattle jobs, as the referendum is flying by. They decide to do a twofer, and take Major Brenda Reed’s job with the goal of sabotaging her by feeding the info to Rahel Juric. Tabasco does his best negotiating since they don’t want to risk putting Carol on the call, and gets an OK promise of pay from Reed, to manufacture some blackmail on Carl Derrick, the weak-willed UCAS congressman, by taking advantage of his predilection for Bunraku parlors. Reed gives them his favorite in-town place, his schedule of visits, and his preferred type, and tells them to take it from there, so long as whatever they do is bad enough to give her permanent leverage for getting him “out of it.”

They do some recon, and get a good security head count and idea for the building exterior. Creep pays for a membership (after verifying his age) and does the same inside. Small building, lots of guards. They contact Las Muñecas to tip them to what’s going down and offer an opportunity to rescue the 6 “dolls” kept onsite. LM agrees. Dig uses magic to program the AIMAD, freaking everyone out, and leaving it so that Creep will just have to run the program. Creep buys some gamma-scopolamine, and heads back into the parlor, renting the room directly under the one Derrick always uses for the same amount of time as him.

Once the team observes Derrick arrive, Creep waits 15 minutes, then crawls down the dumbwaiter from his room and up the one into Derrick’s room, making good use of his linked camo skin and suit, and KO’s Derrick without any trouble. He runs the AIMAD on him a few times to make sure it sticks, and then heads back the same way he came, leaving before things get chaotic.

The rest of the plan springs into motion: without Kit present, the gloves are off! So Tabasco KO’s a Yak guard with an injection arrow, and Carol retrieves the arrows and breaks their neck, and then steps back out of the way as Derrick’s driver races towards the back door. Chew Gum causes him to have an accident, slamming into another Yak guard who rushes out back and going flying through the windshield. Tabasco and Creature KO these two as well, and Carol retrieves the arrow again.

Derrick comes running out back, screaming, with Yak on his heels, who start firing as he peels off in his car, abandoning his driver. The Yak try to grab the driver and head back in, but find the back door locked somehow. They send runners to other Yak bars in the same strip, but Chew Gum and Tabasco kill them both, and Carol splashes lube grenades in the alley to add to the chaos. Feeling that they’ve done enough, they exfiltrate, but Tabasco spots 7 stealthed VTOLs taking off from the brothel roof as they leave.

They report into Reed and send her the footage, and she seems satisfied and pays up, though she asks if it wasn’t a bit of overkill, though she doesn’t seem to mind. Not sure what she’s referring to, they check the news and find reports that an organized crime brothel went up in flames, with multiples bodies already recovered inside. Checking in with Las M, they hear that the rescue went well (all 6 dolls recovered and into hiding/recovery in their network), but that a local contractor was a it enthusiastic. They put together that Yoko Aruki was on the job, and is continuing her anti-Yakuza firebug style.

However, this also nicely fulfills Sung Yi’s request, so Chew Gum advances with the Seoul-Pa. They sell the info about Derrick, as well as the fact that Reed was behind it, to Rahel Juric, who also pays up, and then tell Annie that they did this, but don’t tell Romeo. They figure this is a good test of how he responds, in terms of getting a feel for him, and Annie overall approves the strategy. They also get her to negotiate a deal between the Yak and the Skraacha for ACHE smuggling once Shiawase takes over, on behalf of Shiawase Daigou, as the team is so unpopular with the Yak right now that they can’t possibly do it themselves.

They also hear the a Songbirds assassin named Oscen, a poisoner and thrown weapons expert, made a move on Margaret Telestrian (likely for not being a pure enough elf). Luckily, the Moonlight Thorns werewolf Saroosh was onsite, and saved Telestrian, but was killed in the process, though not before he also killed Oscen. Without Saroosh around to help though, what will happen with Teachdaire?!?!

Subcontracting All Over Town
8/1/2022, 12:06:05 PM
Runners
Carol Turpentine
Kitten Caboodle aka Kit
Creature
Aradia
Tabasco
Creep

After the confusing paydata selling day, with a lot of new feelings about what to do next, their relations with others, etc, the team decides to try to fortify the local Shadow Chapters by hiring a bunch of runners (for a small fee, of course) to do a bunch of the various jobs the team has amassed during their time in town. They also hear some worrying rumors about some very angry Marry Me… megafans who are are displeased about the team’s revelations. 6 out of 16 (in total) of the reprogrammed Shadow Chaps members are successfully deprogrammed, the rest die via the allergic shock trigger that was also implanted to prevent tampering. Shiawase is holding one of the 6 survivors for study by their MFID branch, but promises it’s “catch and release” and won’t be a regular habit.

The team does some research on local runners, figuring out who are the crews to know, who’s got good rep, etc.This includes all the teams they met while distributing VDH’s hoard, a useful reference, as well as some others they’ve encountered in their time here and in Chicago. With this list in hand, they compare it (the teams on it’s capabilities) with their list of available jobs, and assign out one to each team, with the explanation that this is a test run for the team to join the Shadow Chaps, which will bring more work. The team decides to keep certain Free Seattle/high secrecy jobs for themselves, especially as Kit wants the Shadow Chaps to remain officially neutral on Free Seattle and able to work either side, with Wei and Snow agree with.

Takashi and his Rusted Stiletto mutant recruits storm the Aqua Arcana lab facility and free the captive Merrow, as well as various other critter subjects kept there. The mutants remain reasonably restrained and only eat some of the staff, though at the request of the Sea Dragon, they make a horrifying video of them eating alive the project head in front of all his cowering coworkers, with the announcement that Merrow are under the Sea Dragon’s protection, and experimentation upon them will not be tolerated. Remo helps Creature with some research, and Takashi is able to shuttle the Merrow to one of 3 spots of their choosing: Enatai Beach Park on Council Island (already a free Merrow gathering point), Blake Island (the Sea Dragon’s recent acquisition), or the water-entry level of the Beaux Arts arcology in Bellevue, after Eletheria purchases a significant portion of it for their private use.

Next up, Kukulkan’s Crew is sent to investigate the Halloweeners, at Shiawase Daigou’s suggestion, and figure out what they’re up to trying to corrupt the Spirit of the City. They confirm some info that the team had provided from the early, early days of the team file, when Eion Smash had snuck into Glow City to observe a ritual done by Nightmare, the gang leader, and found himself mutated for his trouble. Asking if they should continue, the team decides to throw in some extra assistance and hires the New Assets to back up K’s Crew, though Picaro, the young ork adept on the crew seems gung-ho to go either way. With some injuries on K’s Crew and casualties amongst the new recruits to New Assets (Tommy Talon explains it was a test run anyway), the runners prevail and manage to destroy the statue of Chemosh that was being used to power the mutation rituals, corrupt the local Spiders, and attack the Spirit of the City. After a hard battle, they also manage to disrupt Nightmare, who seems to be some of Cancer spirit, likely from Miggon.

Imre Dahl’s crew is hired to look into all the assassins in town, and their on-call hitman, By the Numbers, gets a solid report back, backed up by their deckers and mage doing some research. They get names and likely targets of all the top tier assassins working, and manage to strike a few from their “concerns” list based on them being hyper-focussed or specialized on things the team doesn’t care about. They also spot some good possibilities for turning certain assassins against each other. Tabasco pays out of pocket for a side job, and hires the same crew to take out a Shedim merc/assassin named SIN who is in town. Unfortunately, By the Numbers is killed in the process, and this crew refuses to join the Shadow Chaps, and Dahl says not to contact them again.

Beltfed’s team takes on Rooster’s job, and successfully steal the secret rites of the all-Dwarf Stonecutter’s Guild and pass them along. They also report to the team that this is likely Rooster up to something on the Seelie Court, as the Stonecutter’s Guild and the Court’s Zhigul Makers faction are deeply connected. The team doesn’t know what this will entail, but files it away as potentially useful.

They hire the Coven of the Crypt for a few different jobs- looking into who owns Shades, who owns Fenris Nacht, and the Sons of Snohomish. They bungle the Shades job a bit, but confirm that it has unusually good, though not overly threatening security, and that Imre Dahl’s crew is involved somehow (too bad the team already burned that bridge…). They have better luck at Fenris Nacht, discovering that an ancient dragon-hunting order is behind it through a series of LLC’s and shell corps. The Sea Dragon violently takes over ownership, which most of the patrons accept, as she is obviously a strong hunter. Yoko Aruki and a bunch of sea drakes lead the assault, and they mount the heads of the local ownership (and any onsite who resisted) in the secluded alley leading to the entrance. Nyssa Hallas is satisfied with this info. The SoS turn out to predictably be a human metaracist org, with ties to some of the metaracist doctors from the destroyed Paladin clinic network in Denver. The team finds some old notes in the file about that. They’ve opened a new clinic in town, which will need dealing with. They also seem to be doing false flag attacks on humans under the “Sauron’s Legion” banner, in order to drive recruitment.

Grappler’s crew (who Carol knew from Chicago) gets tasked with sabotaging, false-flagging and overall making the UCAS JTF look bad, to popularize their pulling out. The team at Kit’s insistence request a “low lethality” plan, which costs more and is harder, but the team pulls it off with style. This greatly pleases both Rahel Juric and Shiawase Daigou, who gives them yet another job: Renraku will almost surely get various “x-guide” contracts for De La Mar’s new matrix relaunch, and he wants a sleeper agent inserted to make sure that Shiawase has some backdoors and kill codes in place, just in case. The team recruits a cocky and eager young hacker with some social/con skills named Kid Code, who agrees to the longterm assignment, and they successfully get him inserted and set up in his new position. Shiawase Daigou is most impressed with the team and their rapid results.

Howard and Phillips INC is given the job of looking more into the K-Code and the Null Sect, as well as this digital Horror entity that De La Mar has codenamed “Blackout.” They mostly just confirm the info the DDLM gave to the team, especially re: K-Code, but do discover some local Null connections that the team didn’t know about, including an infested host in Redmond that might be a worthwhile target. They also confirm the presence in town of the Null assassin Hitsec Burn, and report that they had a lot of gear fried in their investigations. They report that it seems that Null attacks are down in areas where DDLM’s new matrix is live (Boston, Chicago) but escalating in other places, suggesting they are attempting a pressure campaign to speed the transition. The team give H&P the Null Doc to help them keep safe in future.

Tommy Vermont and Las Muñecas set their trap as discussed: they put out word in some places they know Kellan Hunter will hear it that Natalia is a Monad, and sit back and observe. Hunter manages to kill Natalia after stalking her for a few days, and takes her eyes, and Vermont and the LM’s take him out (perhaps a little excessively, but best to be sure), ending that serial killer threat to the city, as well as shutting down the Death Ships pipeline. A matrix-based member of the Nadja Fixer Network named Sofia also contacts the team and thanks them for their efforts, having received proof of Natalia’s corruption and activities from the LM’s. She’ll be taking over the Seattle beat for now in Natalia’s absence.

The Mythfits are given the job of looking into the First Union smuggling org, and discover that it is a forced conversion recruitment Monad operation, which deeply upsets Kit. It also proves useful as a way to recruit other smugglers and go-gangers to take revenge, and the local FU chapter is basically wiped out, though with pretty high casualties on the ganger side. The Mythfits luckily only require some hospital stays to get back on their feet after a gnarly brawl.

With all these new crews signed up for the Shadow Chaps, and only one real failed job amongst the lot, Kit plans to start recruiting more fixers, street docs, etc to begin building the full network. The team also has to figure out what to do with all the assassin info. Miranda King from Spinrad contacts them on an old number of Carol’s asking if she was correct in recognizing them from Chicago. Aradia gets in touch to maintain Carol’s fake dead status, and agrees to work with her. First off, she does an interview on Kit’s Shadowcast “The Bolthole” in order to start building relationships between Spinrad and Monad communities, since they don’t like that EVO has the market cornered at the moment. She then hires Aradia/the team to begin prepping an epic night (or more) out for a certain VIP, who she will not confirm or deny is Spinrad himself.

They also hear that the referendum is officially starting, and will last for exactly one week. Creepily, Horizon is deeply involved, conducting opinion polls and surveys the whole time to gauge the populace. The team better get a move on to make sure things swing their way, and not let any of their preferred delegates gets clipped! Happily, they also got a list of high end bodyguard in town, and can recommend their services.

The team also hears from Su Cheng, and learns that due to his secret manipulation, Jimmy Kincaid has brokered a peace deal between the Ancients and the Triad to secure an arms smuggling deal, basically granting them the power that Cheng was worried about the Laesa/Yakuza having. Unfortunately, someone seems to take exception to this (or something else Kincaid did) and severs his arm, destroying his last bit of magic and cutting him off from his ally spirit. Hearing that she’s been appearing randomly around town, Aradia and Tabasco astrally track her to an apartment/office registered to a pair of people finder/bounty hunter/bailbondswomen named Skip and Trace. They try to offer assistance consoling the spirit, but S&T seem to have a pre-existing relationship with her and say they have it under control. Aradia tries to snoop a bit more astrally and gets KO’ed by the very emotional spirit. Tabasco leaves a number in case they can be of future help, and then carries unconscious Aradia out of there, successfully taking the hint. But who went after Kincaid and why?

Paydata Shenanigans
7/25/2022, 12:35:33 PM
Runners
Kitten Caboodle aka Kit
Aradia
Tabasco
Creep

With Creature at OtherCon, and Carol embracing the lessons he learned from ThinkTank (RIP) to take some vacation sometimes, the rest of the crew settles down to divy up all the paydata from Alice’s lab. After some debate, they decide to split it into some separate tranches rather than try to sell it all as one chunk, figuring it’ll be better overall payout and connections that way. They report in to Annie first, giving her some info on the Death Ships and missing persons cases, closing out a few investigations Tabasco had started back when.

Calling in some favors from Remo, and doing some research of their own, they find out some about Alice’s Death Ship contact, a local fixer named Natalia. Strangely, she’s a member of the Nadja fixer network, who are usually anti-trafficking, but rumors have been circulating that not everyone she helps to smuggle themselves somewhere reaches their destination. They find out that she survived an assassination attempt some years ago, and was kept alive partially with an experimental nanite treatment. They speculate she likely later fell victim to CFD but has kept it under wraps.

They report this in to Tommy Vermont, who has been working with Las Muñecas to crack down on trafficking locally. They decide to set a trap: they will tip off the serial killer Kellan Hunter that Vermont has been investigating about Natalia’s “Monad” nature, and then observe, and plan to take out whoever survives that encounter.The team’s a little iffy on the morals of this whole plan, but since noone even asked them to get involved decide to just wash their hands of it and move on, though Tabasco and Vermont get a little side action going on who they think will win.

As part of their pay from Annie, they get a couple contacts, to pursue other paydays. First, they call up a mid-level Shiawase exec in Tacoma, who Annie had some connections to from a ways back, and offer some valuable info to the corp about the ACHE. She passes it up and the chain (and seems to benefit from bringing it in), and the team gets a meeting with a retired C-Suite exec, Shiawase Daigou, one of the 7 adopted children who ran the corp for quite some time, but who know advises informally from his 5 story penthouse on top of the ACHE.

The team hires an air cab to get up there, and gets a very thorough search from very polite corpsec. Daigou’s grandson ushers them in to the large suite, and they find a huge greenhouse garden, explaining Daigou’s nickname on the streets, “The Gardener.” The grandson brings those who can drink tea, and Tabasco tries to see his condo- the view is incredible from 320 stories above downtown. Daigou eventually wanders over, taking off his work gloves, and begins negotiations. Aradia tries to spot magic, and there is definitely something there, though well-concealed, although he also has a lot of implants. He also has a set of color-coded hardlines to… somewhere on his sparse desk.

The team has a quick debate, and decide to sell this guy Spirit of the City info as well, as he’s a much bigger fish than they expected to be dealing with. Plus, Tabasco knows that Shiawase wants the contract to run the whole ACHE and the reactors below, and would be happy if Free Seattle passes as it will make that whole process easier. So, could be a useful ally! They turn over the info about the Spiders and Weeners infiltrating the ACHE and trying to corrupt the SOTC, and also tell about the Weeners smuggling old secret Deus tech out. They connect Daigou with Jaliyah Angél, their local ASPS connection, to stabilize the SOTC and prevent corruption.

Daigou says he will dispose of the undesirables, and Tabasco gets a little concerned and inquires, and Daigou reveals that they have also been making use of the Death Ships to get rid of problem elements. Tabasco convinces him to stop (after this last shipment, as the team decides Spiders and Weeners are best off getting eaten). He also agrees to provide access to one of Shiawase’s delta clinics to the team to put their payday to best use, and with a donation from Aradia of her chunk of the pay the ASPS helps her craft and bind some foci. Kit gets Daigou to potentially agree to bring Shiawase onto the Shadow Chapters, but he hints that they have been infiltrated or at least influenced by a corp, and he wont agree until that has been resolved, but he won’t say more for now.

The team gets paid, heads out, and agrees to do a job for Daigou as well- he suggests that his security would have spotted an artifact powerful enough to corrupt the SOTC if it had come into the ACHE, even if JTF security had missed it. So there must be someone on the outidie who’s the mastermind of the conspiracy who has yet to be revealed. He suggests starting by looking into the Weeners. He also offers bounty payouts to the team or anyone else who makes the JTF look bad- he will use the info about ganger/cultist infiltration to just such a purpose. But the worst of a public look the JTF has, the easier it will be to get them booted out of the ACHE- which will be especially easy if Free Seattle passes and the UCAS military pulls out in full.

Kit posts a warning about “Marry Me…” on Jackpoint and elsewhere, and reports start coming in from some other teams who have encountered similar labs in different Barrens-esque places around the world. It seems like spirit, drone, and Dissonant sprite security is the norm, but the other labs seemed long abandoned by regular visitors, so the team likely disrupted Alice getting a full new one up and running before she skipped town. Comparing dates of these other lab raids to various Marry Me outages and glitches, matrix sleuths confirm that most of the game beyond the base is likely being run by these technomancer meat-brain networks, which is deeply upsetting. The team gets some hate from some diehard Marry Me stans who suggest they are plants from an opposing game company, but most posters seem to believe the evidence, and thank the team for sharing it free of charge.

The team then calls in more Remo favors to dig into the Shadow Chapters further. They compile some info and compare it, trying to get as big of a sample size as possible from the dozen-ish cities where the Shadow Chaps have set up. What they find is a bit disturbing: Horizon and SK most often benefit from runs through the SC, and Horizon gets hits least often- both by a significant enough margin to not be random. This implies that the corp that Daigou hinted might be behind the Shadow Chaps (or have infiltrated them) is likely Horizon, which means probably the Dawkins Group. It seems like the reprogramming of uncooperative types is not a situation unique to Seattle- the team likely didn’t encounter it in Chicago since everyone had a common enemy and they were deeply involved in setting it up there.

Worried about what this might mean locally, Kit sets up a meeting with Ms Snow and Eddie Wei to use this as blackmail leverage to make themselves a third equal partner in the leadership. The rest of the team comes along as backup, but unfortunately are not paranoid enough, as Ms Snow quick draws and shoots Kit in the chest as soon as they present the info about Horizons/Dawkins infiltration.The team manages to KO Snow and corner Wei, but not before Wei puts out and APB to all Shadow Chaps members that the team has attacked the leadership.

They manage to convince Wei to a brief ceasefire by sending him the intel they found, and get him to tell the SC members who showed up to reinforce to stay outside (for now). Wei suggests they all back off a bit while he reviews the info. Kit stabilizes Snow before they leave. Aradia calls in a favor from Arthur Vogel to get an ARES AIMAD of their own, having seen that Alice had a modded one she was using to reprogram people for the SC (and others). Wei eventually agrees to the team’s proposal- Wei, Kit and Snow (if she can be deprogrammed) will all 3 run the local SC for now, and they’ll try deporgramming with the AIMAD first off on Snow before trying to round up all the other reprogrammed members at once and trying to clear them.

The team heads back in, and Aradia uses mind probe in concert with some drugs to soften the still unconscious Snow up for the AIMAD. Kit does a spectacular job, aided by their nanites, and manages to break the core reprogramming down on Snow (which seems much higher level than what Alice was doing- uh-oh!), as well as shove all the evidence of Horizon/Dawkins infiltration into her brain. They luckily also manage to magically and medically keep her alive as they fight the reprogramming which tries to kill her as a last ditch effort. She wakes up with an awful hangover but agrees to their terms of the deal and plan, and says that she guesses she’s thankful?

With this info in hand, Kit returns to all the skeptics around town (Tauren, Takashi, Daigou) and gets them to help all the uncorrupted local SC members round up the list that Wei and Snow have of reprogrammed locals. They plan to attempt the same protocol that Kit and Aradia established, and save as many as they can. Daigou keeps one for Shiawase to study, saying that this will not be how he usually operates in relation to the SC, but that they need to see how their adversaries work. He says Shiawase’s inhouse spies (the MFID) will be able to deprogram just fine once they’re done studying, and return the captured runner back to the streets. Kit and team reluctantly agree, not really having a choice.

Finally, they make contact with a one-use number Annie got them for the powerful socialite and matrix safety campaigner, Danielle de la Mar. She agrees to meet them for lunch at the Embassytown cafe on Council Island. The team review their SINs and ditches all their illegal gear and heads over. Tabasco gets some additional scans, but all his visible ‘ware is legal, and Aradia seductively distracts the guard from looking closer. They get to the meeting and find that DDLM has impressive magical, tech and physical security, all onhand but low profile. She explains that she will be jamming their meeting and that her mage will be using illusions to keep anyone from lip-reading or listening in. The team explains Alice’s diabolical plan, mentions the K-Code and Jormungandr, and brings up the Null Sect.

DDLM seems familiar with all of these, other than Alice’s “crash the global currency and take over” plot. She thanks the team for their info on that, and says she will update the robustness of the Matrix 3.1 launch she is preparing, as well an the new SIN and Nuyen registries, to counter that threat. She doesn’t seem as worried about the K-Code, suggesting it is more of a matrix bogeyman/vaporware, but is interested in knowing more regardless. The Null Sect however, she has a lot to say about. After conferring obliquely about safety protocols and level of knowledge, and establishing that her and the team are on the same page, she launches in.

She explains that the Null Sect’s ultimate goal, as far as she can tell, is to sever Resonance energy from tech energy, and be able to fully control what they consider the “real world”: the digital side of meatspace. The NS view Resonance (and e-life forms and digital sapients/AI’s) as threats to this, which is why they especially want to eliminate them. DDLM explains that based on some recent Seelie Court discoveries about the connected nature of magic and Resonance, and her dealings with the NS, she believes that Resonance has other similarities to magic as well: it grows in power with more use and belief in it, and if it gets too powerful, some kind of “digital Horror” will arrive to smack everything back down, much as happened to magic at the end of the 4th World. She believes the NS are seeking to hasten the arrival of this entity or entities, which she has codenamed “Blackout.” She isn;t sure what this Blackout will do, or even what form(s) it might take upon it’s arrival, but she thinks the NS might be something like the Invae or Shedim: early signals of the coming of something worse.

She also believes the NS have recruited some human allies to manipulate, pay, etc into doing their bidding in meatspace: the Freedom Network, and the Turing Army. Their various political proclivities make them easy to use, and they both are arrogant enough as orgs to likely assume that they are in control of the partnership (they are not). They are also working with global networks of Dissonant TM’s, who also hate Resonance. More worrying, according to DDLM, is that she believes the NS have struck some sort of deal with the Euro Vampiric cabal known as the Ordo Maximus, which could prove very troublesome indeed. Regardless, she explains that the real reason she is launching matrix 3.1 (as well as enhanced safety protocols) is because the Foundation has become to dangerous and she wants to get the vast majority of metahumanity further from the NS, to buy some time. She explains that she made a devil’s bargain of sorts with the NS: in exchange for abandoning the Foundation to their control, they won’t expand beyond it, and will limit their attacks to those e-life forms they find especially abhorrent.

She doesn’t trust them at all of course, but thinks this will at least give metahumanity some maneuvering room. She also explains that the CFD/Monad explosion out into the world was of course because of the experiments being done on AI/e-life, but also because something worse was chasing them, so the NS are also partially to blame for that. The team, all sitting back in their seats with their minds blown wide open, agree to potentially look into some of this stuff more, and not spread any of this info wide outside their networks. DDLM offers them significant additional pay for more details about any of this stuff, and suggest they come to her first in the future, as they now have a working relationship, and who knows who else you can really trust?

Shiawase Daigou calls back to share some info: Horizon is likely triggering their sleeper agents and sending subliminal commands through otherwise innocuous concealed programming in popular music they release. So they don’t have to specifically target any one agent or even know where they are, so long as they’re somewhat connected to pop cultural norms. This matches with Alice/Null Sect’s fucked up use of stolen Dawkins Group tech at the Iron Jungle, that Tabasco had previously ID’ed. They also call in their final Remo favor, and get some more K-Code info: it does seem like more of a rumor than a fact at this point, BUT there are multiple instances of air-gapped offline private code labs getting massacred, and every time the data drives are missing afterwards.

Looking further into the coders killed in these incidents, from what they team can piece together (it seems like lots of payouts and NDA’s have prevented much outcry publicly), they are all specialists in AI, economics, market forecasting, and the like, so it seems like Alice might be onto something with this K-Code biz after all…. yet another problem for another day! The team celebrates their big paydays with some implants and chillin’, closes out a lot of the investigations on their lists, and figures out what to do next.

Go Tell Alice
7/11/2022, 10:59:27 PM
Runners
Carol Turpentine
Kitten Caboodle aka Kit
Creature
Aradia
Tabasco
Creep

With Kit’s rough location data on the TM they need to rescue for Remo, the team does some research. Wherever they’re being held (and whoever by) it seems likely to be in the Carbonado/Crocker Mine complex, which after some digging turns out to be Mafia smuggling turf. Tabasco warns the team that Gianelli mafia shouldn’t be trusted (he feels burnt by his experience of Enzo corrupting Urban Brawl still), and they debate a few different options before deciding on stealth recon.

Creep gets dropped off via stealth VTOL while Aradia and an air spirit accompany in the astral. The area seems to be covered with ash clouds and runs over the powerful leyline Aradia had spotted at Grand Council Lodge. Plenty of cover and distractions, but harder to do their own surveillance. They find a sort of main entrance to the abandoned mine, and head in, moving slowly and looking for defenses and traps.

It looks like an active smuggling zone, but noone seems to be around at the moment, and there aren’t any detectable devices, sensors, etc. Aradia sends the spirit to search for irregularities, and it reports back that deeper in the mine is an area aspected towards Toxic Dog. Reporting back to the team, Tabasco suggests that this is likely another of Alice’s facilities, as he knows she follows that corrupted mentor. They gear up and head over while Creep keeps an eye on things.They also add some stealth mods to the van, and park it off track in the ash wastes to keep it from getting spotted (or stolen).

Heading in, they follow a winding path as Aradia navigates towards worse and worse feeling background counts. They eventually reach a mana barrier, and Kit sends a drone through, which spots a tunnel lined with explosives with a blast door at the end and a motion sensor above. Aradia sneaks herself and an invisible Kit through the mana barrier, and Kit sneaks up and hacks the motion sensor with nanites, but there’s a terrifying person inside so they bail. They then jury rig the explosives to blow the door. They then head back and cross the mana barrier with Aradia at the same time Tabasco comes through from the other side and waves his arms a bunch to trigger the motion sensor, before getting yanked back behind Kit’s shield as the explosives go off.

The team races down towards the door as the tunnel caves in around them, with Tabasco’s armor somewhat blasted. They get in a fight with two rail drones firing assault rifles and a horrifying toxic spirit inhabiting a mutating dog body (with extra legs and mouths). Carol gets pretty fucked up but Kit keeps him in the fight and the team prevails. They enter a server room, which was badly damaged in the explosion, but is connected to an adjacent chamber. Kit rips some data, and is distressed to find that this seems to be a major “Marry Me…” server, before getting chased off by the upsetting e-entity again.

The team enters the next room and hears many voices crying out for assistance, saying they were kidnapped and just woke up and can’t see anything. One of them seems to be the one who sent the message. They pull some tarps off some vats and find a bunch of brains wired together into some sort of meat computer, even worse, each brain seems to correspond to a major expansion, area, quest or NPC in “Marry Me”. Creep smashes the speaker on the jar closest, and suggests they don’t bother trying to save these brains, as this is obviously the outcome of the mind/body separation work that Alice was up to in her other lab.

Kit refuses and tells the rest of the team to go on while they stay behind and try to save at least a few, if they can figure out how.They also mini-weld shut some ceiling valves that seem prepped to spray Cleaner-Cleaner on everything, but also see that a countdown clock has passed the 4 minute mark, and the brain vats are all draining liquid onto the floor. They break open 2 vats and manage to get a little liquid in one busted end to slosh 2 brains around in, choosing 2 of their favorite expansions.

The rest of the team chases after Alice, but Carol stumbles into more rail drones and is nearly killed. The team takes them out and continues, finding Alice’s lab. Creep and Tabasco decide not to document and continue pursuit, and head the other way with Creature in tow. Aradia and Kit heal Carol, who goes to document the lab while Aradia mind probes one of the brains. It knocks her out, but they confirm that these are kidnapped TM’s from the missing persons list Tabasco has, and worst of all, they don’t know that they’re only brains in jars. Carol gets a ton of data to review later, and also finds a problem- the lab is flooded with a currently inert compound that is highly flammable when combined with some second element, aka a binary explosive! They need to get out of there.

As there’s only 90 seconds left on the clock, they flee to where the rest of the team went. Meanwhile, the rest of the team has found one of the mine’s boreshafts, and Tabasco has managed to shoot his grapple hand up to the ascending elevator therein. Creep and Creature start climbing a ladder stuck into the rock. Another toxic dog drops on Tabasco and nearly kills him before Carol and Creature (drake elemental attack very good vs spirits!) manage to take it out. However, the elevator reaches the top and Alice blows some charges, trying to drop it on Tabasco. Luckily he makes a heroic swing to the side and Creature catches him with a web. A massive explosion behind them seemingly destroys the lab and blows a huge dust cloud up the shaft.

They make it to the top of the shaft, and Aradia cleverly sets off an acid trap left for them using a trid phantasm. Kit and Aradia hurry the brains back to the van outside while the rest of the team chases. Carol is the only one fast enough to catch up to Alice, who seems to be riding on a massive dog spirit. He triggers a grenade trap without taking damage but chooses to continue the chase as the tunnel collapses, separating himself from the team. Racing around another corner, he is shot and nearly killed by some Ex-Ex rounds, and the team has to dig through the collapse to get to him before he bleeds out.

Seeing that Alice and dog are headed deeper into the mines instead of out, the team abandons pursuit and heads back to the van, getting out of there. Meanwhile, Kit has contacted Remo and S@m to try to get help uploading the 2 rescued brains before they shrivel and die. They jury rig an upload system using the RCC, van comms gear, and a satellite uplink, and manage to upload brain/persona copies into the Endless Archive. They aren’t full e-life forms, without the magic of the Tarot, or Big D’s “Jack-B-Nimble” program, but it’s at least a form of life and preservation, and who knows what else could occur. They thank the team but are horrified at what they found, and Remo feels a little bad at the level of favor this ended up being.

The team heads back to the safehouses and review the data: Alice has a plan of world domination through financial markets, and to that end has a few fundraising ops going: Marry Me is a big one, each brain she brings online adds new layers (and lairs) to the world, and gives the game it’s unique lifelike/dreamlike feel. She’s become a critical dev for the game, and it’s highest paid employee. She has also been selling her mind alteration skills to anyone willing to pay locally, using a purloined ARES AIMAD device in conjunction with Dawkins Group Project:Orion sleeper agent tech apparently stolen by the Null Sect and traded or sold to her. Her local clients include most major corps and syndicates as well as the Shadow Chapters, which explains some things Tabasco has heard.

They get the layout of her local network: which bars she kidnaps from, which gangs she works with, and her contact for selling the leftovers to the Death Ships: a fixer named Natalia. They also find out that she’s been helping the Halloweeners infiltrate the ACHE for some reason in exchange for recovered DEUS tech leftovers. She’s also after rumors of something called the “Kechibi Code” which seems like some sort of financial/predictive specialized AI. She modelled her program on Danielle delaMar’s “100” as well as the advances of Thomas Roxborough at UniOmni, though neither appear to be directly involved.

Also, the crazed e-entity that Kit encountered seems to be her former mentor, and originator of these projects, Dr. Halberstram, a true mad scientist thought dead. She’s trying to figure out how he was transformed (or created) in his current form, not to cure him but just to know. She seems to enjoy keeping him localized as a crazed defender. Anyway, she seems like a true supervillain with ridiculous goals, but maybe the skill and tenacity to at least cause extreme chaos?

The team, realizing they’re sitting on a gold mine (ha) of paydata, decide to take some time and think about who to sell what to, but warn people off the kidnap clubs for now at least. They rest and recuperate, and the next day Creature heads to OtherCon to make more contacts for the Sea Dragon. Xe meet all sorts of interesting characters there, and make some good connections, deciding to once again use local Merrow communities as an in for the Sea Dragon, by helping them out against Aqua Arcana experimentation and trying to get them recognized as sapients officially.

Xe quickly latches onto a hip Vashonista named Soresha, who says she is new in town but seems adept at making connections, and helps Creature make the rounds and meet some people. In the surgeries and mods hall, Creature spots the quiet street doc from Fenris Nacht, who intro’s herself as Trickster’s Daughter, and seems to possibly be a fox shifter. Creature gets some minor mods from her to cement the connection in case xe needs to rely on her medical skills (and discretion) in the future. Xe also wanders a bit, and spots various advocacy groups, panels, costume contests, fandoms, etc, as well as a “We Remember: The NIght of Rage” exhibit that the hotel seems to have put on with the Tacoma MoM chapter (they sheltered many that night using a formerly secret Underground connection, now another level of the hotel).

Eletheria also tasks Creature with observing corps at the con, as many use it as a recruiting opportunity for beings with unique abilities. EVO is well-represented of course, and seems relatively benign. SK is recruiting through a drake named Scale, who seems a lot less fun than Simon Andrews, but similarly loyal, and gives the corp a good sell. He’s also staring daggers at a merc corp called “New Assets”. which appears to be drake-only, and is also recruiting, offering peer alliance as an alternative to servitude to the “Greats” to their fellow drakes.

Creature buddies up to the NA rep, Tommy Talon a bit. He seems friendly enough, but is also a vain LA type. He seems intrigued by Creature, but recognizes that xe already has a bond to a Great, so doesn’t have much to offer beyond being a potentially useful connection out of town. Xe also make friends with some local couriers for (and the dispatcher of) the Alley Cat Express, aka ACE- some side work that Creature and Tabasco amongst others might find useful from time to time. They seem to be friendly with Jimmy Kincaid, amongst others, and Creature recognizes one of them as the decker from one of the team’s that helped distro the items from VDH’s hoard.

Creature also sees Proteus recruiting pretty hard, which is interesting as they are an AGS AA-corp, but do have a local Arkoblock. Their reps also seem to be meeting with some other corp reps using the Con as a cover: Creature ID’s reps from both Maersk and Wuxing, which worries Eletheria, as all 3 are involved in ocean experiments and shipping, and may be trying to cooperate against the Sea Dragon. She declares it’s time to teach them a lesson, and tells Creature to get the team ready for a job.

Tabasco also calls Rahel Juric, and tells her they haven’t forgotten about her. She seems agreeable to an open timeline for most stuff, but throws it out there that she would love paydata on the ARES rep, and also wants to know what happened to the CAS rep who was supposed to be at the gala but never turned up and has been incommunicado ever since. As the CAS was one of the sector owners in Denver, it makes sense they would want a say in a new treaty city, though it hadn’t occurred to the team before. Anyway, they missed their shot and apparently folks back home are steamed and want answers…

Creature Feature
7/4/2022, 11:36:20 AM
Runners
Carol Turpentine
Kitten Caboodle aka Kit
Creature
Aradia
Tabasco
Creep

Kit decides to take a day off and go see a movie via hotrigging his wimp, using his new William Wimpleton SIN, while doing some background research for the technomancer rescue mission that Remo gave them. Aradia heads out to take care of some witchy business. The rest of the team decides to use their downtime to look into some mysteries Tabasco had uncovered, and try to knock some tasks off Creature’s list of jobs for the Sea Dragon.

After doing a bit of research, they head over to Tacoma so Creature can try to make some connections at Fenris Nacht, the predator/hunter bar. Xe gains entrance via namedropping the Sea Dragon (a powerful hunter herself) while the rest of the team hangs nearby to provide audio input and backup if needed. Tabasco tries to surveil other arrivals but is foiled by a magical fog, which Carol fears is vampiric in origin.

Creature first enters the bar area, and finds some various Infected hanging around, mostly starring daggers at a pair of cybered-up Catholics with a lot of prominent iconography. A pair of equivalently cybered Russians are loudly trying to outdrink each other at the bar. Creature wanders a bit further in, and finds Gregory Bear-Killer conversing quietly with what looks to be a wolf shifter or werewolf in a hunting lodge area- some of the trophies are definitely immoral if not illegal.

Creature continues down into a network of grottoes, small caves, and private rooms. The whole place is laid out to make visitors feel hunted/vulnerable if they don’t view themselves as an apex predator. Creature spots a young vampire woman emerging from one of the rooms, seemingly having just been treated by a street doc who looks a bit out of place here, and is wearing a fox lapel pin. The street doc hurries off, but the vamp, who is wearing a heavily battle-damaged anime “sexy schoolgirl” style outfit (looking extra bizarre now that it cut, burnt and shot to pieces, though her wounds seem to be healing quickly), sticks around.

Creature gets a drink and makes conversation with Bear-Killer, using Aradia’s name as an intro, and also is introduced to the wolf man, Saroosh. Saroosh seems to be an assassin, new to town, who is looking to kill one or more other assassins, though he won’t specify who. Bear-Killer also seems to have taken on some contract work during the recent uptick, and it seem they are sharing info now that they’ve confirmed their targets won’t interfere with each other’s work. Creature participates once they verify that xe also won’t be working at odds with them. They both seem to think that in the current landscape, doing mob/syndicate hits is small potatoes compared to the high value contracts that are being tossed around in the lead up to the referendum.

They all split off, and Creature is approached by the young vamp, who gives xyr a hard time for a while before revealing that she is a friend/protege of Red’s, and knows who Creature is. They chat a bit, and it turns out that this vamp, EB, knows the Triad vamp that Tabasco has been investigating, Su Cheng, and offers to make an introduction, though she offers no guarantees on how that will go. Creature agrees, and buys EB some blood from some onsite blood bags, who seem happy to trade for whatever the bartender gives them small doses of after they are fed on.

Creature also asks EB about membership, and EB tells xyr that xe must complete a major solo hunt of some sort- bring down a big target. a trophy and/or a good tale will also help a lot. Creature plans to pursue this for the Sea Dragon’s benefit, though this place doesn’t seem like a community per se, it seems like a useful place to have regular access to.

The team heads back to Tabasco’s condo to “party” which entails buying 2 six packs. Creature gets a call from Su Cheng, who sets up a meeting the next day. It feels like it could be a trap, but they’re all curious enough to go along. They head to Triad turf in the Downtown Chinatown district, and after an extensive security check (and getting all their weapons checked), are ushered into a windowless room with trid screens projecting nature scenes on the walls. Su Cheng turns to them from some sort of ritual task, and they all take a seat to discuss biz.

He proposes that, since they are asking questions, they go into business together. In exchange for performing some tasks for him, he will answer at least some of their queries. There is definitely an element of threat over the whole thing, but Carol pushes for a little more info (instead of money) and Su Cheng seems to appreciate that the team recognizes the value of the immaterial. He explains that the Laeasa syndicate has been smuggling in Tir Tairngire Peace Force armaments and selling them exclusively to the Yakuza, which is an obvious source of imbalance in the local crime scene. He wants the team to get evidence of this: footage of meetings, documentation, etc, and pass it on to a Puyallup PI named Jimmy Kincaid, who should be able to make good use of it in another deal that he is working on. They are not to let Kincaid know that the info came from Su Cheng.

The team agrees, and does some recon, splitting into 2 and tracking both some Laeasa and Yakuza members around town until they do find them meeting at the Tacoma docks, and get some good footage of a handoff. If they can just get some digital records/weapon ID’s etc to back it up, they should be set. Meanwhile, Creature is getting excited for the start of OtherCon the next day, another location xe is supposed to investigate on behalf of the Sea Dragon for possible allies.

Aradia, meanwhile, finally meets up with the Sisterhood of Ariadne and begins trading a little info on entropy circles and the like, as well as getting more info on the group in general. She also tips them to the powerful leyline from the Grand Lodge on Council Island leading to Mount Rainier/Tacoma. They hint that the forces behind the entropy circles are powerful adversaries but agree to share some info or assist in the investigation. They specialize in foretelling/portents and the like, so don’t seem as skilled in physical magics, though they do some alchemy and rituals as well. Aradia is also excited to meet a bunch of cool older ladies, who give her some tips on achieving lifelong power.

Next, Aradia and Iva conjure and manufacture up some over the top outfits to get into Shades, the new club up in Snohomish. They manage to catch the doorman’s eye and get ushered in past the line- the club is officially still invite-only but with some flexibility for the famous and interesting. Aradia talks their way into a “premium” area in the back of the former Masonic Lodge, where she can access more illicit substances than are available out front. She fails to bluff her way into any of the VIP/private areas further on, but gets some info about how to potentially apply for the exclusive memberships.

She also scouts out the security a bit, and notices that the club has unusually good magical security, and multiple means of verifying its VIPs. She also does some people watching and some info gathering amongst the crowds, mostly local celebs of various levels. She decides to return later with Creep and possibly some better surveillance gear to continue the investigation.

Free Seattle Part 2
6/29/2022, 10:32:41 PM
Runners
Carol Turpentine
Kitten Caboodle aka Kit
Creature
Aradia
Tabasco
Creep

Needing to get a move on, the team decides to do the heist with minimal mission gear (weapons, armor, etc) relying instead on implants and surveillance/B&E tech. Tabasco gets Bernie Carter to swing by his condo and pick up his gear from Emdachat, and Creep has all his stuff, but the rest of the team is going in their rented formal wear. Carol once again bemoans the fit of his rented tux. They head to the Tacoma docks to the location Telestrian provided, and meet up with a mini-sub smuggler named Sounder, who has a good rep on Jackpoint. Kit is a little bummed to not be allowed to pilot one, but Sounder insists on being in control.

They do a minimal amount of research on Council Island, but can’t get much useful surveillance data or security details, so they decide to wing it. Sounder drops them off without incident, successfully bypassing their water patrols, but tells the team that they’ll be stranded if they miss their very narrow pickup window, as she isn’t going to wait around. They head into a dense forest along the shore, and Carol and Tabasco quickly spot some hidden cameras and pressure mesh scattered around. Most of the team is confident on their ability to bypass them safely, but Aradia isn’t, and levitates herself and Kit, as well as making both of them invisible.

They safely pass through the forest, and come into sight of the Grand Council Lodge. They had heard there was a protest turned riot on the south end of the island, which they hope will distract on-island security. They spot some more pressure mesh, a spirit patrol, some patrolling guards, and 4 caged barghests, as well as cameras covering angle of approach across 100m of open space from the treeline. They check out the front of the building, but that has stationary guards and even worse coverage, so they decide to stick with the back door.

Kit disguises themself as John Abernathy, the targer, using his handprint that they copied, as well as their false face, plus some more spellcraft from Aradia and disguise help from Carol. Aradia and Kit approach the back door invisibly, with everyone else spotting them. Kit manages to bypass the door lock and disable the camera inside via nanites, while Aradia does some astral surveillance (noticing a powerful leyline connected to Mount Tacoma, as well as some underground levels), while Kit sneaks over to the SSC embassy wing, and uses Abernathy’s handprint to access it. Unfortunately, some guards notice the beep as the scanner works and opens the door.

Aradia drops the invisibility on Kit, and Kit bluffs as Abernathy, not doing a great job, but the appearance is so strong that they manage to sell it to the suspicious guards. Kit continues in and heads to Abernathy’s office, which fortunately has automatic lights so they know which one to go to. Tabasco repositions in the trees to cover the window to the office, now that he knows which one it is. The rest of the team watches for trouble.

Kit does a quick search of the room and finds that Abernathy doesn’t have a terminal and seems to prefer hardcopy. A safe in the corner looks promising, so Creep sneaks in, following the path the others took. Kit and Creep make quick work of the safe, and find some promising paydata inside. Kit quickly memorizes it all before carefully putting it back, wanting to leave some plausible deniability that anything happened. Unfortunately, something has tipped off the guards, who are headed in to investigate. Creep opens the window and Tabasco shoots in his grapple hand for them to zipline out on. Aradia slips out the back door and floats back towards the trees.

Creep ziplines back to the trees just fine, but Kit drops about halfway, luckily Aradia makes them invisible before anything bad happens. The team hoofs it back to the water and makes their pickup window, getting dropped back off at the Tacoma docks. They get a call from Romeo, saying that Telestrian has tasked him with collecting the data and paying them off. He also offers to buy any other paydata on behalf of Annie, as arranged. He says he thinks this is a power move by Telestrian to reveal that she did her digging on the team, and also why Annie wanted to use Romeo as a cutout.

Remembering another aspect of their job for Annie, they decide to dig into Romeo a bit before handing over the data, and get some intel from an Underground hacktavist named Tauren. Romeo has some family ties to Humanis and other extremist orgs, though his parents appear to have “officially” left when he was born a dwarf. He also may have some personal ties, which Tauren wants the team to confirm, as Romeo presents himself as a beneficent meta-rights supporter.Tauren also seems interested in the Shadow Chapters if the team can prove it’s a legit org, as he’s heard mixed things.

They pass along and sell the data, but get Remo to watermark the intel from the gala, and then check with Annie to see if Romeo copied the file or altered. He looks to have copied it but not altered it- could be pro, or could be sneaky! More investigation needed. The team does some various other digging around into assorted other ongoing missions and mysteries, and make some future arrangements for collaboration with Domingo Febles and others. They check in with Nyssa Hallas, Iva, and Don Michaels about assassins in town, and get some intel, and also some updates on some happenings in Snohomish.

They get Remo to look into matrix security at the Iron Jungle as a favor to Nyssa, and he reports back that, somehow, the Freedom Network/Popular Will crew there appears to have the Null Sect doing security, which is very troubling. In exchange for all these favors, Remo asks them to rescue a technomancer that just managed to smuggle a message to him from wherever they are being held, as they sound pretty scared and desperate. The team agrees to focus on that next.

They also officially make Creep a full member of the team! Though he doesn’t seem too interested in their safehouses, they have a fun time riding the jet ski around in the small lake while the water spirit makes waves. He shares a bit of his sad past as a child model/pageant star, which inspired his current anti-appearance, not particularly wanting to be observed anymore.

Free Seattle Part 1
6/13/2022, 9:58:46 PM
Runners
Carol Turpentine
Kitten Caboodle aka Kit
Creature
Aradia
Tabasco
Creep

The team readies themselves for the gala in a few days time. Creep takes advantage of the final touch construction chaos at the building site to sneak in ahead of time and insert himself into the ducts, where he can crawl around, surveil, and get an eye on security and layout. Kit and Carol do some research on the layout of the building as well as gather some info on it’s sister structure in Dubai. The configurable maze, on the 5th-8th floors, is the site of the main VIP portion of the gala, and will likely be set to it’s highest security/privacy setting, making exterior surveillance difficult. They discuss having Creep use a data tap to get Kit access to the maze controls if needed, but decide not to rely on that.

The team brushes up on social skills, and comes up with appropriate backstories. As the team travels downtown, they notice that there are some large protest crowds and clashes, just short of riots, seemingly advocating for either “stay” or “leave” with the recent vote tally from the informal poll at the music fest having riled things up. The team does a little research and sees that a lot of the “leave” faction seem to have backing related to the Real Americans and the Pacific Independence League, both of which are at least partially funded by Ghostwalker. The “stay” faction seems to have some local funding from a new group called the “Sons of Snohomish”, which almost for sure is a metaracist org based on name and location, and which the team has a job to investigate. They plan to dig in more on both sides in the future.

Tabasco reserves Bernie Carter and his armored cab for the evening, and Aradia and Creature rent a short distance town car, while Carol and Kit travel in another. On arrival, they spot a few people watching over the crowd and arrivals, as well as some notables from around town. Tabasco ID’s some organized crime figures from the Downtown and Bellevue families, but they don’t seem to have tickets to the VIP area. Aradia approaches the rumpled dwarf doing surveillance first off, and they have a friendly (on the surface) but probing convo about who exactly they each are. Recognizing each other’s magical abilities, they exchange contacts.

Aradia also gives a nod to the elf who watched them arrive but is ignored, and offended. The team in their 3 groups heads upstairs fairly quickly, seeing that most of the political and corp movers and shakers do so, not lingering in the semi-public soiree in the atrium. Creep re-positions himself near a private corner of the 3rd level of the maze in order to try to observe any quiet convos any VIPs might have there.

The other 2 pairs of the team make some conversation at the maze entrance with some of the various figures, and meet a Seattle government official, Chuck Beale, who they manipulate into revealing that he is the one compiling the list of delegates for the FS referendum, and that this meet and greet will give them a chance to make their cases to him. Kit manages to snag a copy of his hand print. but fails to scan his irises. They also meet a very jolly Horizon rep who creepily doesn’y have handprints when Kit tries to scan them. Most of the other VIPs cleverly rebuff handshake attempts.

The team finds out about a bit of drama between a few of the reps: the SSC guy really does not like the Telestrian sent on behalf of Tir Tairngire, and the PCC rep sent up to advocate for Seattle as a treaty city doesn’t think much of the SSC rep. Omnistar wants in, and their rep Rahel Juric makes Tabasco as a runner after he drops some hints, and hires him to ensure she gets on the referendum list, and hunts at more future related work. Creep overhears the UCAS govt rep get berated by Margaret Telestrian, who suggests that her vote will be amenable to bribes, but she’d prefer he offer her the best one. She also hints at some scandals in his background, which the team only finds some whispers and hints of online. Creep repositions a few times and overhears some more convos as well.

The ARES rep (who Carol steers clear of) and the Renraku rep seem to be planning to work together to push the “stay” vote, as both have a lot of contracts they might lose if things go the other way. The Horizon rep seems VERY good at navigating the maze and stumbling into convo’s at interesting points, and claims not to have a preference or agenda. This is also Beale’s line, who claims to just be excited to be in the room where it happens. The Pacific Independence League rep makes Creature as a drake beholden to the Sea Dragon, and suggests that both of their masters will want the same result so they should work together. Miranda King, here on behalf of Spinrad, confers with the Wuxing/PPG rep, and both seem open to either outcome, but interested in the possibilities present.

King seems to almost recognize some of the team, especially Creature, but doesn’t push it, so they avoid her as well. Telestrian eventually threatens the team into doing some work for her, having noticed Creep in the walls. She’s very friendly about it all. but seems like a real social predator, and Carol is a little spooked. The team decides to throw caution to the wind and steal Beale’s commlink, make sure Juric is on the list, and then send it before returning the link, in order to create a situation where it would be too embarrassing for him to admit what happened. Aradia distracts him by questioning the integrity of the process, and he goes off on how he is very neutral and wants an unbiased discussion with even opinions on all sides as well as some undecided.

Carol snags the link, though Beale seems to have some exec protection training and almost spots the palming. Kit does the hack, gets the full delegate list, and decides to add not only Juric but also Ceri Gilbredes (the PIL/Ghostwalker rep) and King (Spinrad), hoping this will give the “leave” faction a head start, and keep Stuck from killing them. Creature handily returns the comm to Beale’s suit, and the team disengages, needing to head out to do a quick B&E job for Telestrian that evening so as not to get Creep into hot water, plus wanting to get on her good side in the hopes of swaying her vote.

Emerald City Intrigue
5/30/2022, 9:14:13 PM
Runners
Carol Turpentine
Kitten Caboodle aka Kit
Creature
Aradia
Tabasco
and reintroducing: Creep

The team returns to Seattle, still mourning ThinkTank’s death, and planning to carefully guard their new ID’s to try to avoid blowback from ARES. Tabasco, noticing that one of their other sneaker/fighters is permanently absent, proposes a replacement: his occasional comrade Creep, a weird but reliable fellow. The team concurs, planning to try Creep out on some of the many upcoming missions they have in Seattle: astral library returns, throwing the Free Seattle referendum Stuck’s way, fighting off the many assassins in town while discovering their targets (and without their access to TT’s assassin contacts!), plus all the mysteries Tabasco was investigating prior to joining the team. Time to get to work!

Worried about being able to cover upcoming rent on their 3 safehouses, they decide to try to do some quick money jobs, get that settled, and then delve into the bigger concerns. The team meets up with Creep, and agrees to do a few test run jobs before fully onboarding him, but it seems like he’s eager for work, talented, and pretty weird. Tabasco calls up Cheeks and they arrange to meet up and chat about some jobs and investigations that Cheeks would like handled. Carol calls Vogel, and asks for any intel on what ARES jobs are on the line in Seattle, and which way Vogel wants those to go. Vogel tells the team to not interfere with the bug infiltration of the Mafia via the N’Drangheta (more of an international problem), as having his Mafia allies in disarray will put Knight at a further disadvantage. He also tells them that Dr. Ellis is seeking to capture one of more Botflies, a rare (in this region) bug spirit type, and that the team should instead wipe out this nest.

The team takes a few days to restock on gear, catch up on local events (Aradia is bummed that she missed a full moon chance to investigate the strange entropy circles), and give Kit time to set up the new van. Kit also borrows some money from the team fund (recently increased in size with the influx of ThinkTank’s funds at his death), and further upgrades their new Wimp drone.With the van arm and armor equipped, the team heads out to NE Redmond to meet up with Cheeks and some other Dogmen.

They make introductions, and Cheeks gets down to business: he wants Tabasco to follow up on the previous work he’d done for the gang, and figure out what exactly is going on with the Spiders gang, and also see if they can get any intel on what is happening to the people they snatch. The team agrees, thinking this will link up well with the Vogel job, potentially. They do some recon, and find some sort of huge trapdoor spider spirit catching stray passerby in a magic web, and passing those off the what seem to be Spiders gang members, but who have a bit more of a cult-y vibe.

Creep manages to follow them as they drag the unconscious kidnappee underground, but Tabasco has to fall back when he is spotted and caught with some sort of astral webbing. Aradia and Carol take a pic with the Quicksilver Camera for proof as needed of the situation aboveground, and KIt sends in a crawler stealth drone to back Creep up and relay signal. Creep and the drone follow the cultists done through some narrow tunnels into the sprawling sewer system under Redmond, which Creep knows is big and dangerous. Creature follows partway to keep the signal working, and Tabasco hangs nearby for combat assistance as needed.

Creep sees a shaman with a black widow focus (likely the gang;s leader, based on description), with about a dozen gangers/cultists all chanting “Grandmother” in various languages. Widow touches the kidnappee and speaks some quiet words in a language Creep doesn’t recognize, and as her focus glows, the victim transforms, mutating into a spider hybrid form. This isn’t bugs, but this is bad. Some of the cultists come forward and usher the newly transformed victim to a nearby bench to recline, offering words of reassurance that he is one of them now and they will take care of him.

Taking another scan of the large reservoir chamber, Creep spots a massive, newly manifest spirit lurking in the shadows, and sees another shaman come forth from it’s vicinity with some fluid from it in an ewer. He watches in mute horror as the shaman gets the newly transformed man to drink it, also offering words of reassurance. Creep decides it’s time to go, and the team exfiltrates. They report into Cheeks, and post warning to the Shadow Chapters, the Crypt and Jackpoint. Cheeks gives them the small “missing persons” funds he’s raised from the community, and tells them they did a good deed. He seems to be pondering next steps, and also not 100% sure none of them are corrupted, so he says he’ll be in touch.

They talk to Fargus Sol, who confirms that something weird is going on in the astral planes with Spider: Metabeles, their traditional home, has new connected hyperplane known as the Twisted Web, which seems to be the creation or at least home of a malevolent trickster spider who broke free from his astral prison in Metabeles. This is apparently where “Grandmother”, whatever it is, resides. Sol doesn’t know how it started corrupting shamans from there, but suggests this would be worth further investigation. He also suggests that both the trapdoor spider and the huge black widow were likely quite dangerous but both tend to not be overly aggressive, so just as well the team didn’t attack, for now.

The team starts researching Botflies, and manages to identify some likely focal points. Remembering that Cheeks had said the Spiders only really got bad and weird after they ran out of bugs to eat, they decide to try to play one faction off against another. Conversing with Prof. Maggie Magnusson about Botflies while he confers with some colleagues, they hear that some Spiders gangers recently got picked up Downtown without SINs and dropped in the ACHE, and decide to get a third faction involved as well. They call Tosh Athack and tip the Black Knights off to the panned Spider raids coming up. Unfortunately they then hear back from Maggie, who says that the hosts can likely be saved with the help of a skilled medic and a skilled banisher, if they are found before the incubation is complete. The team feels bad they already sent the Spiders after them but feels it’s too late to stop what they’ve set in motion.

They wait a few days and then hear the good news: a large number of Spiders gangers were detained by Knight Errant after being found in the vicinity of a suspicious number of recently deceased individuals, none of whom bore any obvious signs of harm other than having been restrained. Due to the Spiders’ lack of ID, they are being detained in the ACHE for now. They team pats themselves on the back, and calls Vogel, who says he will spread the info they uncovered about how to ID and counter Botflies far and wide, to make sure ARES can’t try to use them as sleeper agent infiltrators. He sends them some cash, and with relief, they pay their rent.

In worse news, Jaliyah Angél cakks Aradia from the ASPS, having heard about the Spiders ending up in the ACHE, and shares her worries that the Spirit of the City, which seems to be centered on the ACHE, could easily be corrupted in it’s nascent form by the cultists.So maybe not an unqualified success. But at least the team knows where to look for them. They also get some intel on the ACHE itself, which could play into resolving the Free Seattle referendum: Shiawase is bidding to take over care and upgrades of the structure and it’s reactors from the UCAS military, which is good leverage.

The team decide to go with Imaginary Annie instead of STV as an employer to look into Free Seattle, and givers her a call. She says that she wants direct reports from the team, but that jobs and money and gear and whatnot will all be handled by a local fixer named Romeo who she is testing out, and also wants looked into. She confirms that Shiawase info, and tells them that there is an upcoming gala where they could likely meet a lot of the power brokers in town and try to ID who the likely delegates to the referendum will be- the first step.

They contact Romeo, and are less than delighted by his easy sleazy nature, but he seems to know his business, and gets them tickets to the gala (except Creep, who wants to sneak in), as well as nice rental clothes. Carol cringes at the thought of attending an event in a rental tux but has to remind himself he doesn’t have the corp credit card anymore, and goes along with it. They get a down payment for any gear they need from Romeo, and have a few days to prep for the gala itself. It will take place as an opening event for a grand new structure called The Aspirant’s Tower, a vertical maze inspired by a similar building in Dubai.

Resorting to Vacation
5/23/2022, 11:15:29 AM
Runners
Carol Turpentine
Kitten Caboodle aka Kit
Creature
Aradia
Tabasco
and a sad farewell to: ThinkTank

With TT and Kit on board to take Tate out, they start debating tactics. They decide to take a few more days to get some cyber upgrades and do some shopping, with Kit and Aradia taking a day trip to Cairo to shop the massive markets there. Aradia, unable to avoid temptation, goes looking for something illicit and special, and eventually gets put in touch with Am-Mut, a regional fence, black marketeer and info broker. She insists on getting their street names and checking their rep before doing business, but gets them what they need a day later after they check out. Kit buys schematics for Tate’s cruise ship, as well as some info on onboard security. Aradia gets some reagents, an ancient death mask that could be made into a focus, and also decides to drop a large sum on a mysterious weapon focus.

After spending some time examining the focus, they consult with Fargus Sol and do some internet research. It seems it is a legendary blade known as Ketel’s Dagger which can transform living matter to gems and crystalline forms depending on use and target. Sol says that since it uses blood magic to enact the transformation it would likely be quite addictive and might be an item that other’s seek to acquire, by force if needed. Aradia decides to trade it for a less dangerous magical sword, a Blade of Hark, which allows some level of spirit binding and control, and when bound as a weapon focus will make her a significantly larger astral threat.

Aradia and Kit decide to board the cruise ship as passengers to get some early intel, while the rest of the team approaches with all the gear on a zodiac provided by Ibn Hassan. Kit and Aradia spot some magical security, and confirm that the crew are either all bugs or maggots, and decide not to explore further until the rest arrive, though Kit inserts their new crawler drone into some maintenance raceways to skulk around and see if it sees anything. They also determine that there is definitely strong bug magic in and below the VIP spa area. Carol stays behind to get one more spa day, and also pilot in the escape boat if needed.

Tabasco learns how to pilot the zodiac, and after some trial and error and some withering looks from TT and Creature manages a successful stealth approach to the cruise ship. TT and Tabasco board via a tactical grapple, while Creature uses xyr web to stick to the side. Not seeing anyone inside the nearest chamber, Tabasco cuts through the porthole glass, and Creature manages to contort xyr way in. Using Tabasco’s radar and the plans Kit bought, everyone manages to link up, with Creature opening a door to the below decks area from inside, while Aradia bypasses the ward to allow everyone to pass through undetected.

They avoid some eerily efficient crew patrols (always in pairs and seemingly linked to some sort of hive mind or shared perceptive network), and head for what on the plans is supposed to be a bilge tank that seems to be the strongest magical location. They find it cut open, with some crude stairs welded together descending into it. Hearing more footsteps, as well as some voices, approaching, they dash down in. A horrifying sight awaits. At the far end is a massive bulbous, slimy entity, looking something like a huge putrid toad. In the center of the room is a Bug statue, similar to some they’ve seen before, this one obviously of the Scarab tradition.

Lining both walls of the room are various contorted metahuman forms in various stages of transformation, although they don’t look to be getting transformed into bugs. Instead, they seem to have some kind of small grub inserted into their heads, which seem to be causing the heads to massively swell and distort, consuming the rest of the body as they grow, and eventually projecting a mass of limb/antennae from the chin. The 11 bodies are in various stages of transformation, with the ones nearest the gum toad (as the team ID’s it) the most transformed. Two of these snap their massive, torso sized heads off of their shrunken husk bodies and charge the team on their spindly chin legs, targeting Aradia and Creature, as the gum toad flicks it’s tongue out at TT.

The team manages to dodge the initial assault, but are unable to connect with the enemies, who seem quite quick, until Tabasco targets the gum toad, who seems fairly sluggish. He manages to light it on fire, providing some better illumination in the dark chamber. Unfortunately, this refocuses the toad’s attention, and it quickly snags Tabasco with it’s tongue and begins to swallow him. TT gets off a solid javelin attack, destroying it’s mystical armor. Tabasco gets another arrow off, lighting himself on fire as well but badly injuring the toad. Meanwhile, Creature finds that xyr dwarf minigun is quite effective against the fast (but weak) head monsters, managing to slay one. The other continues to hyper-extend it’s jaw as the top of it’s head lolls back and it tries to chomp down on Creature.

Kit manages to prevent Tabasco from burning to death while the team finishes off the toad and remaining head, with Aradia loosing her air spirit on the grub/head monsters that are still incubating. 4 pairs of cruise ship guards dash down into the ballast tank, all moving disturbingly synergistically, and the team finds themselves straight back into combat. They all take some hard hits, especially TT, before Kit has a plan and manages to snatch the Scarab stone off it’s altar, and Aradia destroys it in astral space with her new sword. All of the cruise crew stop attacking immediately and sort of go limp, though their autonomic functions appear stable- Kit speculates that they are wimp clones, and decides to keep one for some experimental surgery.

Meanwhile, Carol has been chilling at the resort, and is approached by one Georgiy Abolev, who says he is a rep for the APEP Consortium, the magic/artifact hunters who were recently acquired by MCT. He fishes for info about VDH’s hoard, and offers large payouts in the future for other magical oddities, etc, giving Carol his number. Carol, with amazing perception, notices that his room was subtly searched while he was out, and calls Abolev on it. Abolev admits it was his people who did it, but nothing is missing, and he seems to be attempting to use it as a power play- “we can reach you anywhere”. Carol feels like he successfully won that social encounter by noticing it though, and expresses his displeasure in the skill level of the team Abolev used.

The next day, Carol plans to just chill more while the team does the job, but ends up deciding to get a second boat from Hassan and heading out to extract them when he realizes noone made an exit plan. He refreshes a bit on how to drive a boat, and zips over to the cruise ship, arriving quickly but not stealthily. Having lost comms with the team when they went belowdecks, he heads for the porthole Creature used to enter, and yanks open the compartment door from outside, using his grappling hook. Comms back on!

Creature and the air spirit finish off the grubs still in the transformation process, and the team prepares to chase after Tate, with Aradia sending her spirit off to search him out. As they follow the spirit, TT spots some chained plastic explosives all built into the lower area of the ship, that, if detonated, will definitely sink the vessel, so he offers to stay behind and sort that out while the rest of the team pursues.Kit heads for Carol’s zodiac with one of the wimps in tow, and manages to toss it down and wingsuit down after themselves. A very crispy Tabasco follows. They zip around the front of the boat to try to intercept Tate, who looks to be heading for an escape craft of his own.

Aradia and Creature give chase, with Creature faster. Xe gets lines of sight on Tate just as he is about to step off the cruise ship onto an emergency launch, which is starting to lower down the side. Xe fires with xyr minigun, and perforates both Tate and the rubber boat. Aradia, racing towards the deck, goes astral and summons a fresh air spirit, commanding to to engulf the wounded Tate. Seeing Tate about to press a detonator, Creature shouts a warning, and Kit manages to jam the signal just long enough for TT to clip the wires midway down, and prevent about half the explosives from detonating, the ship doesn’t start sinking. Unfortunately, the other half in the areas above/the spa/etc all do still detonate on a light lag, burying TT in a mound of debris after shredding his body. Creature cries out, seeing him flatline on the TacNet and heads back down to see if he can be saved.

Aradia jumps down to the zodiac, and has the air spirit drop Tate’s body in after is suffocates him. Kit is able to stabilize the unconscious Tate, while Carol restrains him. Creature manages to retrieve TT’s trashed commlink and one javelin but not much else, as he was blown apart and then crushed quite thoroughly. Though his face is hard to remember, Creature does not think xe will forget this view… Xe dashes back upstairs and webs down to the zodiac as announcements from the ship’s captain try to keep the passengers calm, especially since no other crew seems present/sentient at the moment. Kit gets them out of there before anyone can try to climb aboard, and they call up Hassan from the water and request a safehouse.

He directs them a bit west on the Mediterranean Sea, to an abandoned part of the former Libyan coast, where they link up with Bedouins traveling with a camel caravan including some dot camels. One of the Bedouins takes the zodiac and heads back out to sea, while the team covers up to blend in and hops aboard. A few hours south in the middle of the desert, they enter a secluded cave which looks like a smuggler’s cache. The Bedouins start their own fire and stay a short distance away, though seeing both the team’s injuries and the captive, say they are happy to help dispose of any corpses as needed. The team rests around their own fire for a bit and mourns TT, whose large sunny absence is noted.

Carol calls up Vogel, and gives him the intel on the Horror cult, and the suspicious fact that both the newly built cruise ship and the explosives were ARES manufacture. Even with the dot camel’s signal boost and Kit’s quality ECM, they are only able to text. Vogel gets back and says that Tate, under his new name, seems to have gotten added to ARES payroll during the bug dragon battle in Chicago, so seems to have fled and switched allegiances when he saw which way the wind was blowing there. But Vogel is distressed about what exactly he was up to and what ARES knew… as is Carol. Aradia mind probes Tate once she has rested a bit, eager for answers.

They find out that Tate seemingly got corrupted by V’golkatl after the team gave him the bug dragon to try to heal (before they knew it was buggy). V’Golkatl was apparently already using the dragon for its own designs, and convinced Tate to join it, as Tate came to view the coming of the Horrors as inevitable, and wanted to be on the winning side. He tried to bring Chicago contacts who were loyal to him along with, but most either refused (like Creature) or were killed during the chaos of his escape. He came to ARES’ attention due to the team, and Candice Phillips passed him up to Michael Turpentine II and III to run. In exchange for info on the last few nests in Chicago after the battle, they got him out and are using him to ferret out other nests in the Mediterranean region. They manages to insert him as head of a local Scarab cult using the artifact that Aradia destroyed, as Tate has no magical abilities of his own. He seems to have independently acquired the gum toad and the Crawlers (carol ID’s the grub/head monsters as something he saw in his vision of Kadath), and used them to maintain control of the artifact and also begin his own secret breeding program for lesser Horrors.

Meanwhile, ARES had him implanting various A/AA/AAA mid-tier execs and the like with various bug spirits that they think will be controllable, as what they believe could be the ultimate in corporate sabotage and infiltration. Luckily, Tate is very detail oriented, and the team gets the full list of all the converts, and this seems like a pilot version of this program, based on ARES’ success in it’s Project:Apex bug soldier hybrid experiments. Tate doesn’t think ARES knew about his current Horror activities, but they were very happy to provide him a lot of latitude as long as he kept up his target numbers.

Feeling like they’ve plumbed his mind as fully as they can, Kit kills Tate with a medical cocktail, and they trade his body to the Bedouins for a ride south. The Bedouins put it on ice in a large case, and also ice the wimp that Kit has hauled along. The team sells the list of names to Hassan, who compliments them on their work and says if they need more jobs in the region to get in touch. The next day they head south, and Carol starts to worry. TT is probably fairly identifiable, even in his exploded form, and they left the body there with distinct javelins and such scattered about. That night when they rest, Kit posts a memorial to TT on Jackpoint, and users there quickly link it to reports of a “shadowrunner terrorist attack on a cruise ship” that are being spread around. Someone also mordantly jokes that they’ll repost on Neutral Ground to get people off that bounty.

Carol finds that his corp credit card has been cancelled, and he doesn’t have any messages from his dad, bro, or Candice. He starts freaking out and planning to disappear in the desert and join up with Vogel, which Vogel seems excited about, but eventually talks him down from. Carol also passes along the general info about what Tate was up to for ARES, which Vogel is glad to know, and just seems like more motivation for him to take over. Carol makes a plan to get a fresh SIN or a few, and fake his death when they get to Asamando, using some bio-material removed from some major cybersurgeries he plans to get. They travel across a few countries in NW and central Africa to reach the ghoul nation, slipping over most borders deep in the desert without encountering anyone, and paying the ghouls at the Asamandan border with Tate’s body. The Bedouins leave the team at the outermost transit station, saying they have their own business, but recommending a few people and places in town for runners on the go.

Aradia and Creature get some minor biosculpting down in streetside walk-in clinics, while Kit just changes their appearance, and with the help of a curious aristocratic British “family doctor”, implants an ASIST rig into his wimp, effectively making it into a second body/biodrone for them to rig. Kit posts this info to Jackpoint as well, and gets a pretty wide range of responses, from the horrified to the impressed. Kit and the second body then help the doctor, Baxton Gresh, to do a series of surgeries on Carol, including giving him a False Face mod. Using the leftover tissue from that surgery, Carol pays off a fixer called The Butcher to report that Carol died of his wounds and was transported to Asamando and consumed, with the proof being some of his face in the Butcher’s possession. Aradia also calls in a favor with Juan Xiuhuitl, who flies the Brooch of Shifting over to AZT"s regional office (they are one of the few corps doing major business in Nyamkopon), and altering Carol’s aura to a different aspect, to throw off any attempts to magically track him. His low essence should also help here. The Butcher also offers them more regional work anytime they’re interested.

Aradia calls some Chicago contacts to report Tate’s death, and has another depressing checkin with Lothan, who is not doing well and has moved fully to his basement where he listens for tunneling in the walls. Aradia calls Goober to go check on him, and throws in a lot of money to start a “bug city survivors” PTSD support group at the Wisest Troll. The team all buys fresh SINs using Vogel’s contacts, and Hassan gets them suborbital tickets back to Seattle on a business flight where they won’t get searched (though they’ll still have to check and seal all their combat gear). They see some large, flagship-y Taco Temples on the way to the airport. What a vacation! As they swoop down towards Seattle, they are all a little depressed to realize that they have less than a week til they owe rent again…. time to get busy!

To The Tower
5/17/2022, 10:05:58 AM
Runners
Carol Turpentine
Kitten Caboodle aka Kit
Creature
ThinkTank
Aradia
Tabasco

Assessing the situation, the team finds that their arrival seems to have attracted the attention of one of the Emerald Cities bizarre reflections of a go-gang. Quickly naming them “wheelers” the team decides to try to evade before committing to another fight since the van/wagon is almost trashed, and 2 team members are unconscious from stun. Kit once again does some amazing driving, even in this unknown environment, and manages to ditch the bio-mechanical go-gang. However, Carol spots a low-slung scrap built racer following them from a block over, and then loses track of it. They are all surprised when it appears directly in front of them, compliments Kit on his driving, and challenges them to a race. The windows are all tinted, and the car seems like an odd classic muscle car in form, but built out of period-appropriate equipment to the metaphor that this hyperplane exists in.

Kit accepts, and they do a quick loop around a chunk of terrifying roller-coaster highway. Kit manages to squeeze out a victory, and the car introduces itself as Butter, and says that those who race together are “family”, since they all live a quarter mile at a time. Kit, recognizing the name, tries to connect with Butter about having had some distant connections, but Butter seems to have only vague understanding of the past life or alternate existence or whatever it is that Kit is referring to. He does seem interested in carboxing though, and says he will add capacity to his form before the next time Kit comes through so they can give it a go. He also offers an introduction to the Parliament of Cars, though he says they’re a little stuffy for his taste.

Butter escorts them safely to the edge of Oz as a favor for winning the race and wishes them luck out beyond, where the roads don’t run. Luckily Kit has the offroad upgrade kit installed, so the van/wagon doesn’t have any trouble. The team’s gear all seems to be some sort of odd WWi/WWii mid-era mish-mash, but they do what they can with the analog equivalents of drones and TacNet. They make a point to try to avoid engaging with any of the different events/historical periods/etc that they see represented throughout the densely packed metaplane, trying to safely cross the borderlands, and keeping the Tower in sight in the far distance. They are disturbed to see a portal crack open in front of them, and 3 individuals in what look to be armored diving suits step through. Using what look to be auto-loading harpoon guns, they manage to nearly wreck the van and almost pin Carol before the team manages to injure two of them badly enough that they retreat.

Upsettingly, they retreat by opening another portal, with the survivor pulling his downed team-mates through. Shaken by this encounter, the team redoubles their efforts to avoid any others. As they reach the edge of the borderlands, they gaze out over a massive expanse of different hyperplanes within the Kindred plane: ideologies, cities, ideas, etc all have their particular metaplanar reflections and representations here. Worried about evanescence, especially if they accidentally transit to a deeper metaplane, they plan to make haste for the Tower and ignore the rest. Before they can start moving again, a hooded figure approaches, and throwing back his cowl introduces himself as Carter Hayes, Tabasco’s dad.

Kit says “too bad” and drives off, but Hayes seems easily able to keep pace without any particular difficulty. Tabasco questions him and notices that he seems to have his dad’s memories and gestures, but something just seems slightly off. Carol spots that they don’t seem to be getting any closer to the Tower, even though they are moving at top speed, and starts really focusing on it. This seems to annoy Hayes, so Aradia and others threaten him and he backs off, though not without some parting words saying that he tried his best. Tabasco is left sad and confused. But the team feels that the van is now actually making forward progress again so something was up for sure….

A short time later, a summoning circle flares on the ground and a massive hydra erupts from the soil. Kit barely avoids slamming the van into it, but the hydra makes quick work of the remaining structure, and the van is wrecked and partially melted. The team fans out, using the van as cover, and Carol is badly wounded and some others injured in fight before they manage to figure out how to fight it effectively, by countering it’s elemental heads with different elements. Aradia summons a fire spirit, and actually sees it launch, comet-like, from the distant metaplane of Fire hovering in the sky, to come to his aid.Creature decides to chance it, and throws on the Babr-y-Bayn, gaining it’s famed elemental resistance, as well as shifting into drake form to gain xyr own elemental attack.

They eventually manage to defeat the creature, which dissolves into black sludge as the summoning circle fades. Aradia assenses it, and based on her and Carol’s knowledge, assume that this was the work of the Black Lodge. They definitely would have been monitoring VDH’s hoard, and have wanted any/all of the things therein, and have the magical capacity to pull off this kind of attack. Kit frantically pieces the van back together, with some assistance, jury-rigging it well enough for one last push. The while team focuses on arriving at the Tower, and with some miraculous driving, Kit manages to scrape into their yard just as the wheels fall off and engine block drops out. Interestingly, they seem to be fully back to their own era appropriate appearances.

Gazing at the Tower, they see that the lower levels look to be new/modern construction, but as it rises higher, it’s a total grab bag of eras, styles, and qualities. A confused seeming librarian exits the Tower and standing on the front steps inquires as to their business. ThinkTank takes the lead, introducing himself as a LoreKeeper from the Vault of Lore in Seattle, which interests the librarian, who introduces himself as Mr. Bookbinder. Kit starts to explain what they need, but Bookbinder fussily silences them, and tells the team to collect their “things” (gesturing dismissively at the pile of car parts) and meet them inside, before heading inside with TT.

Kit takes a moment to patch the team up, and then salvage what they can from the van, in terms of expensive mods and the like. The armor and camo coating is obviously wrecked, but they manage to recover a lot of the expensive add-on’s, though Carol refuses to help and dashes into the library to research ARES, futures, prophecies, etc. What he finds mostly seems to line up with what Vogel has been telling him, so that’s nice. TT and Bookbinder meanwhile discuss a reciprocal arrangement between their two libraries, as Bookbinder wants more material plane book depositories for recovering loans, and TT wants to expand the VoL.

The team heads in, and agree to retrieve an overdue book from a denizen of Anderson Island when they return to Seattle. When pressed, Bookbinder acknowledges that it is one of the 3 Books of 9 Gates, and advises them not to look inside if they value their sanity. Bookbinder seems to want to chat more, but Kit insists on portaling back to the material plane ASAP to get these magic items safely stored. Tabasco finally convinces Creature to take off the armor, which is just so incredibly perfectly tailored and fit that xyr regular clothes feel like scratchy trash in comparison. Unfortunately, Tabasco also starts running his mouth (lol) about his ancient symbiont tongue, the Dis Trader on the Moon, etc after getting nervous about the portal.

Bookbinder seems fascinated, and shares a little about Dis in exchange- there are multiple factions, with the Traders being one. But some of the other factions may disguise themselves as Traders also. He says not much is known, but that the opening of Kadath has caused many new rumors, creatures, and distant places to seem a lot more real all of a sudden. He offers reward for more info, on both Dis and the metaplanes in general, as well as other retrieval missions for the Library, but the team says “maybe later” and he huffily opens a gate and passes them through. They find themselves in a matching room, but seemingly back on Earth.

An out of breath Australian dwarf dashes into the room with a taser, seemingly not expecting visitors, but TT flashes him a coin that Fargus Sol provided for ID purposes, and says they need to stash some items in the Vault. The dwarf introduces himself as Barnaby Rudd, and takes them downstairs, there’s a lot of visible and audible construction going on around and above them, but more “in use” spaces the lower they get. Rudd passes them off to a scarred and hairless ork, who Carol recognizes as his old team-mate Test. They chat a bit, and seems like Test has been doing well since joining the collection of technomancers protected by the Coptic Church here in Egypt, many of whom work on the Library.

They explain again about items/vault/etc, and he says he’ll need to find one other being to help, but takes them down into a sub-basement, where a Filipino man in a business suit seems to be directing some crew heads on next steps in the project. Quickly trying to get a grasp on the situation, the team determines this is likely the great dragon Masaru in his human form, partially by ID-ing his voice standing nearby in a hardhat. Masaru heads downstairs with them, and he and Test both deactivate parallel security systems- the vault seems to require both a mage and a TM to open, though Kit thinks the TM part could possibly be done with nanites. Test explains to the team about his cutting-edge research into the similarities of technomancy and magic while Masaru nods a long with a slightly long-suffering look.

TT has to use the coin to access the vault, and only one is allowed in at a time to avoid temptation, so he heads in to catalogue the ring and the armor and store them safely. Masaru offers to portal them back to astral Library if they wish, but they say they plan to vacation for a while before heading home, so he gets them visitor visas for Egypt instead, and they cross the land bridge to Alexandria, curious about why dragons won’t set foot in Egypt. Doing some matrix digging, they settle on using fake SINs and a lot of nuyen to get rooms at a local seaside SpinRad luxury resort, not wanting to reveal their ID’s and get a discount at the nearby ARES spot.

They get a variety of different quality of rooms, and Kit bounces between rooms the first night, tending to everyone’s wounds. They also notice that 3 days have passed in material time. Aradia, Tabasco, and Carol, exhausted, all collapse into a deep sleep. They wake the next day, and Aradia and Kit hang in the enclosed cove pool and swim-up bar, while Carol lounges in the infinity pool that his fancier room bought him access to. Tabasco, still feeling iffy on vacations, practices on the archery batts and the climbing wall, before doing some swimming and drinking as well. Creature heads out on a day trip for an experiment. Xe swims out to sea from an unobserved place, and transforms into a drake underwater, swimming down to touch the bottom near shore. Nothing bad happens, so xe feels content, but notices a feeling of passing through an oily membrane when they walk back onshore in xyr human form.

Worried, xe calls the team, and Carol is stressed out that it might be FAB 1 or 2, one of the detection strains.Creature decides to hide in the wild for about a day, and does have to dodge some beach patrols, before heading back to the resort and rejoining the team. Carol returns to his room on the 2nd day to find a note on his pillow requesting a meeting about a mutual enemy the next day, at a teahouse in the old city. Kit and TT stay behind, but the rest of the team attend. They meet a large, jovial, bearded man in traditional Islamic dress, who introduces himself as Ibn Hassan. He says that after his organization, the Alliance Under Allah, was infiltrated by bugs in Mars City, he took it upon himself to fight them wherever he encounters them. He has heard similar things about the team, and believes he has some info that will interest them.

He says that there is a man, new in town, who offers exclusive rejuvenative treatments on a cruise ship, the one cruise ship not operated by one of the Big 10. He says that many execs, politicians, etc use this particular ship for off-book dalliances, and that this gives access to a wide-range of individuals with a lot of access. He says that this man is working with a local Scarab Cult to infect these powerful people and infiltrate their organizations. And he says that this man’s name (though he uses a different one here) is Dr. Martin Tate. The team quickly agrees to investigate further, wanting revenge, but say they need to run it by their 2 absent team-mates first. Hassan says that he is a good person to know in the Middle East and Africa, with a lot of connections. He can provide logistical support for the job, but not much reward other than the connection- he hopes that doing the right thing and achieving closure/revenge for Chicago will be enough.

The team heads back to the resort to discuss….

Gimme the Loot, Gimme the Loot
5/9/2022, 2:03:39 PM
Runners
Carol Turpentine
Kitten Caboodle aka Kit
Creature
ThinkTank
Aradia
Tabasco

The team makes a slightly uneasy peace with Fargus about their groundshaking discovery re: the Tarot/The Cornerstone, and Fargus speculates that they may be the only 7 people who know how that works. However, he thinks that Queen Brane Deigh may know or at least suspect, as she has been obsessed with collecting a full set of the 6WT, and owning the Cornerstone would supposedly give her full control over the castle and it’s ways. And as they say, “as goes the Castle, so goes the Court”…. Aradia tries to pyschometry the stone chunk that they summoned, to see if they can determine if it was stolen, if it was one of the 4 rumored chunks in people’s possession, etc. However, she experiences strange psychic feedback and doesn’t get much info- it seems to have some sort of strange object intelligence that she’s never encountered before, and it feels almost more like trying to read a mind that normal psychometry. It also seems to have powerful passive defenses against detection and manipulation magics, though it doesn’t seem that it was “intending” Aradia any particular harm. She decides to leave it be, feeling pretty wrecked, and on a few stim patches now.

The team goes down the list of saleable items, and votes on who to sell each to after some debates. They decide to start with their most loyal contacts first, and proceed downward from there, ending with getting the lil Black Book to Tosh Athack. They decide to keep the Orn’s Ear, figuring that it’s value versus it’s utility is worth the trade. They sell the Watch to Stuck for a discount, in exchange for letting them sell everything else inside the casino and getting some additional security around in case anyone tries anything. He seems delighted by the trade and instantly siphons off some of Tabasco’s luck. They call up Juan Xiuhuitl, who is quick to send Izidor and Achilles over to pick up the Brooch of Shifting, seeing the massive potential for such an object.

The handoff goes off well, with Tabasco managing to reset his aura using it before passing it over. Unfortunately, his astral taste is not very well developed yet, so he decides to do this in the casino, and is now aspected towards the Wealth and Greed plane. Better than toxic! Tabasco ventures outside after Stuck’s guards warn that they can’t protect him out there, and spots 2 separate teams keeping an eye on things. He quickly ducks back inside, and the team figures that some interested parties must have accessed VDH’s feeds in order to see when his Vault was opened, and got tipped when they team didn’t turn off that sensor on the door. They seem to be waiting to see who gets what perhaps, and either are only seeking intel or are planning to hit people as they leave.

The Howard and Philips, INC team reports that this is exactly what happened to them- they had to send out proof that all the stuff they took out was already damaged and/or destroyed to get their pursuers to break off. The team decide to call in some backup, and calls in their favors with Takashi and Yoko Aruki to get some folks on their side keeping an eye on stuff outside. The good news is the casino guards seem to be doing a good job checking for implants and weapons on arrivals, and keeping an eye out for hostile magic. The team next calls up Vogel after a long debate, and offers him the 2 Cornerstone chunks. He is thrilled, and as usual, gives Carol some real praise, which Carol laps up. He also offers Carol a position on his advance team in Detroit, if Carol wants to get off the streets anytime.

Aradia spots t2o separate individuals with solid magical power monitoring the situation from inside the casino, but they aren’t taking any actions so Stuck refuses to move against them or let the team do so. Rooster, Jamaal Quigley, and a non-binary eco type with a junkyard jaw named Smeed all show up to get the Cornerstone pieces, and pass over a massive payday. Covalent also seems to be benefiting from this based on his alliance with Vogel, and offers the team help transporting other artifacts/themselves if needed. The team then calls up Squeamish to sell him the vat-grown organs and the fool’s gold solution, and he agrees. He shows up with some massive toxic spirits on an armored moto, and gets the gear before heading out under spirit cover.

The team calls up Dyna Mite, and sells her the Crystal Traveller, in exchange for promises to share her research and help the team with astral travel when and where she can. She gives them a few hot tips for now. She sends a runner team pick it up, and the team meets Kukulkan’s team, who have been hunting Tzitzimine’s since a fovae spilled a bunch out in Tenochtitlan. Having rescued both Dyna and Kukulkan from the astral shadow prison of Fauth-Doshgoi, this team seems relatively well-disposed towards them, and interested in sharing info in the future when the team mentions some of their experiences and what they saw in Chicago and Kadath.

Aradia calls up the Sisterhood of Ariadne with the contact info she got, and gets a hold of a friendly older woman named Aunt Clara who is excited to buy the Compendium Malifecarum, and also to meet a young witch on the go, and invites Aradia to come visit their clubhouse in Snohomish. Aradia, as a longterm witch poser, it too excited to resist, and agrees, until the team team makes her call back and gets the witches to come to the casino, as per the plan, and aim for a hang sess later. They successfully make the handoff, and Aradia gets to meet 4 members of the coven, who are excited to meet her, seemingly, and share vague prophecies which could be pretty widely interpreted. Aradia warns them a bit that the house might be extra lucky tonight, but they seem to have a set budget for fun and aren’t worried.

The team then calls up Athack, and arranges for the KE Black Knight to come into Stuck’s without causing an incident. He shows up out of uniform in an unmarked APC, and takes the 2 evidence bags and the lil Black Book from them, giving them a silent nod before heading out to the well-armed and armored vehicle, likely full of backup. The team then begins debating how to get the Ring of Gyges and Babr-y-Bayn out of the casino, and out of town, safely. Fargus offers that Grey Cell has a contact in Brokerage X who has access to the global network of Freeports, which they can use to move themselves and the items without inspection, though not necessarily without interference. Carol is initially excited until Tabasco fills him in a bit more about the dark side of BX, based on his research into Toast and his downfall.

They decide to get Covalent’s assistance, and consulting him and Fargus, determine that their best bet is probably to get to Downtown and try to cross into OZ, the pocket plane in the plane of Kindred/Man that reflects Seattle. From there, they’ll just need to transit Kindred to the astral Great Library at Alexandria and arrange crossing into the physical plane to deliver the items. Kit plans to try to bring the van through, and the team starts prepping for the trip. They realize they may need to burn SINs to do this, as they’ll likely get recorded thoroughly travelling through Downtown (and a portal!) so Tabasco plans to ride in the smuggling compartment as he is the only one without a spare SIN, and he can an eye on the 2 artifacts down there.

Kit orders a rental truck full of sod to the casino, to get a second vehicle and try to gain some astral camo. Fargus arranges to leave with his knowledge, and says he hired a local crew run by a troll named Ms. Myth to escort him, so the team doesn’t need to worry. The team splits the sod between both vehicles and loads various containers into both. Aradia summons a Kindred spirit to ride in the sod truck and cast some illusions to make it look more occupied, and the team sends it off on Grid Guide, where it is quickly pursued and attacked. Meanwhile, they tell Takashi and Yoko to start taking out the opps drone and sniper overwatch, which Takashi especially does with relish. Interestingly, Tabasco gets another " unknown number text saying “I’ve got your 6” after an unseen sniper takes out one of the enemy drones that was following the team van.

Kit plans an incredibly tight and challenging route to Downtown, trusting their skill and knowledge, and manages to almost instantly ditch one of their tail cars. 2 moto’s remain, and Carol opens fire on them as they move into Renton. The bikers return fire, seemingly trying to disable the van, and do some serious damage, before Kit and Carol manage to drop both bikes, seemingly without killing either rider, which Kit is thrilled about. They white-knuckle it through the tight Downtown crowds during the last day of the weeklong festival, and call the contact Covalent gave them, a rift specialist named Tinman. Tinman seems a bit weird but caves to Carol’s threatening name drop of Covalent, and tells them there is an unstable portal to OZ just outside the Alabaster Maiden, so they race there, and manage to just slip through, clipping the mirrors off the damaged van, as the rift snaps shut.

They find themselves on Kindred, in a weird Frank Baum style reflection of Downtown Seattle, with strange representations of other districts in the distance. Rolling to a stop on the yellow road, they examine the camouflaged hay cart they are all now riding in, as Tabasco excavates himself from under the bales. They all seem intact, with only minor metaphorical changes to their equipment, with the tech all looking distinctly 20th century. Carol, with his incredible eyes, spots a teetering layer cake tower far in the distance, and assumes this must be the Library of Alexandria, based on descriptions, so they plan to make for that, hoping to avoid any trouble on the way….

The Man Who Would Be A Dragon
4/26/2022, 12:06:08 PM
Runners
Carol Turpentine
Kitten Caboodle aka Kit
Creature
ThinkTank
Aradia
Tabasco

The team starts making arrangements to get the VDH hoard job done, worried that others in town will beat them to it if they don’t make a move. They get a meeting with Stuck through Ranya Zhong (via Tommy Vermont), and cut a deal, though it’s a dangerous one. They agree to finally get involved with Free Seattle referendum, but instead of just finding out all the info, they agree to throw it towards independence on behalf of Stuck. He makes VERY clear that failure is not an option, and that their deaths will be long, messy and unpleasant if they do fail. However, with this out of the way, he agrees to give them private access to VDH’s vault under his casino, and allow them to keep whatever they find inside in exchange for clearing out the security, whatever it may be. He offers to help them sell anything they need if they wish.

The team stocks up on some B&E gear, including a counterspelling focus for Aradia to try to protect against magical traps. They head to Stuck’s, and get shown in the back by Zhong, who tells them they closed off the small area of hallway outside the vault door but that the team will be responsible should anything “get out” while they are clearing the vault. The team prepares to be cautious. Noticing that VDH upgraded his security since Joygirl IX’s visit, Kit manages to bypass the anti-tamper circuit and sequence the numeric code to get access to the bio-scanner. Kit decides not to mess with the one bit of matrix security visible- a simple “open/closed” switch attached to the door.

Creature warms up the bio-sample of VDH’s remains they got from Tosh Athack, and it scans successfully. Carol then inserts the magical frat ring and twists it, and the vault door hisses and cracks open. A foul stench emerges, which Carol begins analyzing, and then stops after almost puking. The team hauls open the vault door, and finds themselves staring into total dark, with a weird muffled effect on sound. Aradia goes astral and comes under attack from some kind of disturbing web, which manifests and continues attacking her after she drops out of astral. The team manage to kill it without taking much in the way of damage, though Aradia gets some unpleasant psychic feedback.

Almost immediately, Aradia gets tackled by a massive rotten panda, which charges out and mauls her. The team manage to wrestle if off and slay it, before seeing what seems to be an animating spirit leave the body and slip back into the vault. The panda corpse begins liquefying almost immediately, which helps explain the awful odor, further explained when they enter and find that a Sangre del Diablo tree has partially digested a man who seems to have been caught in it’s clutches. Aradia summons a fire spirit and sends it after the spirit they saw, and the team comes under attack from the tree (spitting out it’s previous meal), a floating eye, and a shadow beast. A twisted pile of limbs and organs cruelly kept alive by medical and alchemical technology also reorients itself towards them.

The eye slow most of them down with some sort of magic, and the shadow beast slices at them with claws that leave behind dripping shadowy ichor. Luckily, none of them take major damage as they manage to defeat these threats, though Tabasco is almost swallowed by the tree. The fire spirit reports that is has chased the enemy spirit from a skin suit it inhabited, into a key, and the fight continues, though Aradia has to keep using services to order it to keep fighting as it seems repulsed by the enemy, some sort of toxic spirit that fights back with an astral toxin that harms and disgusts the elemental. However, the fire spirit emerges victorious in the end and a loud crack rings through the vault.

The team carefully checks for further threats, and sensing none, begins to explore. Creature decides to kill the pile of limbs and organs, just in case, first with boiling elemental water in drake form, and then getting in close with the monofil garrotte. It takes a while and is disgusting work, with severed components turning to black sludge almost immediately. TT hauls the rotting panda corpse back into the vault and they seal up the door, not wanting to give any extra time for magical snoops to get a look inside. TT almost immediately starts feeling ill, and Kit is worried he caught something from contacting the panda corpse, however minimally, as he forces himself to vomit foul smelling substances.

Kit patches up Aradia’s armor a bit as the team catalogues the vault and debates what to do. It looks like what happened is that one of Tabasco’s list of missing freelancers, an alchemist, seems to have been trapped in here, seemingly by VDH, and forced to work on various craftings and potions. Unable to escape and without resupply after VDH’s death, he appears to have essentially activated all the security systems as an attempt at revenge from beyond the grave. It looks like much of the valuable alchemical gear, as well as a blood magic “shaman tuxedo”, were destroyed in the fight, but many artifacts, preparations, books and scrolls remain. Kit also just barely manages to gain access to a small floor safe without setting off it’s self destruct, finding a hard-wired burner comm (the vault door, when closed, blocks wireless), the little black book (which they owe to Athack), and 2 Tarot cards, inverted.

The Tarot cards in their presentation seem to back up what the team determines happened here, and also are obviously valuable in their own right, though the team plans to keep them. They check the book to ID some of the other items, and at least get names for many of them, as well as some info about what they fought and where VDH acquired it from, which all implies he had a lot of continental connections. It looks like some of the items in the vault had already been sold, also, though the team agrees not to honor those deals. Realizing they are in way over their head, they debate a few options (selling it all as one batch to AZT or someone else, trying to freelance auction it, etc) before deciding they need help to even know what things are worth, and what is too dangerous to sell.

They call up Fargus Sol and propose a deal: if he will catalogue and price the items present, they will let him set aside anything which seems too dangerous for selling, to either destroy locally and transfer to safekeeping with Arleesh. The team will be compensated for these items, as usual, though probably not as highly as they might have been if they auctioned them, but it gives them a lot more info, maintains a relationship, and is at least reasonably moral. Sol tells them he will bring a local crew called Howard and Phillips INC that specializes in the destruction of dangerous things and data, and will head over ASAP.

A few of the team head out back to receive the newcomers and bring them down to the vault, and check in with Zhong. They spot someone maybe surveilling them but lose sight quickly, and don’t want to chance pursuing, but warn Zhong who says she will have security keep an eye out back. Sol and the H&P team head down, and he begins sorting the items. He convinces the team to transfer the Babr-y-Bayn armor (made of dragonskin) and the Ring of Gyges (madness-inducing invisibility at will) to safekeeping with Arleesh, as he isn’t sure they can be destroyed but believes them to be too dangerous to let loose in the world.

They set aside various toxic, bug, blood etc reagents, a hand of glory and a few blood magic scrolls, as well as some organs harvested from various metavariants and sapient critters for destruction, after some discussion, and also the SDD tree, which looks to be one of the rare HMHVV-infected variety- Tabasco is especially glad it didn’t get through his armor now! Sol also gets TT to drink a delicious elixir to cure the disease he caught from the panda corpse, even though it was very valuable, as it will save his life. The H&P team do some careful initial destruction on-site, in case they are stopped or attacked, to make sure the things they are leaving with are no longer valuable for harvesting or reuse, before heading out.

Sol stays and gets the team some price suggestions for the items he considers safe to sell, and says he/Arleesh would likely be interested in some of them, though probably couldn’t compete at open market prices. He seems especially interested in/concerned about a chunk of the Cornerstone, a mystical object from the Seelie Court that can supposedly control the castle and allow easier movement around it. The team realizes it resembles one of the monolith symbols on the Tarot cards, and Creature sets the card in question on a table next to the Cornerstone with some intention. The card burns up and vanishes, and the Cornerstone vibrates, disappears, and reappears where the card was.

Watching in astral, Sol and Aradia suggest that the card summoned the stone. The team frantically searches through the cards they have to see if they have any others that have unique symbols on them. They destroy a few in experimentation before getting one right, and manage to summon a second chunk of Cornerstone. Both Sol and the team realize the implications of this and get a bit stressed out at what they’ve uncovered: this is essentially priceless info and items, which could make their sale a bit problematic, but this is a major discovery…

Destructive Spirits
4/18/2022, 5:26:37 PM
Runners
Carol Turpentine
Kitten Caboodle aka Kit
Creature
ThinkTank
Aradia
Tabasco

Aradia reaches out to the ASPS to offer to work together on entropy circle business, getting a contact from Maggie Magnusson, and talking a bit about weird local magic. Jaliyah Angél, the local ASPS liaison, agrees to share data and work together, since DeeCee, Boston, and especially Chicago have pulled a lot of the available resources for the org. She also asks the team to look into local Spirit of the City rumors and sightings if they get a chance, since they seem to have some affinity for that. Aradia and team agrees. Aradia also plans to get in touch with the Sisterhood of Ariadne but doesn’t feel up to venturing up to Snohomish yet, so plans to follow up on linking up with the diviners later.

The team decides they should follow up on the ARES lab that’s been out of comms for a few weeks now, and decide to do the job for Juan, since they didn’t get him anything on the space lab. They plan to give Vogel the info without the paydata, and try to appease Candice by revealing that AZT has a mole in their corp. Juan puts them in touch with a local info broker contact, Izidor Kurtlanik, and they meet him at a Downtown sports bar, which is noisy enough to provide a reasonably secure convo, especially once he turns on a white noise generator as well. He gives them contact info for their inside man, who will help them avoid sensor/security trouble on the way in, and will provide the secure password needed to gain access to the private elevator to the lab. They negotiate pay, and agree to do the job soon.

They stock up on some supplies, armaments, ammo, fake ID’s and permits, and some potions from Squeamish. They pose as musicians plus entourage/bodyguards to have a reason to be hauling a bunch of cased gear in a van through downtown, using the multi-location weeklong music fest as a cover. They make it into the lobby with no trouble, and blag their way past the security guard with the help of “Webmaster”, the inside man. Using the provided codes of the day, they gain access to the secure elevator, and head down to the lab, gearing up for combat on the way. They emerge into a disturbing scene- arcane sigils line the walls and floor, but appear powered down, and there’s some odd stains and overturned furniture in various states of disrepair just outside the elevator.

Weirdly, as they head further in, the cafeteria, kitchen, med lab and dorms all appear undisturbed, as if they were abruptly abandoned with no time to shutdown or clean up. They find records in the med lab suggesting that the facility has 12 people on staff. They head further in and find the first body – which strangely appears to have been turned into a husk by some sort of magical effect or strange weapon, it looks to Kit like years of decay occurred effectively simultaneously. They find 2 more bodies in a lounge area, who appear to have been killed while napping and gaming respectively, so it seems the killers were either very sneaky, very fast, or both.

They find a secure data lab, which has been breached, and locate the body of lab lead Robert Hammond, who had been summoned down to this lab from Daedelus station after some sort of major discovery here. Carol knows he is a specialist in weaponized manatech, and assumes that something has gone horribly wrong. They also spot that Hammond almost managed to call in Firewatch through a secure line to Carol’s dad, who is working directly under Damien Knight. Kit begins working on gaining access to the servers, while Carol heads back to the lounge to get some water to rehydrate Hammond’s finger to get it to work on the bio-scanner.

As he returns, Carol spots something upsetting- a floating tentacled crab monster made of some void-black like material with odd glowing eyes traveling up and down it’s tentacles. Carol warns the team and they enter combat. They are having trouble damaging it with conventional weaponry, until Tabasco makes some progress with his bow and TT manages to finish it off with a javelin thrust and punch combo. However, it manages to do incredible damage to both TT and his armor, using some spikes on it’s undercarriage- whatever this spirit is seems to be what killed the others here, as TT’s armor rusts and cracks where he is hit, and the area under ages a few years just from the small contact. He’s glad he dodged most of the spikes.

They get into the computer system while Tabasco takes watch in the hallway to keep more threats from sneaking up. Kit manages to wipe the headware systems of a few other scientists on-site, unlock a safe in a different area, and get copies of both project data and Hammond’s notes before wiping the system with nanites. Apparently they found a Latin copy on an ancient book, which contains a formula for summoning strange spirits from an unknown home plane. They managed to summon and bind some of these spirits in special containers, and Hammond was excited about their destructive capabilities, though both the summoning and binding was unexpectedly difficult, even for the talented corp ritualists they brought in for the project.

Then, they accidentally summoned a spirit too powerful to contain, which broke itself and the others free before they could banish it. Almost half the staff was killed in the initial outbreak, and the rest have hunkered down in various different warded areas to monitor the situation and try to regain control. However, nothing they try worked and the spirits seem to have a corrosive effect on magical spells, wards, etc. They eventually gain access to all the employees and kill them, Hammond last of all, just before he can call in the emergency signal. Up til then, he seemed content to merely collect data and hope for the best, not wanting to admit failure.

The team continues, and finds a prep area and 2 doors. They decide to leave the larger door for last, and Tabasco heads into the smaller room, finding the safe which contains the ancient book. He comes under attack from another spirit, and Creature has luckily stripped down and flipped into drake form, where xe finds that xyr elemental water power seems effective against the spirit, as do punches from TT and Kit. They manage to defeat this spirit without significant damage, and open the safe. It was still warder, though the outside is pitted with rust and decay. They find a book with blood-red leather covers, that seems very old, as advertised, but also in remarkably good shape.

They all decide they’ll need to have a convo after they get out of there about whether or not it’s safe to pass this on to AZT, but for now they feel they need to disrupt any other spirits onsite, perhaps as many as 4 more, since otherwise they will likely escape, given time, an cause unknown amounts of trouble. Aradia has noticed that they seem to corrupt the background count at an advanced rate, which is also quite worrying. The team tracks down 2 more spirits in the containment room and manages to disrupt them without much damage to themselves. However, based on the number of destroyed cages there are still 2 spirits missing. The team heads back towards the exit, clearing and closing off room as they go. They get in a brutal brawl with the final 2 spirits, which are both a bit larger. TT almost dies, and Tabasco and Kit are both badly injured.

However, they do defeat the spirits, and then make a pile of all bodies, terminals, notes, etc in the server room, and use some chems from the kitchen and med lab, plus some incendiary arrows, plus a fire spirit to incinerate everything after Kit disables the fire suppression systems in that room. They head back up the elevator, with Aradia maintaining some illusions to prepare for a potential trap. However, they easily leave past the lone lobby guard, who seems professionally uninterested. They all burn their SINs that they got for the job, and get out of Downtown before debating what to do. Tabasco believes strongly that they cannot possibly pass the book along to AZT, feeling that no corp or entity should have access to this awful power. He wants to either destroy it or pass it to Arleesh. However, the rest of the team has money signs in their eyes, and also doesn’t want to take a rep hit or burn their ties to Juan Xiuhuitl. Heavily outvoted, Tabasco gives in, but reiterates that this is deeply wrong.

They contact Webmaster, who passes along the details for the meet. They link up with Izidor Kurtlanik, with a beefier security detail this time, in an empty lot in Redmond, and pass over the book and data. He seems pleased, and gives them the pay. The team mostly heads to various clinics to get some ’ware upgrades and new gear, while Creature heads out to Blake Island to get some drake lessons from G-Dub, having been impressed by how well xyr abilities worked versus the spirits. Tabasco, depressed, gets roped into helping TT make a delivery the next day: the Sea Dragon found an appropriate gift for the Vault of Lore. They pick it up from Eletheria, and head Underground. As usual, Tabasco hangs back at the appropriate point, and TT heads into the Vault. The Lorekeepers are mightily impressed with the gift, a collection of lost texts about 4th World troll culture, language, and magic bound with a folded dragon scale, seemingly from the legendary library at Barsaive, one of the wonders of the 4th World.

The Lorekeepers agree to the Sea Dragon’s proposition to work together on her research needs in exchange for her patronage, and also tell TT about an ork and troll magic order called the Turgan Magnu, who they think will gain valuable knowledge and influence from this. TT is now a member in good standing of the VoL and can come and go as he pleases. He and Tabasco go drinking in celebration, with TT not wanting to just be a tourist, and making sure to spend money when he comes underground. He gets Tabasco to try Hurlg, which goes about as expected. Tabasco staggers back to his safehouse, and finds out that Creature paid him a visit and left him a present: the strange desiccated grub that xe got from the Dis Trader on the moon. Wanting to feel something new after the revelations about his parents and getting outvoted on a moral issue, Tabasco shoves the grub in his mouth and passes out.

He wakes up and finds that grub has replaced his tongue. He can no longer taste normally but seems to be able to “taste” astral space, and calls Aradia up to ask for some lessons. He also thanks Creature for the gift. Initially he mostly notices that his condo tastes a little sad and lonely, though with some recent excitement overlaid. He gets another session with Hard Case, and gets some lessons about how this recent moral defeat could help him define his code and make sure he knows what questions to ask before a job, and what also what jobs not to take, or how and where to define hard lines with the team.

Carol calls up Vogel after he gets out of surgery, and passes along the info about what happened on the mission. He gets an angry call from his dad about the lab, with his dad seeming to suspect his involvement. However, Carol has learned that Excalibur wasn’t quite the failure it was presented as, and knows that his dad knew and still threw him under the bus. Carol tips his dad that AZT has a spy inside ARES, blowing Webmaster’s cover, and then he surprises his dad by not caving to his anger, which seems to throw his dad off, so he ends the call but seems disappointed and still pissed.

Aradia goes clubbing, stopping in at Club Penumbra and chatting a bit with Nyssa Hallas. She gives some warnings that even having shut down the Blue Dragons and Project Iapetus, as well as getting that one Death Ship raided, the disappearances continue. She also says that she had her matrix guy take a look at the Iron Jungle and they have matrix security that is way too good, and also pretty weird and upsetting- not something he had seen before and he didn’t want to get closer to. Hallas also gives Tabasco and Aradia some missions to scope out new joints around town- a hot new private venue in Snohomish amongst them. Aradia gives in to Seducer and takes too many drugs, so TT calls her an armored cab home via Bernie Carter. Aradia also looks into rumors that Spinrad’s newish wife Gabrielle Al’Thani is throwing around a lot of money looking into any potential dalliances he may be engaging in.

Carol talks to Vogel somewhere, and tries really hard not to call him “dad” with all the positive reinforcement he gets. Vogel thanks Carol for the info, discusses where the book came from and what it means (seemingly, when V’Golkatl opened those doors in Kadath before the team captured it, it opened up some previously unknown metaplanar pathways and connections). He tells Carol that there will be a place at ARES waiting for him once Vogel makes his move, as he’ll need useful people that he can trust near to him.

Staycation Part 2
4/11/2022, 8:24:53 PM
Runners
Carol Turpentine
Kitten Caboodle aka Kit
Creature
ThinkTank
Aradia
Tabasco

The team follows up on a few things, as Carol continues prepping for the ARES lab raid- he’s got it all figured out, they’ll need to go in quiet since there’s only one secure elevator in and out, and they can use the huge multi-location music festival downtown this week as cover for moving themselves and gear around in a big van without unusual suspicion. He’s gonna feel out the various options for Johnson, and then it’s time to make some money and go to work.

Kit links up with Hans Yolo to talk more about the carboxing league, having to decided to call it “Glovebox” (get it?). Yolo suggests a few organized crime connections who might be good to loop in, and since Tabasco is skeptical of Enzo Gianelli based on his Urban Brawl tampering, they go with Bing-Lei Shen, a fashionable Triad boss with a few tough looking women guarding him, fresh in from Hong Kong- presumably this new imported muscle is a sign of the ongoing syndicate wars as well. Shen agrees to watch a test bout, and Yolo unveils the craft he’s been working on obsessively, a trike with 2 unfolding arms- lighter and faster than Kit’s one-armed van, but with less power. They have an initial match, and Kit dominates, but offers to help Yolo fix up and tweak his craft.

Shen then challenges Kit to take the van up against him, and smoothly leaps into the air and kicks the hand off Kit’s van arm without doing significant damage, with a perfect Bruce Lee yell. Everyone is very impressed, except his bodyguards, who roll their eyes. However, Shen agrees that this has promise, and says they came to the right guy. They plan to shut down some streets in Puyallup and have some escape routes out into the Ashlands if the cops come in hot. They’re scheming on a combo of arena bouts, as well as combat racing, but all with the “unarmed combat via a vehicle” angle. Exciting. The team heads over to Squick’s Vaults to check out their “secure storage” bolthole, and find it very much to their satisfaction: the owner, Squick, seems grumpy, watchful, and paranoid, and the onsite security measures look beefy, and their unit seems exactly as promised.

Creature wants to deliver the package given to xyr by Eletheria, so the team rents a speedboat and heads out to Blake Island, where they meet a steely-eyed STV lawyer named Eva Mari, who seems amused to see Tabasco, as she appears to have been the fund manager on his unofficial bereavement settlement from ARES. Creature passes over the package, and Mari scans it with a sensor -covered cyberhand, and the team can see reflected data flow across her cyber-eyes. She says all looks in order, and congratulates River Guard Investments in being the new owners of the private island, a former state park. It seems the Sea Dragon now owns an island in the Sound….

Mari gripes a bit as she boards a VTOL drone about STV not being willing to spring for a chopper for her. Shortly thereafter, a dwarf woman with a shark-y aspect wearing only a loincloth, swims up to the island, and introduces herself as G-Dub. Tabasco recognizes her gang tat’s as signifying her as a longterm member of the Red Hot Nukes who recently left the gang on good terms. She tells Creature that she has been put in charge of security for the island, as well as assessing it’s condition, but that the team’s welcome to hang there for a while if they wish. G-Dub admires TT’s bod as he strips down to sunbath, Kit stays with/in the boat, and the rest of the team takes advantage of the low tide to explore some narrow exposed tunnels riddling the shoreline.

Assensing, Aradia detects some sort of incredibly pure water magic source deep in the tunnels, and assumes that there’s either a metaplanar connection or a leyline somewhere, but they fail to find their way there. Summoning some water spirits to help them escape before the tides come in, Aradia finds they come out much more powerful than expected, due to the local aspect. Creature plans to return and explore further in Drake form and explore more, noticing that the tunnels seems almost perfectly sized for that. The island life is starting to convince Kit that being friends with the Sea Dragon might not be the worst…

They had back to land, and follow up on another thread: the Shadow Chapters. Tabasco uses Flipside to get a meet with Mrs. Snow, at a neutral downtown spot called Cuppa Joe’s. They meet Snow, and albino elf who play it up, in a secure room in the back, and have a not fully conclusive meeting where they try to push her on disappearances and potentially creepy local SC behavior, and she explains they aren’t in Chicago anymore, and that without a common enemy it will be a lot harder to unite everyone behind the idea, so they’ll have to work a little more harshly to get it done here. The team agrees to work with her but remains untrusting. She also essentially admits that they are doing some personality alterations to some local figures who are useful in the economy/scale but were not reliable, previously, like Flipside. Kit already has a couple recruits to the cause though, and Snow seems mostly friendly and like she’s trying to explain different realities to them, rather than manipulate them. She gives them a few initial tasks to look into when they have time.

Aradia decides she wants to look into some strange “entropy circles” that have cropped up around Auburn once each of the last 3 full moons, and the team does some matrix research and goes and looks at them and takes Quicksilver photos. Aradia determines that whatever is being done has some sort of Luna/Comet connection, and creates a perfect spherical radius of entropy that not only drains anything caught inside it of life, but also completely destroys the manasphere inside it as well, and that it seems to only be healing VERY slowly. Worrying! They look up the next full moon, and plan to do some more research in the next few weeks before returning to perhaps catch someone in the act. They think it might be toxies of some sort, given the proximity to the very polluted Lake Tapps.

TT checks in with Eletheria, and arranges to reach out on the Sea Dragon’s behalf to the Lorekeepers, in further seeking out the “Deep City”. He pays another visit to the Vault of Lore, solo to make sure he gets in. He speaks to Ned again, and Ned agrees to at least share research in exchange for an appropriate contribution. TT contributes some original research of his to a guestbook, which magically sorts it into an appropriate section, and Ned explains that the gift was a book from a librarian at the Seelie Court who came to visit once, seeking some esoteric info. He also tells TT a bit more about the history of the Vault and the Lorekeepers, and their connections to the indigenous shamans at Uluru in Australia, who taught them some of the ritual magic they use to keep the Vault secure but still accessible. TT reports in and Eletheria says she will acquire an appropriate initial gift from the Sea Dragon’s hoard while the Lorekeepers discuss a further alliance.

Creature wants to start checking out the local paracritter scene, so they head up to Blackstone’s in Snohomish, and find that it unfortunately seems to be owned/operated by metaracists, given it’s seemingly intentionally un-troll-friendly design. TT shrugs it off and they learn a decent bit looking at both the zoo and museum portions. Tabasco stays outside, spotting a small runner crew, all human, with some customized dart rifles, seemingly transferring some caged beasts to and from the facility. The team heard rumors that this place helped with import papers and supplied some of the fighting beasts to the Coliseum, and assume this must be part of that. Tabasco mentally designs a tracking arrow with a detaching shaft, to be able to quietly track vehicles like this in the future. The human members have a revealing convo with the nightshift front desk employee, further confirming the metaracist vibes of the spot. Creature is disappointed overall, but got to see a lot of new critters xe had only read about, so still some exciting inspo at least.

Feeling like the night’s still young (it’s not) the team wakes up Tommy Vermont in his apartment/office in Stuck’s, and hires him on to makes some introductions for them, to try and get the stuff they need to get into Van Der Hum’s vault under Stuck’s casino. Vermont suggests they cut Stuck in via Ranya Zhong and just try to gain legit access, as Stuck would take it poorly if they acted against his security. He also puts them in touch with the Black Knight leader/KE detective Tosh Athack, who agrees to meet them the next morning at the Big Rhino downtown. The team finally crashes out after a long day, scattered around between safehouses.

The next day Tabasco and Aradia rally to head to the meeting and find Athack, a very buff troll, wolfing down some food at the restaurant. In exchange for VDH’s “little black book” of clients, sales, etc that he always kept offline in the vault, Athack agrees to get biosamples and his signet ring out of evidence at the KE morgue where the body has thus far gone unclaimed, as the team needs these particulars to gain access, based on the info they got from reading Joygirl IX’s mind. Athack tells them he will need whatever he provides back at the end of the deal, but otherwise seems to be fully onboard- this could be some major evidence and /or leverage against some powerful individuals.

Seattle Staycation
4/4/2022, 12:06:23 PM
Runners
Carol Turpentine
Kitten Caboodle aka Kit
Creature
ThinkTank
Aradia
Tabasco

While day drinking after their semi-successful recon mission at The Joke, ThinkTank convinces most of the team that they should really take a vacation. As Tabasco and Carol don’t initially seem interested, they decide to plan a longer group trip for the future, and just each take a few days staycation around town to work on their own stuff for now. They hire 9Tails, Creep, Yoko Aruki and Kobold to do the actual run on the Iapetus lab, giving them all the info, and taking a small finder’s fee from the rate they negotiated with Annie. Their hired crew manages the job well, getting the data and finding out that the kidnapped awakened people are either turned into Yakuza killing machines or sacrificed in an attempt to trigger/copy awakening in others. Yoko kills all the scientists on site and burns the lab with white phos grenades, hating metahuman smuggling, and offers the team more work for Las Muñecas if they’re interested. Kit doesn’t approve of the high lethality but has a hard time arguing against the team, given the morality of that lab. Carol splits off for a bit to begin doing recon on the ARES lab raid job, and figuring out which employer to do it for.

With Annie’s help the team gets ahold of Giovanni Pentti, an MCT shadow fixer, and negotiate to not release the Iapetus data / publicize the experiments in exchange for MCT getting the Yak to stop kidnapping the awakened, leave Takashi alone, and not come after the team. Pentti agrees, and offers the team future work, appreciating their professionalism. After that they head into some time off, heading back to their various safehouses, though TT accidentally reveals to Tabasco that his mom killed his dad, so Tabasco needs some time to process. He decides he wants to have the team over, and consults with Emdachot Fahd, his building super/caretaker about updating his unit for guests, and she helps him take down his childhood posters and racecar bed, basically his only furniture, and replace them with a new generic flatpack condo set. Unfortunately, Tabasco leaves his eyes connected to the TacNet so the team sees what he’s up to and Kit especially gets pretty depressed about how he’s been living.

The crew heads out to meet up with Covalent, following up on Vogel’s reco for a safehouse for the sub when it arrives. They find a strange, animalistic man living in an abandoned, moldering mansion on Fox Island, and make a deal to trade him certain Tarot cards for his assistance. He seems to have very powerful magic and some kind of animal form but the team can’t quite figure him out. He seems to want to fuck with the Seelie Court, fairly explicitly, and the team’s latent connections to the Unseelie seem to reassure him. Kit arranges to return to help guide the sub in in a few days. They then head to Eletheria and finally meet up with her, check in about Sea Dragon jobs, and get a few further tasks. She’s using a formerly sunken luxury yacht as a safehouse, which it seems like the Sea Dragon brought up off the ocean floor and only patched up the outside, the inside still shows many signs of longterm water damage and rust. But the meeting goes well. Creature arranges to do some drake lessons with Eletheria, and begins perfecting xyr abilities.

The team collabs on some research and Tarot analysis to seek out Van Der Hum’s hoard, and gets some good intel: the figure depicted on the card is a runner named “Joygirl IX” who is an amnesiac with expert impersonation skills and an unknown metatype. They reach out and offer to swap info, and she just happens to be in town, having just completed a job and not yet left on the next one. She reveals that she knows that she is on the card, having retrieved it on a run, which was what started her on Tarot investigations and on regaining what she can from her memory. She agrees to let Aradia mind probe her, with some contractual caveats about what Aradia/the team can do with the info, after checking the team’s street rep and finding it quite good.

They meet up in a tech and gear alley in Auburn near the Clone Zone mall, right down the block from Technicolor Wings’ local office, it seems like JGIX at least has the use of a small roll-up storage locker here, and it is maybe an in-town safehouse of sort- conveniently near the international smugglers. She has some drone security, concealed, that Tabasco and Creature spot while they are also doing overwatch, and Kit stays with the van, perusing the various wares for sale in the neighborhood and dropping some digital flyers for their “Glovebox” carboxing league that they’re trying to get going. TT and Aradia head in, and find JGIX waiting with an old Italian man sitting a ways back in the corner keeping an eye on things. Aradia probes her mind, and manages to break through a hidden magical partition where it looks like someone really tried to secret away some memories they couldn’t erase.

It seems she was hired on a job to access Van Der Hum’s hoard herself, some time ago, and managed to find out that it required both some bio-data and a fraternity signet ring (explaining the greek letters on the Tarot card) to access. It seems she gained access but whatever she found inside has been cleared. It seems like some unknown scientists (who were very careful to conceal faces and voices while detectable by her) used one of the early CFD experimental “cures” to effectively but crudely mind wipe and rebuild her with her current skills via skillwares and wires. This explains her occasionally somewhat rote way of negotiating, etc. It is unclear if Van Der Hum was the one who originally did this to her, or is she got mind-wiped twice, but she thanks them for the info and says she has a lot to think about. Kit manages to ID the old Italian as Fianchetto, a legendary spy and Jackpoint-er, who seems to have taken a shine to JGIX after working some jobs together, and has had her guestpost a few times to share Tarot info on the board.

Tabasco has everyone over to celebrate, and they all get VERY interested in what exactly is up with his life. It turns out his building super/caretaker Emdachot is an ex-Ork Underground freedom fighter (or terrorist, depending who you ask) with the Sons of Sauron. She owns up to it when they ask, but has intentionally damaged her face and fingerprints to make it harder to ID her. Tabasco realizes she basically always stays in the building too… he calls Don Michaels, who explains that she did him a favor a long time back, and he helped her get out of the life when she needed to. Satisfied, the team decides to let that lie, but chides Tabasco on his inability to cook for himself, do his own laundry etc. They find the building laundry room, and notice that there’s a hidden tunnel behind the dryer. Aradia uses pyschometry to figure out that it’s a secret Underground entrance, seemingly used by Emdachot’s family to move trog families around away from prying eyes.

Tabasco, his mind a bit blown from all these revelations about his life, drinks for the first time. The next day, Kit heads to Covalent’s rotting mansion to help guide the sub in, and is interested to see that Covalent seems to open up a portal to some sort of water plane to hide it in- a very secure safehouse indeed. He says if the team keeps paying him in other Tarot cards and the like, he will work other “miracles” for them too. The team chats with Takashi once they get ahold of him to tell him he’s safe from Yakuza threats, and he tells them he’s been hiding out in and around Glow City, and investigating both the Rusted Stilettos and some local toxic druids (not the Isotopes, interestingly) who seem to be kidnapping people and disappearing them through astral rifts, telling them to “embrace the glow.” They compare notes a bit and agree to collab on diving deeper into this eventually. It seems like Takashi is setting himself up as a bit of a do-gooder, and maintains his sunny attitiude, despite leaving a trail of extreme violence from his good deeds.

Kit logs off the call, disturbed again by the violence, but everyone else is stoked to hear he’s doing well, although a little worried about what he may be uncovering. Aradia, Kit and Tabasco head to Squeamish’s alchemy lab in Auburn, and pick up a Vault of Ages so that Aradia can start collecting ritual samples from targets that the team needs to magically effect and stashing them at the safehouse. They also make a disturbing introduction to the powerful alchemist, who seems like a real creepy weirdo but has a lot of useful intel and knowledge, and hints at available work and exciting projects, and seems like one of the least prejudiced against Monads people that Kit has met who have known that they are a Monad.

Think Tank, Tabasco and Aradia then head into the Underground, checking out Touristville and the various stalls, restaurants, trade bazaar’s, etc, eventually working their way to the Ork Underground, away from the more “official” policed portion. They find a monument to a runner who died protecting multiple families from a violent eviction, and note that is the man depicted on the Karma card. They are a bit inspired by his legend. They eventually find the Underground branch of Sticks and Stones, and TT gets chatted up by a nattily-dressed pimp, dealer, and fight promoter named Fancy Derek. As TT initially claims he’s not great at unarmed combat despite his size, Derek tries to get him to agree to take a fall, and Tabasco commiserates, having done so himself with complicated feelings about it still.

TT says that that is against his code, says that actually he’s decent at fighting, so Derek agrees to make some introductions for him in the Underground if he wins. He challenges the biggest and roughest looking of the Rooter gangers who are training there, a buff ork named Mariusz. TT throws him off by being friendly and asking questions instead of buying into the pre-fight shit-talking, and they agree to go for drinks after. TT wins the fight via a technicality, as Mariusz is quite skilled, but gets some solid hits in, and Derek says he’ll put the word out about a solid new troll in town on TT’s behalf. TT and the Rooters head out for drinks, but Mariusz tells Aradia and Tabasco to head back at this point, as the place they’re going isn’t friendly to unknown “smoothies.”

They hit up a bar even deeper in the Underground called the Watering Hole, and the Rooters warn TT about the Feral Underground areas, including a ghoul neighborhood, and the Depths- unexplored, unknown locales filled with danger and mystery. They hang in a back room at the bar, and TT admires the skilled dwarven carvings that someone has crudely modded to have more orkish faces. The Rooters get him to try the “Dunkelzahn hot” rat-on-a-stick, and impressed by his fortitude and lack of machoness around it, both, seem to accept him as a decent sort. They tell him to stick around a while, and take off. After TT has a chance to sober up just a bit from the Hurlg, he spots an eye watching him from a recess in the carvings.

A door swings open along a previously concealed seam, and a troll with a staff and cloak does a brief interview to make sure TT is acceptable, before taking him to the Vault of Lore, a legendary Undergound library maintained by an order of troll Lorekeepers. The troll, Ned, explains that they “sing the stone” to keep the passages to the VoL secret, especially with all the new interest in the Underground. He gives TT the tour, and TT notices that though the space appears built with dwarven craft, it is all sized for trolls as well, implying a past collab before the current schism in their cultures (or at least in the popular representation of such). He finds a comfortable reading nook commemorating a fallen runner named Christopher Toff that has a cozy chair, a small shelf, and some carvings of dragons, and settles in to peruse the library, finding some fascinating 4th World hints of something called “the Deep City” and something called “Kothan Kaer”.

He plans to dig deeper, but satisfied that he’s made a good first impression, calls it a day with plans to return, once he sees what it is that the Sea Dragon wants with this place. Ned tells him that as an assassin, he might be best used to preventatively protect the VoL’s secrets, and TT says he would be happy to do so.

Probing Sleeping Dragons
3/28/2022, 10:01:20 AM
Runners
Carol Turpentine
Kitten Caboodle aka Kit
Creature
ThinkTank
Aradia
Tabasco

The team links back up with Aradia, who has completed setting up her magical lodge at the safehouse, and compliments TT on his new slightly slicker looks. They rest up and Aradia also gets a task from the Sea Dragon: seek out a lost vault of a dead man who “wanted to be a dragon” based on the size of his hoard. The team decides to meet Tabasco in Puyallup again and go through with their kidnap and mind probe plan to get info from Han Liu of the Blue Dragons. They stop in Downtown to get Carol’s modded rifle back from Iva, who flirts heavily with Aradia until TT gets impatient and interrupts with a huge fart. They get back on the road, and meet Tabasco near the Sleeping Dragon, the BD’s clubhouse/vice den. Carol, Creature and Tabasco all surveil from some nearby roofs for a while, while TT keeps an eye on the area and also on Aradia, who goes astral to scout it out as well. Kit cruises around in the van to get a feel for the streets/escape routes/etc.

Not seeing much magic nearby, and seeing only 1 prospect tasked with guarding the bikes, Aradia makes Kit invisible and Kit sneaks up to the parked bikes and uses their nanite cloud to infiltrate the biggest and nicest one, surely Han Liu’s. Aradia disguises herself a bit and magically enhances her fashion before heading into the bar to seduce Han Liu. She manages it almost comically quickly, and gets him to take her for a ride on his bike. Tabasco calls in a favor from Stella K, the TM he rescued from Alice’s lab, who loops the bikes signal, making it look like it’s coming from a nearby Bump and Sleep love hotel. 2 more BD’s follow on bike’s discretely to keep an eye on the boss, but hang back a few blocks and don’t seem to notice anything wrong, but Tabasco stays back to keep an eye on them.

Aradia drugs Han, and Kit takes over the bike, steering it carefully to keep Han onboard since Aradia isn’t very strong. They head out to a barren spot in the Ashlands, and park the van and set up a little perimeter while Aradia mind probes the unconscious Han. They find out a lot of useful info: the Blue Dragons are picking up awakened victims kidnapped and sold by Alice and other gangs, and delivering them to a secret lab under a Yakuza bar downtown called The Joke. This all has to do with Project Iapetus, and Han knows that Takashi is wanted by the Yakuza in connection with this as well, but doesn’t know more than that. He seems insecure about his potential for advancement in the syndicate as he is an elf, and Aradia finds out that he has a cousin in the Ancients who he keeps in touch with, but can’t find any really juicy blackmail other than the normal crime stuff that the BD’s do.

They sneakily return Han and his bike to the love hotel, using one of the many entrances where the BD goons can’t see them. Hoping that Han will be too embarrassed to admit that he doesn’t remember anything, they call it job done and head out. Tabasco calls Annie, and updates her, she pays them and offers more cash for getting into the lab and finding out what the Yak is actually doing with the awakened there, and also any project data they can get. Worst case, it will maybe be some good leverage against MCT at some point, due to their past involvement. The team agrees, but calls it a day for now, inviting Tabasco back to the safehouse, though he has to sleep on a couch. He’s very impressed by the digs after initially being put off by the rural setting.

Aradia calls Simonetta Chandra, and suggests she get transferred to Seattle, which she reluctantly agrees to, as Aradia has her blackmailed successfully still. Tabasco hears from Butch, who fills him in the weird “mind/body separation” experiment that Alice seemed to be running, and it seems like Stella K got saved just in time, though from what is unclear, and also she has definitely been altered by the experience. Aradia also checks in with Lothan, who still isn’t doing super well but gives some reco’s for Seattle magical orders to learn spells from. The team calls up Patty C and Wingman to try to get Lothan some help and they say they’ll see what they can do, but years of being a dick seem to have effected a bit who wants to go out of their way for him. The team also hires Creep and 9Tails to track down Takashi and warn him to lay low, and to give a location non-specific update on how he’s doing.

The next day, they drop Aradia off at the Mana schoolhouse in West Redmond, with Tabasco providing some warnings about what gangs to watch out for. Aradia manages to learn her spell quickly and get out of there, but does end up chatting a bit with a ‘Weener razorgirl named Borderline. She then gets an armored cab ride from Bernie Carter over to meet up with the team. Meanwhile, the team has been hanging out at The Joke and scoping it out. They know from Han where the secret garage entrance is off the back alley, but it looks pretty high security, so they want to scout out the inside a bit more. They do some karaoke and drink as a cover, and figure out that one of the 3 elevators in the elevator bank goes below ground, as well as servicing the MCT extra-territorial housing units above. The floor is reinforced enough that Tabasco can’t see through it with radar, and Carol see that the elevator is activated with a palm-print and key reader, unclear if it’s either or both since the staff keeps chasing them away from the elevator area.

They eventually get kicked out for being a little too snoopy, and Aradia walks right by them to go in when she arrives, to finish the recon. She spots a mana barrier on the down elevator, but nothing else of note. They all link back up at the Alabaster Maiden to grab another drink, in case anyone is seeing where they go next, as they want to just look like day drunks and not runners on a recon mission. Creature spots a Talis cat near the kitchen, and joins it sitting in a weak sunbeam, which the cat seems fine with. They discuss taking some time off soon to go on a little vacation somewhere, though it’s unclear if all of them want to, or want to go to the same places if so.

Settling in to Seattle
3/21/2022, 4:49:37 PM
Runners
Carol Turpentine
Kitten Caboodle aka Kit
Creature
ThinkTank
Aradia
and introducing: Tabasco (for his backstory see: Meanwhile in Seattle)

The team sets up at Finn Safehouse #4, and Carol buys a jet ski to zip around on the small lake they’re adjacent to. They’re up in some wooded mountains, near the border, on a pretty isolated road, but they have a lot of space and the custom gear they requested. Aradia announces her plan to hang there for a while, get acclimated, and set up her magical lodge onsite for ritual use and cursing. The rest of the team decides to cruise around a bit the next day and get a feel for the town before committing to anything too hard.

They rest well, and some have dreams: TT gets a task from the Sea Dragon to find and contact the Vault of Lore, in exchange for unspecified reward, Creature gets a few tasks to reach out to local changelings and weirdo’s on the SD’s behalf, and Kit gets a task to look into some group called the First Union. They are all also told to contact a woman named Eletheria at the Downtown docks as the local agent for the SD, but to keep Eletheria’s affiliation to themselves. Carol has a dreamless sleep. Takashi reports in, without a location as requested, and says he is appreciating the local terroir and learning about himself. Ken Ichiro also calls and warns Kit subtly that his team’s involvement in bringing Takashi is known, and might be forgiven by the local Yak if they turn Takashi over. They debate what to do but don’t decide yet, wanting more info.

They call around a bit the next day to feel out what jobs are around in addition to the ones they have already been offered, and decide to meet up with a local guy that Imaginary Annie wants them to work with, an archer named Tabasco. They link up at the Reverse Mullet in Redmond, and feel each other out. Tabasco realizes that this is the team that he saw take out a Yak cybersoldier on that vid from the SSC, and is suitably impressed. He’s accidentally a little snobby about Carol’s mixed grade cyberware, but then is very disturbed/impressed when Carol turns out to know secret ARES info about his missing parents.

Tabasco gives the team the local rundown, and says he can introduce them to useful contacts etc as needed. To start, they head Downtown to drop off Carol’s rifle with Iva to give it a powered breakdown function for easier smuggling, and Iva seems turned on by danger as per usual, and is fully gothed out. They next head South to Puyallup, and go to Riot and Butch’s clinic to get TT some cosmetic surgery to make him less recognizable, hoping to limit future CIA attempts on his life. While TT is under, Kit makes friends with Hans Yolo who seems interested in helping start a car-boxing league, and Carol buys a new more portable SMG from Don Michaels, quickly delivered by a Cutters moto-courier.

Kit hangs back to chat with Yolo and keep an eye on the clinic, while Tabasco, Creature, and Carol go roof-jumping. They spots some Reality Hackers throwing up anti-Yak tags, but seemingly trying to make it look like the Vory did it, and also spot some tensions inside the Ancients, both between 3 internal factions (which seems competitive but mostly friendly) and between them and the Laesa, which seems less friendly- something may be up there. They also make some calls and start looking into the missing magical people angle, and Tabasco finally gets ahold of Mongoose.

She gives them some good Yak/Blue Dragons intel, and they make a plan to grab Han Liu, the BD leader, and get Aradia to pull the info they need out of his head. Feeling good about the whole situation, they get Tabasco to read and sign the group norms, and Carol breaks the bad news about Tabasco’s parents to him: his dad is for sure dead, and his mom is “missing” (Carol has put together that Tabasco’s mom was the embedded bodyguard who killed his dad to prevent his capture by another corp, but doesn’t tell Tabasco that part). They all head home to rest up, agreeing to start their investigation tomorrow. Tabasco sticks with his condo for now, not joining them at the safe house. The runners are delighted to find a spirit of water present in their lake, who the Sea Dragon has tasked with providing security assistance, but who also seems happy to make waves for Carol’s jet ski. TT looks slightly more traditionally handsome post-surgery and a bit younger, but nothing too drastic.

Hot To Trot
3/14/2022, 9:45:08 PM
Runners
Carol Turpentine
Kitten Caboodle aka Kit
Creature
ThinkTank
Aradia

The team chills for a few days at Artemis base on Luna while figuring out their next steps. Since it seems like there’s plenty of work in Seattle and noone has any other pressing concerns, aside from ThinkTank’s desire for a vacation, they agree to head there after a stopoff in Chicago to grab their extra gear from Ahabitat. They sell off most of their space equipment, and ride the space elevator back to the Atlantic base platform, finding that the sub seems to have been left alone in their absence. They all pile in and motor for Chicago. Kit, while noticing that the waters seem to be actively assisting their travels, reluctantly agrees to the Sea Dragon’s request to participate with the Renegade Works rigger design collective that she is funding, and share some of his odd designs.

They get some various Seattle contacts from friends and connections in Chicago, and get some lines on a first few jobs for their arrival. They also pick up a coyote job from Mrs. Clean, which conveniently includes smuggling and border intel to allow them to drive to Seattle across the various NAN with all their illicit gear. They restock on some drugs and ammo, and get Goober to add a few more upgrades and hidden compartments to the van, and and roll out. TT is glad to be back on Earth. Creature hides in the smuggling compartment during the border crossings, worried that xe is way too identifiable/memorable, but everyone else just uses their best clean SIN, and they pass through the AMC and enter the SSC without any issue.

They reach the small, rundown town in the SSC where the pickup is, and find some camera info from a DNR wildlife cam showing that their target is waiting for them in the single bar in town. They head in, Carol makes contact with the appropriate code phrase, and they head out to the van, just as it comes under attack from a strike team. The van is nearly wrecked, and the team, caught off guard, is under-armed and armored and nearly knocked out of the fight in the first round before they rally and manage to drive off the attackers, killing one before the other two flee into the nearby woods with spirits and grenade traps covering their escape.

They get back on the road, not wanting to wait around and see what shows up in terms of local law enforcement, though the van and much of their armor is pretty shredded. They head further into the mountains along the smuggling route, and are making good time until they stopped by a tall figure made of flaming straw standing across the road and telling them in Salish that they can’t pass until the Sacred Hunt is done. Kit figures out a backroad/offroad way around, but Carol decides he wants to help with the Hunt and convinces everyone else to go along with it. Kit cleverly uses the van’s Ruthenium coating (with Aradia and Creature’s tips) to make a mirrored side with various false faces floating in it, tricking the approaching horde of basilisks into paralyzing themselves as they are herded up the road.

Along with 2 pursuing adepts, the team makes quick work of the the horde after that, and gets thanks from a hunter/guide named Bug Tussle and a Bear shaman named Caria Alten who were there to support the 2 young adepts in case anything went awry. Caria patches them up a bit and send them on their way. Their “package” Takashi takes this opportunity to tell them that he is detectably radioactive due to his interior low-yield reactor power source, as he wanted to check they had a plan to get him safely into Seattle- any kind of checkpoint won’t work, for sure. They all get a little worried, and convince him to climb into one of the spacesuits they kept to benefit from the radiation shielding.

They keep following the route, and Kit finds an entrance into some huge runoff tunnels on some massive mechanized farms along the border, and carefully follows the detailed directions from there until they connect with the outer edge of Greater Seattle’s sewer grid. They run into a ghoul ambush, and sadly spot the smuggler who was originally supposed to have done this run, who seems to have turned into a feral ghoul. Carol, using very lethal Ex-Ex, and Kit, using non-lethal stick and shock, manage to hold back the mass of ferals long enough for Kit to smash through the junk barricade they’d set up, and avoid whatever sentient ghouls/beings were behind this whole trap.

Reaching the bar in Touristville, they link up with Jamaal Quigley, the local Sierra Corp contact who’s taking Takashi off their hands. Overall they’ve had a real nice time with Takashi, who seems like a fun blank slate with a nice disposition, and Aradia manages to glean some info about a secret Yakuza/MCT project from a deep mind read that he consents to. Kit tells him not to tell the team exactly where he ends up but to keep in touch, as Kit has some MCT loyalties and doesn’t want to have to compromise either. Quigley gives them the second part of the pay: a recommendation to the exclusive secure storage facility in Puyallup called Squick’s Vaults, and also recommending various safehouses and giving them a little bit of a lay of the land.

During this convo, an assassin enter the bar and almost kills ThinkTank with a toxin dart, but luckily Carol manages to dive in the way and block it with his armor. Carol, on skates, and Kit, in the van, give chase as the assassin flees with an accomplice on motorcycle. Carol tries to jump on the back and falls on his face in front of a bunch of kids playing soccer outside, who mock him thoroughly. Kit manages to catch up but almost gets the van wrecked when they chuck a magnet grenade at them, which they barely manage to deflect with the van arm, which is badly damaged. Fearing further injury, Kit breaks off pursuit.

TT surmises that the CIA must have put a bounty out on him, and confirms that an area alert went out for him on Neutral Ground just before the assassin arrived. They quickly settle on a choice of safehouse in east Redmond, and put in their order for special equipment as they head out, realizing TT will need some disguises or surgery to keep a lower profile going forward. Luckily he’s good at blending in in a crowd, and there’s lots more trolls in Seattle than in space…

The Call of the Void
3/7/2022, 6:29:11 PM
Runners
Carol Turpentine
Kitten Caboodle aka Kit
Creature
ThinkTank
Aradia
and goodbye to: Foghairal ke’Coille

The team can’t sort out what to do with the data right away, so they decide to finish up all their missions and then sort it out. Most of the team head for Zurich Orbital after leaving basically all their gear in a rented hotel room at Artemis base on Luna. Kit, refusing to participate in a hit, luckily gets a call from Fagus Sol while monitoring the gear, and heads to Darkside Junction to investigate an astronomer’s mysterious death. The team on ZO gets a tour after Foggy uses the local STV branch to rep her as a visiting dignitary (not really even a lie), and then do a bunch of research on Fentin. With the help of a comatose technomancer who works for STV and spends her entire life in the ZO matrix, they plant some falsified and altered evidence of nefarious activity on Fentin’s part, and also publicize a statement he posted on Jackpoint when he got membership some years ago. Hotkey helps with some hacking since he’s also on the line with the Tan Robes to get this done.

They stir up a scandal by making it look like GOD is trying to cover up creepy behavior and abuse of power on Fentin’s part, and station security uses the opportunity to seize some power in their ongoing competition, and gets Fentin sent downwell in custody to face charges. He likely would have gotten his named cleared from the investigation had he survived the trip, but the Tan Robes mash him into a fine mist inside his transit cell as soon as he enters the manasphere. So that’s job done, and Carol gets a creepy smiley face text from an anonymous number, so he figures they’re good.

Foggy announces that’s she’s headed back downwell and to the Seelie Court, after convincing the team to give her the Spirit of the City info re: Chicago as payment for helping with the hit. She invites them to visit sometime, but Carol’s not sure he’d be welcome since he did some major work for the Unseelie last time he was there. However, Foggy has sworn to ensure that both STV and ARES get at least the opportunity to establish a successful presence at Court, and will likely be a useful ally given the nearly sure rise through the ranks she will be able to engineer upon her return given the info and artifacts she is bringing with her.

Meanwhile, on Darkside, Kit begins their investigation- they link up with a local info broker, Maxine Omega, who they found on Asgard Data Haven. Asking some questions, Kit is socially out-maneuvered and agrees to share their investigation info. Kit heads to the astronomer’s lab, and finds evidence that nanites and an EMP were used, implying tech-savvy attackers but not Monads. The data has all been trashed but some various scattered notes give Kit the name of another astronomer and some Tarot cards the astronomer was looking into.

Checking back in with Omega, Kit gets a tip as to some strange folks who just came through seemingly posing as miners, flying a salvage ship in mediocre shape. Checking their purchase logs, Kit finds that they bought up a ton of unprocessed high-magnetism metals from various brokerages around the station before leaving- so not real miners. Plotting their trajectory, Kit determines that they’re headed towards Jupiter. Calling the other astronomer, Kit finds out that the dead man, Ivan Orloff, was worried about Tarot hints about 5 meteors speeding into the outer system. She says she took a look due to his concern but they aren’t on an impact trajectory so she isn’t sure what the issue is.

Kit takes another look, and realizes that with a mining ship full of highly magnetic material, and Jupiter’s dense magnetosphere, and the fact that the ship and meteors will intersect just before the meteors would otherwise bypass Jupiter, implies that they are planning to try to divert the meteors. Kit confirms that this would result in them slingshotting into a new trajectory on an impact course with Earth in about 1 year. They call Fargus Sol and report in, and Sol confirms that there is a new Logos spinoff cult called “Call of the Void” dedicated to destroying human life on earth, which matches some graffiti Kit found at the murder scene.

This all also seems to line up with the info in Prophecy 10, and Kit manages to buy one of the 2 missing cards from Orloff’s list off of Omega, and Sol gets a painting of another from the seer Emily Llanfrechfa. They start planning how to intervene based on Kit’s know-how and info in the Prophecy. Kit also arranges to sell the plants they rescued from the ARES station to Sol, who arranges for an agent in space to pick them up, and quickly reports back that it’s good they sold them to him- one of the plants is from Vhortas, and likely explains their rapid growth, the shaman’s corruption and the rapid corruption of the staff, and the fact that the plants seemed to be eagerly drinking blood. Disturbing.

The team links back up and figures out what to do with the rest of the pay data. They sell info on Null Sect/Hitsec Burn/Isabella Boone to Holmes/EVO, and pass on some info about mana on the Moon to Dr. Dyna Mite, who seems excited about the info, and says that she is investigating other astral transit possibilities involving spectral trains. Having read about some of these in the team file from Denver, some of them are a little concerned but others are excited… The team also loses some loyalty with Sarah Silverleaf as they tell her they can’t tell her what they found at the NeoNET abandoned moon base, and assume she will be sending another team out ASAP.

They decide to tell Vogel what happened on Daedelus station, and he thanks for sharing the info and gives Carol some more positive reinforcement, and suggests that under his leadership, there will be a good space for Carol and other people who help him. They sell the info, as well as the recovered data drive, to Candice, to maintain that contact and try to get the max pay, assuming that ARES likely had backups of most/all of the data anyways. They get a significant payday, and prepare to head back downwell via the space elevator to head to Seattle for some of the various work they’ve been offered there.

On The Float
2/28/2022, 8:05:02 PM
Runners
Carol Turpentine
Kitten Caboodle aka Kit
Creature
ThinkTank
Aradia
and a guest appearance from: Foghairal ke’Coille

Having rested up and restocked after the explosive revelations (and explosions) of their last run, they stock up on gear, and start prepping to investigate ARES’ possibly bug-infested Daedelus station. They contact a hireable smuggler in the Space Rescue Service, and also pay Orbital DK to do some recon hacking for them, confirming that only drone deliveries have arrived at the station on the automated schedule for the last week, and that noone has been seen leaving during that time. They also take stock of some of their various paydata but decide to hold onto it for now. Kit plots out some orbital dynamics, and they pay the SRS smuggler to get some armor mods for them in order to make themselves as invisible as possible on their approach. They also craft some jury-rig javelins for ThinkTank.

Boarding the SRS craft, it takes them in a loop out towards Darkside Junction, and they all jump out, using Void Black, Ruthenium, or Electrochromic armor mods to blend in with the background, and following Kit’s carefully plotted plan, all manage to make their landings on the ARES station surface without bouncing off into the black. Carol and Kit, with some of the more advanced stealth mods, sneak up to the single exterior airlock, and Kit loops the camera feed there, although it seems to be powered down currently.

The airlock seems to be running in an emergency power mode, and Kit manages to bypass it with nanites. They get inside and find an orderly stack of delivery crates, seemingly the automated deliveries they’d spotted in ODK’s hack recon. Deciding they might as well forage, TT pops open the crates with the crowbars, stressing out some on the team who are worried about traps and defenses. Luckily, nothing springs out at them, and they find a pair of ARES laser pistols, as well as some KEV ammo and pheromones- seemingly either stolen or copied from AZT tech in Chicago, and some more generic resupply stock- parts, garden/greenhouse equipment, calorie rich and dense nutrient blocks.

They explore further, and find the that area of the station they are in is an outer shell fully surrounding and concealing an inner core, accessible through 4 interior airlocks. Aradia can detect a faint trace of magic coming from within. The area they’re in has been vented, and they see that security bars have sealed all 4 airlocks so they could only be opened from the outside. They find a corpse who looks to be early in a hybrid transformation but has killed themselves with a laser pistol, burning out the battery and slagging the gun by taping the trigger down, which likely caused an automated alert to deliver a resupply.

Using her new psychometry ability, Aradia gets the general story: this figure appears to have escaped whatever disaster struck the inner area, and made it out here to trigger the station shutdown to prevent an outbreak, but was too far gone to save themselves. Worried about what they might find, they cautiously enter the center area. Foggy especially is a bit concerned, as she has gained so much valuable knowledge (as well as artifacts) which would be lost with her death.

They press on, and find an aggressive, overwhelming amount of growth- it seems that generations of careful breeding and the introduction of awakened plants has allowed ARES to keep a stable manasphere alive in space, as Vogel had suggested, but that without maintenance the plants are taking over. Aradia pauses to take a Quicksilver picture, but using some mana seems to attract more hyrbrid flesh forms- fairly mindless but dangerous. They manage to take the first few out, and see that they are wearing shredded ARES Space uniforms.They investigate further and find a trashed lab with all the servers wrecked pretty thoroughly, and a digital whiteboard note saying that the Shaman was corrupted, seemingly from the laser suicide person.

Using Carol’s incredible senses and Aradia’s assensing, they decide to carefully ambush as many hybrids as they can throughout this area before continuing in to yet another airlocked central area. This mostly goes well, except for Kit, who gets sliced up pretty bad and luckily has patch kits and know-how to fix their suit. Between corpses they find (a combo of laser and bug wounds) and hybrids they kill, Kit thinks they’ve accounted for the whole crew complement, aside from the Shaman. TT breaks through the security seals to the inner chamber using the fluid motion ram, and they enter, finding a man in ARES armor standing atop a floating staircase, just on the other side of what seems to be a stable portal.

Acting quickly on instinct, Carol tells the figure that he is here from ARES and asks for a report. The figure seems to believe him once Carol drops his name, and breaks down what happened here- the station Shaman was corrupted by whispers from the portal, which connects to Vhortas. The Shaman then began corrupting other and sabotaging the station, too quickly and subtly to be effectively stopped. He also stole the data and trashed the lab before fleeing into the portal, seemingly thinking it a likelier method of escape that tightly monitored space flight. However, the figure explains that he managed to hunt the Shaman down and eliminate him. He passes over a flash drive with the station data on it for Carol to bring back to corporate.

He also tells Carol to close the portal and tell ARES that he and the other Project: Pyro survivors will continue their work as long as they survive. He explains that the Excalibur wasn’t a total failure after all, and complements Carol on having helped design a solid manaweapon, and tells the tale of how he and other Firewatch “volunteers” were transformed in such a way as to allow them to exist as scouts and assassins on the insect plane, but that this prevents them from ever returning to the material plane without evanescing. He asks them to tell Ellis that he is sorry, before fading back into the wispy surface of the portal. The team pushes the KEV ammo and pheromone crate inside before heading out, in case he or others come looking for resupply.

Kit hyper-oxygenates the air from the outer ring, and Aradia use one of the lasers to light the inner area on fire. They hang around for a bit until Aradia confirms the manasphere and portal are dead and gone using the Quicksilver camera. They decide to stay radio dark and leap free before calling for a ride, so Kit plots another trajectory out, and they grab the remaining crates of supplies to use as barter with their SRS smuggler. Leaping free of the station, they manage to get in a slightly higher stationary-ish orbit, and call for “rescue” a bit later. They get picked up, negotiate fees, and head back to Artemis base on Luna.

They start taking some group walks outside to debate what to do, and for now decide to trade some paydata to ODK to gain membership on the Asgard Data Haven, as they seem to have lots of useful space info. They also start perusing the flash drive, which has a LOT of dangerous info on it. Also, Kit insisted on rescuing two plants from the inner area, so they need to decide what to do with those as well.

Intrigue, Treachery, and LUNAcy
2/21/2022, 8:24:11 PM
Runners
Carol Turpentine
Kitten Caboodle aka Kit
Creature
ThinkTank
Aradia
and a guest appearance from: Foghairal ke’Coille

The team, still reeling from their major discoveries, heads back to ARES’ Artemis base and gets paid out by ARES Corporate after Foggy vows her courtly assistance. They rest up, recharge their oxygen supplies, and plan the next day’s excursion. They buy some various industrial and survival gear to allow them to gain access to the old, abandoned NeoNET base in order to scope it out, and plan to pick up the Monad EVO deserter and give her a ride wherever she needs to go. To that end, Aradia chats up the sole local bartender, and gets access to a secret stash of drugs, though it seems to mostly be various amphetamines and BTL chips. She also convinces the bartender to put her in touch with his smuggler contact, who seems to be a member of the Space Rescue Service, maybe a useful person to know. TT pays a lot of money to rent a nicer hotel room than the coffin-sized bunks the rest of the team sleeps in, and gets a tiny window with a lovely view.

They head out and aim for the rendezvous point that Kit had deciphered. They quickly spot a figure in a moon-camo cloak approaching. She hops aboard and they chat a bit before Kit gets suspicious that she doesn’t know the location of the secret Monad transfer station in-system. Remo confirms that he had already sent that to her, and noticing their suspicion, the “Monad” fires some rockets from a gyrojet into the buggy, wrecking it. The team gets in an upclose knife and fist fight with her, with her luckily only managing to get shots off on TT and Carol, who had the improved armor spacesuits on.

Creature gets a solid garrotte attack (finally!) and TT smashes open their opponents face shield, disturbingly finding a corpse within. Kit had noticed that the body was moving a bit mechanically and had wildly good matrix defenses, and believes they just fought a true AI of some sort thast was rigging the body. Also the oxygen was all drained from the suit to limit decomp after what looks like a death from laser. The body is the person they were supposed to meet though. Before they have much time to think, they get a wideband message bearing the signs of Null Sect involvement, and the corpse explodes, fully destroying the buggy, and leaving them stranded on the darkside of the moon with minimal gear. Luckily they manage to salvage most of their new equipment, and they decide to hoof it for the NN base.

While walking, they decide to follow up on some Tarot hints from the Trader, and finds the second half of Prophecy 9, as well as a lengthy new Prophecy 10, haven been released online from wherever Hansu wound up. 9 seems to refer to some Dis-related stuff, and possibly tie into Jasper de Howlie’s prophecy of the First Expedition, and P10 seems to imply that some sort of dangerous impact event is headed Earth’s way. They start analyzing the prophecy and the potentially related cards they’ve seen, and looking for hints, though Kit is really trying to ignore it all and just play “Marry Me…”

They get to the abandoned base and gain access in time, barely, and recharge some oxygen from a picked-over garage area that they gain access to. Exploring further, they find a smuggler’s cache, what looks like some emergency safehouse sleeping spots, and a relay for Asgard Data Haven (which Carol tags, in a friendly way). They then find an intact kind of jury-rigged greenhouse/oxygen recycler, and following some ductwork find a retrofitted interior airlock blocking off the final area of the base. Carol, recognizing it as ARES manufacture and spotting a concealed camera that definitely saw them, starts broadcasting his legal SIN and gets a surprised greeting from the presumed-dead eco-activist and ARES board member Arthur Vogel.

The dwarf, seemingly having secretly survived the bombing that was claimed to have killed him, ushers them in after they all submit to a UV sterilization (after confirming that none are vamps). He has 2 armored guards standing casually nearby, but given their gauss rifle armaments, they seem ready for trouble if it comes. There is also a massive surgical suite and autodoc, which Vogel sets to making them all some tea. He apologizes for the lack of facilities to host better, but suggests they all take a look out the window at Earth while they discuss what to do about the team discovering him here.

Based on his conversation and musings, Kit deduces that Vogel is edging into cyberpsychosis, of which he seems a bit aware, having needed extensive replacements following the assassination attempt, which he barely survived. After feeling Carol out, and giving him some much needed positive reinforcement, Vogel breaks it down for the team: he explains that ARES has managed to create a stable portal to Vhortas on a nearby space station, which has predictably gone wrong. The team shudders as investigating this very station is their next job… He also tells them about some of the experiments and programs ARES was up to there, and elsewhere.

He also explains an overview of Operation: Latvian Gambit, ARES’ plan to lure as many bugs (especially Queen’s, nymphs and shamans) to a “megahive” under Detroit, and then destroy them all using their new “perfected” Alpha man/bug soldier merges, from Project: Apex. Vogel is extremely skeptical that any of this will go to plan, and says that after Damien Knight tried to have him killed, Knight lost the lone true dissenting voice left on the board, and has gone mad with power. Vogel is planning to make his return, and try to save Detroit as well as ARES, and asks the team to at least keep his secret, if not help him. He says he still needs time to get all the pieces in place, but ARES can’t know that any opponents know of their plans or they may try to act early, which could be even more disastrous. He also explains how one of Hansu’s other prophesies foretells this possibility, and shows how it is the only safe way forward for ARES. Kit, once again, is not into it.

Vogel says he understands they also were likely hired by someone to check out the NN base, and asks for a week to relocate before they report in, as well as leaving the specifics out of it. The team agrees, with some gaining favors, some gaining money, and Foggy getting the early research Vogel pioneered into making stable mana fields in outer space, which he seems sad that ARES corrupted to use solely for weapons, as with many things they do. Having agreed to terms, he gives them the name of a useful safehouse master in Seattle, and says he’ll be in touch when he needs them in Detroit. They head out, and decide to have Carol siphon off all their oxygen tanks and run back to Artemis base and get another buggy, rather than call for emergency pickup.

Carol manages it, just, and gets back and grabs everyone with no trouble. They pay up to the quartermaster at the base for the destroyed buggy after Carol talks him into a significant discount, and all rest up and get ready for the next mission: gaining access to this terrifying bug portal station….

Moon Mysteries
2/7/2022, 10:51:21 PM
Runners
Carol Turpentine
Kitten Caboodle aka Kit
Creature
ThinkTank
Aradia
and a guest appearance from: Foghairal ke’Coille

The team has one last hurrah in Chicago- at Kit’s suggestion most of the surviving members of the Shadow Chapters meet at the under-construciton Memorial site for a Masquerade, in order to break down the differences between roles etc. It goes well- finally a big meeting in Chicago that goes to plan! Creature breaks off from the group and accidentally destroys xyr clothes when xe decides to test xyr new power out and turns into a Sea Drake. Xe discovers some strange new abilities but seemingly can’t stay in this form for overly long without injury, so switches back, and reports into the team about being mostly nude in the Shattergraves and also now having a shapeshifter ability. Kit is a little skeptical, not being overly jazzed on dragon’s at the moment.

The team decides to keep Ahabitat for the moment, but give up the Bolthole, and sell some of their vehicles and drones. They order some gear, and use the environment in/around Ahabitat to get some training in space stuff from Kit. They call in their “free ride to space” chit with ARES and Kit navigates the sub to one of the equatorial Skyhook space elevators operated by the Corp Court. Kit rejects an offer from the Sea Dragon to receive her patronage in exchange for his contributions to a rigger collective she is funding. She seems somewhat affronted, and Kit says they’ll think on it. They dock at the Skyhook platform, and secure a docking slip with Carol’s ARES contacts. They leave some weapons and other illicit gear in the sub, and head out of the gravity well. Kit feels like they’re coming home, but it’s a strange experience for the rest.

At the orbital transfer station, they meet the Seelie Court rep they’d been told about: Foghairal ke’Coille, who Carol recognizes as being amongst the Queen’s retinue. They all agree to go to the moon first, and Foggy says she’ll assist them in their other missions if they help her on hers first. They board a shuttle and head to Luna, docking at Artemis station, owned by ARES. Carol calls in some favors from his brother, who seems surprised he’s in space but gets him a buggy and some other gear. They head out, relying on Carol’s memory of the Hakari Marama room at the Seelie Court and his conversations with Al’Farabi there, to try to track down the mysterious mana signs she spotted.

Aradia makes good use of the quicksilver camera to assist with this, and also take a photo of space (distressingly empty of mana) and Earth (a strong glowing mana orb with a hard cut to nothing around the edges). They fairly quickly uncover a rusted metal skeleton key, which Foggy ID’s as the Turnkey of Rust, an item that it is rumored can open any door the lost First Expedition to the Seelie Court entered. Searching some more, they find a mana web, which when photographed reveals it’s recorded signature- a door, seemingly on the moon, with some figures stumbling away from it, seemingly asphyxiating.

They continue searching, and find a small bone rod at the third and final site Carol recalls. This looks to be a Spirit Key, and the camera confirms something resides in it still- whether or not any services are left owed, who can say…. Extrapolating from the 3 points, the team realizes that they look like ejecta from a common point at their center, on the dark side. They head there, and Aradia manages to find a small bubble of mana which somehow exists there. Aradia and Foggy enter, and a strange spirit immediately jumps forth from the bone rod. None of the team has ever seen this type of spirit before, but it appears to be some sort of Trader.

IT starts talking to Aradia and Foggy, who somehow understand it inside the mana bubble, while those outside cannot make sense of the language transmitted on the TacNet. The spirit tells the 2 in the bubble that it will answer them 3 questions, after which they will use the key to open the door. They say “what door” and the spirit sweeps his arms and reveals the door they saw in the mana web. The team agrees, and the spirit insists one of them stay in the bubble with him while the team converses on how best to phrase the questions, and what to ask. They settle on their formulations, and ask away.

Inquiring what’s behind the door, the spirit ID’s it as the cityplane of Dis, which the team has heard of from some of 6Cyl’s ramblings of dreams and lost memories when he returned from the 9 Gates portal through Kadath. Although the Trader seems surprised at how much time has passed, he says that the time hasn’t come yet, but that perhaps their relative planes will align soon. The team decides they probably shouldn’t go through the door with the spirit since the only way 6Cyl and Aylin got back was via a bargain with Tohu Wa Bohu…..

For the second question, the Trader fills them in on the fate of the First Expedition, who apparently stumbled into Dis while trying to find the Seelie Court in the 2030’s, and the tried to bind the Trader to the spirit key to get back, but made a bad bargain, and ended up going through a door they shouldn’t have, and ending up on the moon, where they went mad and were dying, so the Trader calmly explains that he had to consume them to sustain himself, and then hid himself in the key and blew all 3 objects out, hoping someone would eventually retrieve and free him- and here they are! Foggy is delighted- this info will be hugely valuable at Court upon her return, and hopefully make up for her losing one of the Queen’s tarot…

3rd, they ask for the connection between outer space, astral space, and the Tarot. The Trader tells them that mana and space are anathema to one another, but that the Tarot does tie to both, and tells them to seek the words of their Prophet, who though mad, sees truth, and understands the constellations. He will not say more, and insists the team open the door. They offer to trade first, and Foggy gives up her tiara in exchange for the Comet Tarot card- huge deal at Court also! Aylin trades some spidergland silk for a strange grub from a jar, and Aradia swaps some novacoke for a potion of strength.

The Trader then insists on leaving, but says to look him up next time their planes align- Foggy uses the Turnkey to open the door, and Aradia manages to get a blurry pic of the chaotically sprawling massive cityplane of Dis as the Trader walks through, the door slamming shut and the mana bubble collapsing behind him. The team all feels pretty satisfied with how this first space mission worked out, and agree to keep working with Foggy for now, even though Foggy insists on keeping all the recovered artifacts. They negotiate a payment from ARES in exchange for Foggy boosting ARES’ corp rep at the Court.

They also decide they need to see if Hansu has dropped any new prophecies, and Carol begins wondering if Dis is some sort of strange fantasy equivalent of the cityplane of Zecorporatum.

Meanwhile in Seattle
2/4/2022, 9:01:41 PM
Runners
Introducing: Tabasco
with cameos by: Creep and 9 Tails

Tabasco, as a young man, lost both his parents in some sort of mysterious incident. Since their corp, ARES refused to officially declare them dead, he got a medium sized payout and the boot from his cushy corp housing, since he wasn’t old enough to sign up for employment and get himself a corp SIN. Luckily, his “uncle”/godfather Don Michael took a protective interest and got him a decent condo in Auburn where he could safely reside, complete his online education, and receive some cooking and cleaning oversight from Emdachot Fahd, a middle aged ork women who is the building’s super. Don Michael saw to it that Tabasco’s payout got invested decently by a financial assets manager at STV, Eva Mari, and the nest egg grew in value as Tabasco grew up.

Having done some investigation into his parent’s vanishing and come up short, he also stumbled down the matrix rabbit hole of investigating and becoming interested in shadowrunners, assassins, and the life of crime that seem to permeate Seattle. He paid his way into a membership on ShadowSEA as soon as he was able to access his funds, and got obsessed with the prolific assassin/runner Toast. He began to model himself after Toast, beginning to strengthen and quicken his body and taking up archery. He was already decent at sneaking and deceiving, as the condo building he lived in has seen better days, and begun a long decline in quality and security during his tenure. Luckily his unit is secure, and Emdachot still provides meals and cleaning, and Don Michael seems willing and able to secure him any oddities he requests.

Tabasco, needing somewhere to test his mettle, began participating in casual Urban Brawl matchups, and eventually got spotted by the scout and ex-Brawler Savannah Chiba, aka the Scarlet Widow, and recruited into the minor leagues. Feeling this was the sign he needed, Tabasco blew through most of the rest of his savings upgrading his body with some quality cyberware, which he is a bit snooty about. Chiba keeps hassling him to focus on the basics, but so far buying his way in has worked pretty well! He trains by day, and by night he obsessively trawls ShadowSEA, looking for info on Toast, his parents, or anything else that catches his eye.

Noticing a string of pawn shop (and similar reseller locales) break-ins in his area of Auburn, he decides to finally dip his toes into the shadows, and heads out in his Urban Brawl gear with his bow to investigate. Luckily, he landed the scout role on his team, so he has decent infiltration boosts from his gear. He sets up a patrol around some likely targets, and spots one break-in after it occurs. With no obvious alarms going, he breaks a window to trigger one and see what happens. Strangely, the cops don’t show, but some goons in bulky suits do. He overhears some of their conversation with their boss, and hears that apparently some jewels and some kind of valuable card were stolen. It looks like the folks who did it carefully avoided setting off the alarms, too.

Continuing on his patrol after taking some notes, he hears, but can’t see to spot, one voice conferring with another person, who seems to be responding silently. They spot him, and engage in some banter, laughing off his threats and bluster, before leaving him in the dust when he tries to chase: he’s fast enough, but lacks in tracking. He heads home, reads up on how to track better, and does some research. He finds out that goons in suits are Ciarniello mafia, who seem to have replaced the cops as they pulled back from his neighborhood as it began it’s slow descent into precarity. He reads up a bit on some of the syndicate wars that are simmering in Seattle at the moment, and pegs them for further research.

He also pays a ShadowSEA contact from some info on the 2 people he encountered: apparently a team of thieves named Creep and 9 Tails started working together in town recently, both are child-like changelings, but not much else is known. It seems, however, that a fixer named Van Der Hum was recently killed as a side casualty in an attempted mob hit, and his mysterious Hoard of artifacts, reagents, etc is much sought after. Tabasco decides to get some rest before practice, as the sun has come up.

He runs to practice along some of the disused hiking trails in Puyallup and arrives without incident, though Chiba chides him on his tardiness, as he needs to be early to compete in this game. They run through a practice with stun weaponry, and Tabasco does best on attack, and gets chided again for needing to improve his defense and stealth. He heads home, and cat naps before heading back out on patrol. He heads to the area where he almost caught up to the 2 thieves the night before, and finds a note written in lipstick.

Calling the included commcode, he gets ahold of the female speaker, and impresses her by ID-ing her as 9 Tails, and her partner as Creep. She gives him a hard time about sneaking around and liking to watch, before offering to cut him in on a job if he wants some nuyen. He agrees, and she tells him to look for these strange valuable cards, as well as any hints of Van Der Hum’s hoard location. She also says they can fence anything else valuable he lifts and cut him in on the profit. He agrees, tempted by the danger and intrigue. Picking out a likely lore store, he uses some arrows as impromptu B&E tools, which, while unconventional, does work. He manages to burn his way into a floor safe, and quickly skedaddles with some loot after he sets off and yanks down all the smoke detectors, alerting the proprietor upstairs.

He manages to get clear without any trouble, and sees a local gang, who he ID’s with a quick search as the Blood Brothers, showing up to help contain the fire and look for the perpetrator, so he flees across the rooftops. Once home, he checks his haul: some reagents and magical gewgaws he knows nothing about, and a strange Tarot card with a built-in holo-projector. Most strange, one of the figures on the card is his missing father. He calls 9 Tails and accuses her of playing a trick- she assures him she isn’t, and tells him to sell the card and not get overly involved. He convinces her to introduce him to their fence, and they set up a meet for tomorrow. He’ll have to be quick to not be late to practice!

He does a bit more research, and finds out there’s some weird gang activity and gun smuggling going on in Redmond, and also some people going missing: fixers, fences, and other runner-adjacent types, and also some Monads, TM’s and similar. The only locus he can find for any of this activity is the Iron Jungle club, downtown. He pins these for later and gets some rest. Heading to the meet the next day, he quickly realizes he has a problem- with no valid SIN, he’ll need to be very cautious traversing downtown to Pike Place Market. He just barely manages it, dodging corp scans and cops alike, and finally meets 9 Tails in the flesh.

She is, as advertised, a literal cat burglar- a child-sized SURGEd changeling with camouflage cat fur, a magical 3rd eye, and a seemingly unnatural ability to inspire dislike from animals. However, she approves him to go ahead with the meet, and nods to Creep, who looks to be a childlike gnome with no mouth, and seems to be sticking to the shadows. Tabasco heads over to a table in a nearby cafe, and meets the fence: Imaginary Annie, the Invisible Esquire.

Tabasco, not really knowing how this all actually works, passes over the Tarot card and asks some questions. Annie reveals that she’s done her homework and knows who he is, and offers to help him figure out the mystery of his parents if he helps her with some stuff. Plus, she’ll pay. For now, for the magical items and the card, she’ll get him a decent fake SIN so he can at least get safely around, and she gives him a couple of basic intro runner tips. He agrees to it all, and she gives him the rundown on some mysteries she wants solved and questions she wants answered: gang and syndicate activity, a strange luxury yacht, the missing people, and the missing Hoard. She tells him that she wants to be in a position of knowing who all the players are and what they’re up to before the upcoming Free Seattle referendum, which has been rumored but not yet announced.

He races off to practice, once again getting yelled at for being “late”. Since he decided he needed to be able to break down his bow to make it travel better, he’s also unarmed today, so Chiba tells him to focus on stealth and defense, and he comes up a bit short, taking a beating. She slaps him on a bruise as he’s leaving and tells him to remember the sting, to motivate him to improve. She has some kinds of disappointed mom vibes that seem really effective at getting him to do what she wants, so far. He heads home, heals up a bit, and thinks about what skills he needs to improve next, and what gear to prioritize acquiring….

He rests a bit at his condo, gets the newest gear he’s ordered from Don Michael, and decides to run to Downtown to link up with Creep and 9 Tails, figuring he’s pretty quick and he doesn’t want to use the private cab service that Chiba recommended for his first real shadowrun. It takes him 4 hours. They decide to look into the mysterious yacht first, and 9 Tails decide to hang back a bit, saying it’s got weird astral vibes- sort of a smell of the sea, but she can’t tell if anyone’ aboard. Creep and Tabasco sneak onboard, with Tabasco showing off with his hydraulic legs. They poke around and figure out that this is likely a gunrunner’s boat, based on some mods and Interpol info, strangely that particular gunrunner went missing aboard his yacht 2 decades back.

Rumors says, he made a lot of enemies and one of them was the Sea Dragon, and she claimed her prize. The yacht does look to have been submerged for some time and then magically repaired, so could check out. Seeing noone on the next deck down with his radar sensor, they head down. Creep sneaks into some vent shafts, his preferred locale, and they reach the bottom deck before someone reveals their presence- an elf women appears to be bathing nude in a seawater pool in the former engine room. Tabasco is stoked, but then upset to discover that the area jammer built into the yacht is preventing him from recording to his comm from his cybereyes… add internal router to the shopping list.

They find themselves sealed below decks with a large spirit to keep them there, so Tabasco decides to converse with the elf as she requested. He refuses to ID their Johnson, and she commends his professionalism, and says she expects the same courtesy. She confirms that she is an agent of the Sea Dragon called Eletheria, though she won’t say why she’s in town. She tells them to put her in touch with their hirer, as a conversation is obviously needed. They agree, and she lets them leave. 9 Tails seems to have the heebee geebees from a spirit encounter.

The night is still young so they decide to move onto the next investigation, and check out the Iron Jungle club since they’re already Downtown. They do some recon, and spot some ‘Weeners dealing drugs inside, and some Disassemblers waiting nearby in cleaner suits with a generic van. Creepy. Creep hops on the van roof with his magnet handle and waits to see if they go anywhere. 9 Tails and Tabasco head into the club, and find a Marry Me! room, some weird Toon viewing rooms, a dance area and a chill room. Tabasco looks around for any suspicious behavior, and see a couple leaving where one of them looks reaaaal messed up and the other doesn’t. He intercedes but they do actually seem to know each other and are just trying to get home.

He keeps eyes on them for a bit just in case, and then Creep reports the Disassembler van is on the move. The van pulls up next to the couple and the messed up women gets a weird maniacal look in her eyes and pushes her partner into the van, before collapsing limp as one of the gangers grabs her and hauls her in too. Creep hears some taser bursts and an auto-injector noise from outside, and hangs atop the van as it heads to Redmond, obeying traffic laws carefully. Tabasco checks in and realizes 9 Tails seems pretty out of it too, worried a bit he gets her to switch to astral and she snaps out of it. She says she took some random drugs she pick-pocketed, and then was watching Toons. Tabasco records a bit of the programming without actually watching it, just in case.

Atop the van, Creep rides along to a warehouse in the north Barrens, and see the gangers pass the woman off to a weird burned scientist lady named “Alice” after she scans both the kidnap victims with a Wuxing Frequency technomancer detector. She rejects the man, and the gangers say he’s headed for the Death Ships. Alice tells them she’ll have some more bits she doesn’t need for them soon. Creep stays aboard as the van drives carefully to the Tacoma port, he dips off as it heads in, but sees which entrance it uses. Feeling like this is enough, and with daylight approaching, they report into Annie, and debrief her. She tells them to follow up on the Death Ship, the warehouse/scientist, the club, and thanks them for the contact info for Eletheria. She pays them and they all head off to rest.

Creep plays Marry Me! for quite a while while 9 Tails lounges and basks in the sun. Tabasco gets a tiny bit of rest before calling his new cabbie contact, Bernie Carter, who turns out to be a retired UCAS tank driver who got sick of the army but still likes the thrill of combat. So he drives an armored cab ANYWHERE in town, if you’ll pay his rate. Tabasco finally arrives early (aka on time) to practice. Chiba seems impressed with that and some of his new gear, and tells him to really go for it today. With that encouragement, Tabasco finally hits his stride and excels. Chiba tells him after practice he’s ready for his debut, but takes him aside and tells him she needs him to take a fall in his first match, sometime in the 3rd quarter- just make it look like he took a hit harder than expected, she tells him the team doctor’s will back it up so he doesn’t have to worry beyond selling it to the crowd, who will love it.

Tabasco is disturbed but he doesn’t know what else to do, so he agrees. He decides to run home to have time to think and burn off energy, and luckily doesn’t encounter any strange animals on the Puyallup trails.He rests for a short spell, and links up with 9T and Creep again. They check out the club again first, spotting the ‘Weeners and securing a sample of the drug they suspect as being involved, since Annie reported the footage along wasn’t enough to induce some kind of hypnosis/strange activation. Tabasco gets a good audio recording, not listening, to go with the video. They spot the Disassemblers in the same spot again, but don’t see them move on anyone tonight. They do see someone moving a little robotically head out the front of the club and get picked up by someone in a sedan flashing a credstick. They make note, and toss a tracker on the car, figuring why not.

They then head to the Tacoma docks, and scout it out a bit. They find a promising spot to sneak in, and manage to get up on top of some isotainer stacks to take a look around. They determine that the port is split into 3 areas of control: Yakuza, Mafia, and Vory. Their target came to the Vory zone, and they spot the ship that is likely the Death Ship, based on the large number of living but drugged auras aboard. They send the registration info to Annie, who confirms that this is likely a live body shipment to Asamando- a useful way to dispose of enemies and unwanted test subjects. She says she’s going to call some people to try to secure it before it gets out of local jurisdictions. She also gives them the contact for a dangerous alchemist who she says to be careful with, but to take the drug sample to for analysis.

Tabasco also calls in a favor on ShadowSEA and gets an intro to another local club owner named Nyssa Hallas, who might have some intel on who owns/operates Iron Jungle. Annie also recommends a retired street sam named Hard Case who now does consulting for newb runners, and they agree that she’ll just cut his pay to pay for some sessions to help him get his feet under him, since he’s noticed he’s missing a few basics. He also feels like he’s a little closer to figuring out what exactly his Code of Honor is….. luckily it isn’t sportsmanlike conduct, as he goes along with Chiba’s request to throw the next day’s Urban Brawl match, doing a reasonably convincing dive and faking a short in his electronics that takes him out in the 3rd quarter.

After getting cleared by the team doc and commiserating with the others on the team about the close loss, he fails to sneak up on Chiba’s private convo with someone and stumbles into a slightly tense meeting she’s having with a mafia type who after some research he ID’s as the Puyallup capo, Enzo Gianelli. Enzo tells Tabasco that he did well in the day’s match and that they would make a lot of money together. Chiba seems slightly on edge at being “caught” and reminds Tabasco that Enzo was never there, before Tabasco heads home. Having taken some damage in the match, he rests for a bit and does some more digging online re: Enzo and the mob.

He heads out and grabs a meal with Hard Case, getting his first “how to be a runner” lesson, and feeling it was worth his while. HC gives him basic intro tips and helps him refine his code a bit. Next, he heads Downtown to meet Nyssa Hallas at the recently renamed Penumbra Station. It’s before opening, so he chats with her at the bar while she checks stocks. They trade some info and he finds out that the mafia has been trying to move in on some Downtown clubs, but that Hallas and her “silent partners” had fended them off of Penumbra, and had reached out to Iron Jungle and other clubs to talk about working together against the mob. IJ didn’t even give a reply, so she dug into their ownership a bit- some kind of regressive Dutch policlub called the Freedom Network owns it through a Carib League shell corp.

Tabasco heads back to IJ to do some more surveillance, and researches Freedom Network while he’s at it. He spots some of their Popular Will street thugs using a side entrance to gain access to a floor above the club, and feels this is confirmation enough for now, not seeing anything else going on there except a “Marry Me…” tournament. He heads to the last know location of the tracker Creep placed on the suspicious car on a previous stakeout, and finds that it leads to the inner edge of the Glow City dump in Redmond.

Tabasco warily approaches, and digs around, eventually finding a what he at first things is a corpse (based on the bloodiness and missing eyes), but turns out to be a barely living PI named Tommy Vermont. After he rallies a bit, he explains that he used to be a Knight Errant cop, caught CFD on the job, got rescued by runners and “cured” of CFD by a street doc, which involved a lot of cyber replacement- probably what kept him alive. Plus, he was wearing murder armor and has gotten good at playing dead. He explains that he’s on a case hunting a serial killer who seems to target Monads, and might be one themselves. Most disturbingly, they apparently shapeshift or otherwise change their appearance between kills- the only identifying feature is that they swap in the eyes of their previous victim. Gross.

Anyway, Vermont was posing as a naive Monad at IJ the night he got picked up, and got hit with a powerful EMP and then shot multiple times, stripped of his armor and gear, and dumped. If he was actually a Monad, he would be dead, and he still might be if he doesn’t get help soon- he asks Tabasco to assist getting him back to his office in Stuck’s Carnival, and Tabasco agrees. Unfortunately, they’ve attracted the attention of some Halloweener goons, one of whom has knife fingers and a rotting pumpkin mask. The other one tells Tabasco to ditch his gear and leave, but doesn’t seem let down when Tabasco insists on a fight. He manages to light both the ‘Weeners’ candles real good with some phosphorous arrows, quickly eliminating the threat- though Vermont only hears the fight, he seems impressed.

Tabasco also received some distracting assistance from a woman the Weeners had been hassling prior, who comes over and says they better skedaddle before reinforcements or mutants show up. Hearing some loud pipes firing in the distance, Tabasco agrees, and they scrabblle out over the dump pile, assisting Vermont, and make their escape all comically overloaded on the woman’s scooter. She introduces herself as Iva Linus Hathaway, and thanks Tabasco for the inadvertent intervention. She says she’s hung around the Weeners a good bit and they’’ve gotten weirder and scarier lately. Tabasco notices she’s wearing muted Weener colors, but also a surprisingly well-made custom tailored garment made of multiple bits of different items/outfits.

She explains that she’s a materials engineering student at UW, who also does custom tailoring, makes her own clothes, and makes costumery for the theater department and others. She gives her number to Tabasco in case he needs her services in future, and then drops them both off at Vermont’s office. Realizing he can’t get in without eyes for biometrics or a commlink as a backup, he has to borrow Tabasco’s ‘link to call Stucks’ property manager, Ranya Zhong, a dryad woman, who shows up after they’ve sat on the curb and Vermont has smoked a crushed cigarette from his pocket.

Tabasco and Vermont share notes in his office, and manage to put together a few theories based on what they’ve both found out. It seems the Freedom Network is using their club to make money off of luring identity groups they dislike to a single locale, and then selling intel on their presence to various people who seek Technomancers and Monads for nefarious purposes. The Death Ships seem to be a separate conspiracy, but a useful way to get rid of the bodies as needed. Since Weeners and Disassemblers are seemingly working in concert, it implies they’re being paid by a third party. They also watch a video of the Death Ship Tabasco, Creep and 9 Tails ID’ed trying to flee at KE closes in- the crew scuttles the Death Ship as a distraction but all get gunned down. Tabasco finds the name of the officer who lead the KE takedown and rescued some of the captives from the ship at least, a troll named Tosh Athack.

Doing some research, Athack seems to be part of KE fast response group known informally as the Black Knights, who seem like KE’s equivalent of runners, and seems like he sometime will work with runners when it benefits him. Vermont also suggests that he’s being paid by some kind of anti-human trafficking network, and suggests they keep working together. Tabasco agrees, pending Annie’s approval. Next he heads to east Auburn to pay a visit to the alchemist Squeamish, to get the Weener club drug analyzed. Squeamish turns out to be a paranoid and kind of gross ork, with some upsetting “brain in a jar” cyberzombies and biodrones guarding his lab. He does confirm that the drug would put users in a highly suggestible state, and distills some down so Tabasco could use it with an injection arrow if he wanted to.

Tabasco then heads out and calls Annie, giving her the update on everything. She confirms that the video + audio that Tabasco recorded of Toon Horizon, when combined, are laced with hidden messages, and that combined with the drug these could likely implant certain triggerable commands in people, or activate those same commands if they were pre-implanted. With the info on club ownership, Annie feels like they have enough for now there. She says she does want to get in touch with Vermont’s employers, suspecting they may by the network known as Las Muñecas, who she didn’t think operated this far North. She also wants Tabasco to look into “Alice’s” lab (which Creep found in Redmond), and find out why fixers/fences etc are going missing.

Doing a bit more digging, Tabasco confirms that all the fixers, fences, info brokers, etc who have gone missing are low to mid-tier freelancers, so probably not connected to the gang/syndicate wars, and probably not corporate unless they’re trying to eliminate all competition. He finds a promising bar to check out and maybe meet some of these types, see if he can get any info. He also gets a mysterious message on ShadowSEA from “n1nj@” and begins chatting- it seems like he’s caught the eye of local hooder named Yoko Aruki, who gives him props for saving those folks on the Death Ship, and suggests they perhaps work together if he’s into doing more of the same….

Tabasco heads to training the next day, and gets another illicit task from Chiba- finding a hidden perch with good visibility, somewhere in the arena, and not letting anyone know he’s doing it. He succeeds and has a good day at training overall. He jogs back to his spot and does some research after Chiba won’t tell him anything about her Mafia entanglements. He finds out that she’s likely in the pocket of the Gianelli family, but can’t figure out why, and also finds out that his godfather, Don Michael, is actually a higher-up in the local branch of the Cutters, a “pro” gang.

He calls Michael and they chat a bit about the life of crime- Tabasco talks about some early running exploits, and Michael tells him about growing up with his dad and joining the gang together, before Carter got recruited by ARES. Tabasco also orders an off-road bike to be able to get around on his own a bit more efficiently. He (on grid guide) drives up to the Iron Jungle and takes one more look, but it’s daytime so he doesn’t get much. He chats with Annie, and she says she looked into the attempted mafia takeover and that it seemed like all the mafia goons sent to intimidate the owners turned up dead in mysterious traffic accidents and the like shortly thereafter.

He then cruises to Stuck’s and meets up with Vermont, and passes along Annie’s message to try to get her in touch with Las Muñecas, after confirming with Vermont that they seem to be his employers. Vermont says he looked into the one other group the Freedom Network doesn’t like, magic users (or at least those with Mentor spirits), and found some hints that occasional awakened attendees of the Iron Jungle also have gone missing, and it seems like the Blue Dragon biker gang (a Yakuza affiliate) have been the ones grabbing them up. They agree to continue working together on this missing persons investigation, and head to “Alice’s” lab in Redmond, that being their next lead.

Vermont calls some gang contacts he has in the area to get backup, and Tabasco meets one of them, a First Nations biker named Cheeks, who is very good-looking, and covered in tats except his chiselled face. Cheeks and the other bikers set a perimeter, and Vermont and Tabasco sneak up onto the roof of the lab building. They try to break in through a skylight, but bungle it and break the old assemblage, jumping down in the lab. Tabasco gets a message from an unknown caller saying “look out!” just as he jumps in, and is stunned by a flashbang trap, though his cyber prevents disorientation at least.

Vermont flops in behind him less gracefully, and Tabasco regains his feet only to be sprayed with acid by a burned woman in a lab coat, who quickly discards the squirt gun and runs for a room at the back, slamming the door behind her. Tabasco gives chase, while Vermont frees the lone prisoner- the technomancer that Creep had tracked here. Tabasco bashes through the door and barely avoids a point-blank shotgun blast from another trap. The woman is nowhere in sight, so he searches the room, eventually finding a trap door hidden under the bed. Vermont tells him they have to get out of there as the woman blew her servers when she left, which started a fire.

Tabasco says he has to chase her, and Vermont says he’ll grab what data he can, and get the catatonic women to safety with Cheeks and the others. Tabasco says he’ll meet him later, and carefully disarms another grenade trap on the hatch, before jumping down into the sewers. He barely manages to follow a trail out, and avoids a toxin trap on the ladder up, emerging in the outer barrens, and just avoiding stumbling into some sort of conflict between the Isotopes and some other gangers from the Spiders. He hoofs it back to the rendezvous point, and agrees to take the TM woman to a street doc Vermont knows, while Vermont take the First Nations bikers out for drinks as thanks. Cheeks warns him that the Spiders have been getting creepy and territorial- they used to hunt bugs but there aren’t many left in Seattle so people are less tolerant of their kidnapping and brainwashing. Also, they’re whispering of some new leader/totem called “Grandmother”…

Grid-guiding south, Tabasco gets to a gym called Sticks and Stones in north Puyallup, and meets a street doc named RIot, after getting scanned by a rigger called Hans Yolo. He passes off the TM woman, and Riot says she thinks recovery is promising based on an initial survey, and also patches Tabasco up while Hans patches his armor. Now he knows a street doc! Cool. He also gets some intel from Don Michael on the state of the syndicate war in Puyallup and some names of who to talk to if more is needed- essentially the Kenran-Kai yakuza tricked the Gianelli mafia into fighting off a Vory incursion, and the Yak gained some turf while the mafia was distracted. He calls it into Annie and calls it a night, getting paid and getting another “how to be a runner” session with Hard Case paid for. Next up: figuring out the gang and syndicate situation in Redmond…

Tabasco heads to practice the next day, where they keep it pretty light with the game the next day. However, worried about what he might be caught up in, he buys a nanny cam in a fake rock on the way and hides it (poorly) in the lookout spot that he had scouted out in the arena for Chiba. He heads home after practice, and calls up Hard Case to grab dinner again. He gets some tips on client management, and also the usual mix of aphorisms and cliches- though much of the advice is useful. Tabasco gets interested at the end of the dinner when he notice that he has older trainer/mentors in both the shadow and Urban Brawl worlds right now who managed to make it big enough to get out and teach others- maybe something to keep in mind for a long while from now!

Back at his condo, he does his usual batch of research and connects with some contacts. He’s primarily looking for Redmond info now to finish getting Annie up to speed, and Cheeks agrees to give him the rundown in exchange for Tabasco’s help the next night providing overwatch on a dangerous gang meeting. Tabasco agrees and recruits 9 Tails and Creep to help out, Cheeks promises that if all goes well he’ll introduce them to a person who can help with fake ID’s and stuff too. Tabasco comes to realization that Chiba is likely planning to insert one of Enzo Gianelli’s people into the lookout to swing the match in his team’s favor, since she’s ensured they’ve lost the last few they’re ranked low and the odds are against them- so it seems like this is all money business/gambling, which feels a little sleazy to him.

He gets a call from Yoko Aruki who asks for him to put together a last minute crew and help rescue some kids who were kidnapped. He agrees, and pulls 9 Tails and Creep into this one too. The target is a Hand of Five warehouse in Renton, where they’ll all meet up. Having some time to kill before then, Tabasco heads to the Murdered Mime in Renton and chats briefly on comms with Nyssa Hallas about ownership stuff in the area, getting the lowdown on the mafia vs Yak vs KE drama. He then meets the supposedly sketchy fixer Flipside, who seems to have signed on really hard with the Shadow Chapters, though the SC seems a little more violent or potentially sinister here. Tabasco gets added to Flipside’s rolodex but doesn’t take any jobs yet and doesn’t immediately sign up for the SC.

Doing some further research, he finds out that Flipside used to be a real bottom of the barrel fixer out of Redmond who would frequently betray or sloppily screw over newb runners, but not badly enough that anyone killed him yet. However, he vanished for about a week recently and seems to have emerged with a whole new spin on things. Tabasco wonders if the SC is threatening or otherwise forcing people to conform to their policies, but figures this is good intel to get to Annie, since Flipside admitted that the SC has had to dispose of some freelancers who didn’t heed their initial warnings already- possibly explaining one of the last open areas of the missing persons case.

Tabasco heads east and meets the crew for the rescue job, Yoko seems to be a badass ninja and says she’ll hit the front loud and hard, and wants 2 of them on the back and one on the front to make sure none of the Hand of Five goons escape, and all the kids get rescued, if possible. 9 Tails doesn’t like killing, but noone else minds, so she heads out back with Tabasco while Creep watches the front and Yoko busts in the door yelling something in Japanese and chucking flashbangs. 9T and Creep both sabotage all the cars on their end except 1, to which they each attach a data tap for Yoko’s offsite hacker to take over the vehicles through.

9T calls out some incoming targets to Tabasco, who scampers up onto a nearby roof and easily picks off 3 HoF goons with some flashpak assistance from 9T. They get 6 kids loaded into the hacked car and 9T heads off with them to the rendezvous point. Out front, Creep takes out the lone HoF escapee and gets 6 more kids loaded into the car, also heading out. Tabasco heads in, finding 2 more kids and deciding to hoof it with them. He texts Yoko the codes to his dirtbike so she can link up. He reaches the rendezvous point on foot, avoiding metaracist neighborhood watch patrols, and they wait a little bit for Yoko, who eventually arrives on the bike with the 2 remaining kids, but looking pretty messed up.

She tells them that they had a Flaming Sword member there- radical race terrorists, and his flaming blade almost was a match for her skills. She slaps some stim patches on and tells them to follow her to the safehouse, and they head up to Redmond, and are introduced to the Crypt, seemingly a squatter/runner safe zone that Yoko and some others help run. Yoko starts getting packed up by a crusty old ork who keeps insisting that he isn’t really a doctor, and Tabasco meets Dr, Digitalis (the decker) and a Mouse shaman named Mish. They explain that they’re the last survivors of a crew who got mixed up in some Yak cybersoldier drama around something called Project Iapetus, and show Tabasco some flatvid footage of a crew of pro runners taking out one of these Yak soldiers somewhere in the SSC. They say that they heard that the pro runner team might be in town, and if so, they owe them a drink and could share info.

Tabasco, not needing a safehouse, says he appreciates the offer and may make use of the Crypt in the future, but 9T and Creep both seem stoked to have a doss to fall back on when needed. Having gotten back on her feet, Yoko also introduces Tabasco to Professor Magnusson, and arcanolinguist at UW who seems to also help run this spot. He tells Tabasco to feel free to call on him with any esoteric needs, as they appreciate the rescue of the children, and the slaying of the metaracists. Feeling clever, Tabasco gets Didge to secure the feed from his surveillance device at the Urban Brawl arena, and heads home and rests up before the big game.

His team wins with a timely fumble by one of the enemy goalkeeps, and they all celebrate. Tabasco gets personally congratulated by Chiba, who tells him that’s he impressed the right people and is getting the boost up to the big leagues. She seems disappointed that he wants to take time to think about it, but gives him a day. He leaves the celebrations as early as he can, and asks Didge what his device captured. He sees a stereoptypical hermetic mage arrive, seemingly by spirit, and set up to hide there and presumably interfere with the match. Unfortunately, the mage quickly finds and destroys his device, but from his various markings, Tabasco is able to easily identify his as Uranus, the mage from the Order of Merlyn who seems to be one of Enzo Gianelli’s righthand men.

Tabasco calls Don Michaels and gets the rundown- the Gianelli’s are likely fixing fam league matches for gambling purposes, but also use the big leagues as a “clean” money laundering opportunity, writing off massive cyber expenses and the like while performing them on the cheap. Michaels once again advises avoiding getting in with the mob, as right now Tabasco has avoided any debts. Tabasco agrees and calls Chiba back, and tells her he’s leaving the league. He owns up to planting the device when she calls him on it, and she suggests that if anyone ever hears about what’s on it she won’t protect him. Unable to convince him to rethink his decision, she tells him to get lost and stop wasting her time, and blocks his number.

Feeling sad but resolved, Tabasco heads north to Redmond and meets up with Cheeks and the First Nations leader Scout Who Kills Six Times. They explain that Urubia, expanding on the idea of the Funhouse, is trying to establish a gang cooperative to keep Redmond safe®, and Kalanyr is helping entice gangers by smuggling in weapons via the Isotopes, presumably with some cooperation from those in the SSC and Metroplex government who would like to see the sprawl get a little more chaotic. The First Nations and the Crimson Crush are both basically already on board, but reps from multiple other gangs will also be arriving soon to discuss, and everyone’s worried about sabotage and false flags, which is what they want Tabasco looking out for.

He makes a perimeter with Creep and 9T, and they watch as Red Hot Nukes, 405 Hellhounds, Deaths Heads all roll in. A single mutant from the Rusted Stilettos shows, as do 4 low level Halloweeners. Feeling that’s enough for now, Scout starts the meet, and the Isotopes explain the weapons angle while she and some CC members explain Urubia’s coop plan. 9T spots some concealed figures approaching on the astral, and says they have a spider-y vibe, which Tabasco reports in. The assorted gangers waste no time bombarding the stealth approach area, which is probably for the best as the 4 Weeners all detonate shortly thereafter, taking out some gangers but none of the leadership. They seem to have been unwitting suicide bombers.

Picking through the carnage after the brief engagement (the Isotope’s weapons seem to work quite well), they find the remains of what looks to be a few Spider gangers, as well as multiple others who look like gangers but aren’t in colors, and show signs of recent tattoo removal. This could match up with recent reports of the Spiders recruiting non-consensually, and seems worth looking into further as well. For now having prevented a gangland disaster that could have stopped this coop before it started, Cheeks follows through on his promise. He introduces Tabasco, Creep and 9Tails to Jamaal Quigley, who explains that he can get them fake SINs through a corp contact, and then Cheeks gives Tabasco the Redmond crime breakdown.

Essentially, the syndicate war happened because someone tried to hit Chrome Ciarniello, and it’s still not clear he’s going to make it, and the mob thought it was the Seoul’pa, but it seems like it was actually a Yak assassin using some sort of magical disguise. The gang coop is intended to be able to leverage the power and reach of the gangs in Redmond (unparalleled in other districts) to compete as basically another syndicate. While explaining this, some louche Ancients roll up, tardy and saucy about it, but once they get the rundown on what happened they make clear that they actually are interested (as they have a local alliance with the First Nations), and were just late as a power play, not as the people who set the ambush. Appropriately humbled, tensions lower again and everyone heads home.

Tabasco reports all this in to Annie, and she pays him as usual, and he cuts Creep and 9T in as promised. She then gives him a last solo job: scout out a team that just arrived from Chicago, they seem real pro and she has reason to believe they may be just the crew she needs to follow up on all this intel, but wants Tabasco to feel them out and make sure they’re on the level and up to snuff….

The Spirit of Chicago
1/31/2022, 5:59:25 PM
Runners
Carol Turpentine
Kitten Caboodle aka Kit
Creature
ThinkTank
Aradia

The team parties, mourns, and heals for a few days after the Battle of Chicago. Melissa Truman gets in touch and offers to fund a wake/funeral for Avocado, which the team accepts, and they make a plan for it. All of them speak or at least say a few words in memory of their fallen friend, and Melissa uses the opportunity to announce that she is seizing control of Truman Tech back from Horizon after some behind the scenes maneuvering. In the spirit of Avocado, she says she will be bringing jobs and representation back to the people of the Zone, and announces a hiring surge as well as a SIN drive. She has been quietly acquiring rights to vast swaths of the Shattergraves, which the other corps haven’t been touching, and plans to repair and rebuild. She also sets aside some land where the battle took place in a trust via STV, and agrees to fund Kit’s plan for a permanent memorial there, with the names of all those who dies fighting the bugs inscribed.

Over the next few days, AZT, SK, Wuxing and “local assets” get the main credit for saving the city, plus lesser credit for Renraku and MCT, and they also expose the UCAS plan to nuke the city.The UCAS III Corps is chased out/tactically retreats as the citizens are ready to revolt. Corporations move in full force, using the UCAS exit/chaos/threat of bugs as an excuse (and to get folks on their side). Ares is persona non grata after they bail on helping city before the big battle. Jonathon Pyke and his Shadow Chapters step in to consolidate (much like in Boston) after many of the trusted local Johnsons are killed, corrupted, retired or traumatized by all that happened. The ASPS heavily involved in leyline repair/investigation, along with Wuxing Geomancers. Ghostwalker agents and the “Real Americans” policlub start agitating in town, reaching out on Shadow Chapters/NooseNet etc to push for “Free City Chicago”, since “the UCAS apparently doesn’t care about them.”

The team lays low and recovers in Ahabitat for a while, catches up with Otoko, etc. Big Meat and other Merrow fetch a pile of lake-floor debris for Kit to feed on to get their strength back to regenerate their medic half, as she died in the missile assault on the dragon, so Kit is down to only their driver half for now. Creature hears some Dragonspeech in their head, and agrees to swear fealty to the Sea Dragon in exchange for a boon, and feels xyr body begin to change in some way as xe sleeps underwater the next few nights. The team gets a comm from Fargus Sol via the buoy, saying he’s in town and they should come meet him at elemental hall at their earliest convenience. They agree, and head back to the surface. Upon reaching Elemental Hall, they find themselves somewhat overwhelmed at the strangeness of the floating ASPS fortress, but luckily don’t have to venture far inside for their meeting.

Sol, Lu Wendao, Dr. Kersh, Daytripper and some others all meet them. They say Lothan was supposed to attend but has apparently become somewhat agoraphobic after catching a glimpse of Vhortas during the dragon’s attempt to portal away from the fight, Aradia cheers him up a bit by promising to share distracting data and research. The ASPS/Grey Cell group tell the team that the main physical battle is over, but Chicago isn’t saved yet- they still need to save it’s soul. They go back through what they’ve learned- Calumet, the former Spirit of the City was thought killed in ARES’ FABIII assault all those years ago, but was actually corrupted and horribly twisted, and has become the behind the scenes manipulator of much of what has gone wrong in Chicago in the last few years: V’Golkatl.

They tell the team that they don’t know if this spirit can be “killed” per se, but that it can be trapped. They explain that the team will need to track down as many other powerful local spirits as they can of any that survive, and will also need to figure out V’Golkatl’s exact location, as it has been using powerful dark magic to hide itself both physically and astrally while it twists and corrupts it’s servitors throughout the city. They give the team a FAB meter to detect strong competing background counts to help in their search, and Fargus Sol provides them with 4 ritual tokens to aid in their quest: these will allow 1 hour each of regeneration, piercing vision, intangibility, and luck. He says they may prove essential to the team’s success, and to choose their moment well.

The team heads out and decides to start in the Shattergraves. The city feels strange at first and they eventually realize why as they drive: the bugs seems to be well and truly gone, and most of the gunfire and shouting seems to be celebratory, for once. They make their way through the Shattergraves, disturbed by strange spectral visions and entities, until Aradia decide to do some classic Quimbanda summoning, and calls forth The Wailing Ghost, a powerful spirit who mourns and gains power from all who die in the city, who seems to have formed after the incident which created the Shattergraves: the Alamos 20k terror attack in 2039. She tells them that she knows of V’Golkatl and will tell them more if they eliminate an enemy of hers: a spirit of the bugs named Pestilence, who dwells nearby in the Cermak crater.

They agree and head over, and find a bizarre and massive spirit seemingly restrained with toxic fetters. It looks like a combination of all the different types of bugs (including mantids and spiders), but seems more like a manifestation of the city’s fear of the bugs, as it doesn’t have an actual insect aura. It begins singing a strange tempting song, harmonizing amongst it’s many mouths, which lures Carol in. Luckily the others aren’t strongly effected, and Creature notices that xe can’t be: xe is already sworn to one Queen and cannot accept another. Aradia manages to mind control Carol and make him fire, which breaks the spell, and they quickly slay the spirit, though it melts TT’s armor pretty good. It seems badly depleted by the bugs’ defeat and exodus. Aradia surmises that the Swamp Things were likely responsible for fettering the spirit, probably at V’Golkatl’s command in order to ensure Pestilence didn’t get too much power during the return of the bugs.

Reporting back to the Wailing Ghost, she tells them that V’Golkatl also managed to limit her growth, and that since the UCAS/shedim didn’t get their way and nuke the city she won’t be able to compete with it for power, but tells the team there are 5 other spirits that survive that might be powerful enough to help to contain V’Golkatl, if the team can make deals with them. The team forwards the list of spirit names back to their ASPS/Grey Cell Johnsons, and get some last know locations. Ibu AIr, a powerful free air spirit, tells them that he distributed tokens amongst the various powerful spirit entities of the city some time ago, and that if they can get all 5 spirits to agree to assist and provide their tokens, they should be able to trap V’Golkatl using an alchemical canister that Ibu Air himself has created for the purpose.

The team heads out to start making friends. First, Creature sneaks into Tamir Grey housing block past a Popular Will protest/blockade, after TT fails to take sense into some trolls there, though everyone at the protest applauds him for saving the city. Creature makes an offering at the commemorative stature of Tamir, and his spirit (or at least the spirit that uses his name) appears, and agrees to help them in exchange for Creature vowing to help find a new, safe home for Chicago’s ghouls. They next head to Archer, and Kit manages to do a strange impromptu dance performance with the van and it’s arm, summoning the Dancer on Archer, who dances with them for a while and promises her assistance as well.

Carol calls in a favor from ARES and gets the contact number from The Greek, the head of local branch of the Detroit mob, one of three mafia factions in town. He gets some ideas of where to find Joey the Pig from The Greek, in exchange for promising to put in a good word to favor his family over the others. They call in some rep with the Merrow, who retrieve some old lost bootlegger cargo from the lake floor, and head to an old smuggler’s tunnel where soldato leave offerings to Joey. He appears, and accepts the shipment, complimenting Carol’s ability to track down lost things. He agrees to help, and also to favor The Greek/Detroit mob going forward, impressed by their and Carol’s gumption.

The team then heads to the WInd Transit Terminal squatter community, and with help from some friendly locals, manage to track down Fury, a spirit of the desperate and dispossessed. Calling on their history of good deeds and friendship to the communities Fury protects, they request his assistance, which he grants, but doesn’t promise them anything beyond that. For the last one, they head for old city hall, seeking Daley, a spirit of backroom deals, corruption, business, and governance. They find city hall overrun by Gutsmen, a new extremist ghoul gang who are responding to the anti-ghoul violence by openly embracing their nature. Luckily, Aradia finds a note, and the team follows Daley to his new base in O’Hare Sprawl.

They arrange a meeting through some corp contacts, and encounter the jovial but somewhat slimy spirit info broker. He agrees to assist in exchange for intro’s to corp movers and shakers, which the team easily provides. Reporting back on their successes, they are told that they will need to have one person go with each spirit to make a rough pentagram around V’Golkatl’s location once they discern it, and bury their tokens at the 5 points. They will then just need to defend themselves and maintain their position while the ritual does it’s work, and whoever holds the canister keeps it intact until V’Golkatl is trapped inside. TT and Carol decide to be on team “spot/hold the canister”, Creature will go with Tamir, Kit with the Dancer, and Aradia with Fury. Fargus Sol will go with Joey the Pig, and Lu Wendao with Daley.

The team decides all 4 artifacts should go with team spot/canister, except the luck one which Kit holds onto to be able to race around town at breakneck speed as needed. Carol and TT get a ride from Roddy Steelsky, another Spire pilot, up to the top of the old, ruined Truman Tower, where they first saw V’Golkatl’s storm form. Using the piercing vision, Carol confirms this is it’s hiding spot, but distrubingly, it’s up to something he can’t see, through some kind of rift it has opened. The various spirit teams all call in some allies to help defend them and Kit races around dropping them all off before getting themself set up on Archer. They bury the stones, with Joey dropping his out in the lake, and Carol sees 5 beams of energy shoot into the base of Truman tower, up the central shaft, and emerge from the canister as TT opens it. The beams surround V’Golkatl’s form and begin pulling it in, as Ibu Air guides the ritual from Elemental Hall.

It doesn’t go without a fight though, it repeatedly lashes out at the small VTOL they’re in, and Carol uses intangibility and TT uses regen to stay alive long enough to get the ritual done. Still, it is a close things, as TT passes out just as the canister finally snaps closed around V’Golkatl. Roddy has jumped out of the shredded VTOL long ago, and Carol has been struggling to keep it aloft, but he manages to catch the canister as TT drops it, and grab a chute. TT regens back to consciousness, and also grabs a chute and both leap free of the wreckage, Carol having piloted just well enough to get them safely clear of the tower. Kit uses luck to pilot them remotely both safely to ground. They pass the canister off to Fargus Sol for Arleesh to store in her Vault, and Ibu AIr explains they’ve created what is known in alchemical circles as a Bottle Demon: a terrible tool which will make the user a nigh-unstoppable spellcaster, even as it consumes them.

Also, Fargus debriefs with Carol about what he saw as V’Golkatl was pulled away an the rift it had opened closed behind it: a door has opened in Kadath. And through that door, many lessor Horrors (m’flesits, crawlers, and gum toads amongst them) have entered the endless city, and now roam it’s labyrinthine pathways. Fargus tells the team that though they have saved Chicago, the world is still in grave danger…
But for now, a grand success. Fargus also tells them they’re in a somewhat unique position: they know the 6 remaining spirits who might be powerful enough to become spirit of the city, and they have a ton of solid rep and good will around town that they could expend to try to make it so.

The team heads to a bar to debate. They rule out the Wailing Ghost immediately, on principle. They also rule out Tamir as being too weak and depleted. They decide against Joey, though Carol has a fanboy crush. They also eventually rule against Fury, not trusting his motives, and feeling they don’t know enough. They decide between Daley (potentially a big payout) and the Dancer (party city!) and eventually decide to go unanimously in on the Dancer. They call in just about every last favor, token, and debt they’ve amassed, and the ASPS announces an effort through their new global endeavor, The Concord, to try to establish urban tribes who’s longterm mission is to bolster, support, and stabilize spirits of cities around the world, to try to stave off their corruption.

The team preps to head for space, and collects some additional jobs to do while there. Carol really wants to get out of debt with the Tan Robes as he has a disturbing sensation that when he stared into the abyss beyond Kadath, something stared back and spotted him. They decide to keep paying rent on Ahabitat for now, in case they need a spot to retreat to, and leave their other vehicles with Goober for the time being.

Final Countdown
1/10/2022, 7:52:30 PM
Runners
Carol Turpentine
Avocado
Kitten Caboodle aka Kit
Creature
ThinkTank
Aradia
and the return of: Blue

The team heads back above the surface to meet up with Juan at a Taco Temple in the Zone, and find out what this “final mission” he needs them for is. On the way they hear that the Spider cult at Camp Lincoln has come under attack, and head that way to try to intervene. Finding a 100’s-strong group made of gangers, civ militias, and Popular Will thugs they decide intervention might be hard, and while they dither the assault concludes: a massive energy wave blasts out from the center of the park as the attackers breach the last maze-like defenses. Aradia, in the astral, determines a few things: this energy burst was from a metaplanar portal, likely to one of the Spider planes, closing, and V’golkatl seems to be stirring up some of the magically active members of the crowd.

TT encourages taking them out but is talked out of it by Kit and others, and Aradia decides to warn one of them that they’re being targeted, but this just seems to get one of the few magically active people going after the others and further riling the crowd. Deciding they don’t have any great options, they decide to head to the meet. On the way they make some calls, getting in touch with Fargus Sol to see about any useful anti-dragon/anti-bug artifacts they might be able to borrow. He says he’ll ask, and also vouches for The Collector, to an extent, in terms of selling home plate if they want a payday, but they decide to hold onto it and see if it will boost a future ritual.

Aradia does manage to get an enchancted nose ring in memory of Simon Andres, inscribed with “Fuck The Bugs”, that has a limited rasnge bug detector, that she also makes into a power focus with the help of the Ash Union. While this is getting made, they head to the meet at Taco Temple and find a somewhat impatient Juan, a little bit undercover. He leads them back into the freezer, bribing an employee, and they find that it seems to be both magically and wirelessly sealed: a good meeting spot. He explains to them that he’s heard rumors that the shedim faction within the UCAS military is pushing for some kind of drastic solution to the Chicago problem, so they need to act quickly.

His sources have told him that the UCAS military at Wrigley have recovered 2 members of the corp strike team, he doesn’t know if they’re alive or dead, but he needs the team to retrieve them (if alive) or their data (if not). He provides photo’s of the 2 members he heard were recovered: the Wuxing geomancer Lu Wendao and the AZT Shorn One Hector Ramirez. Juan also tells them what he knows of what happened to the team: they reported in after reaching the ritual chamber where the team saw the bug dragon, and didn’t find the dragon but were engaging in heavy fighting with the bugs. Lu had reported that he was mapping multiple converging bug-aspected leylines beneath the city, and Hector said the team was getting good mapping data of the tunnel systems.

However, the team was not in touch again after that, so Juan assumes they failed in their ultimate goal, and he will need to team to complete it while he causes a distraction topside. They agree on a price, and resupply at some generous rates through Juan. He also provides some AZT mages to perform some kind of blood ritual on Avocado and Aradia to temporarily aspect them towards bug magic so they won’t suffer such ill effects from the heavy background count underground. Both their Mentors, Seducer and Peacekeeper, seem to go along with this, for very different reasons.

The team heads out overnight, and finds Wrigley transformed from their last visit: the shanytown has been levelled and the surviving population has been relocated outside the stadium in trailers and other temp structures. The UCAS appears to have also demoed about 1/4 of the stadium itself, and appears to be using ground penetrating radar to spot tunnels underneath and deploy sappers. It is also fenced and a bit fortified, with checkpoints guarded both physically and magically. They plot out the guard routes, and plan a way in, having failed to get much meaningful assistance from Stereotype Abellard, though he warns them to get out of town if possible, or at least try to be somewhere without underground infrastructure.

Kit pulls the ruthenium-cloaked van up to the fence by the demo-ed stadium area, and use the arm as a bridge to allow people to cross the barbed wire layer. They then pull the van away remotely while the team sneaks in and clambers over the rubble. Avocado uses social skills and some adept magic to get in at one of the checkpoints, not trusting his physical skills to remain hidden. They rendezvous and with a quick look around, decide to focus on searching the medical and brig areas. Avocado, Carol, and TT get into the brig but find it empty, though there is evidence of 1 prisoner having been here recently.

Kit, Creature, and Aradia (invisible) enter the Med building, and find a stack of body bags, and 2 MP’s guarding a door to secure room in the back. The MP’s tell them medical has been relocated to the mess hall, and Kit fakes a work injury from hauling debris to stumble over to them, while Aradia sneaks up and Creature apes Kit’s movements to approach undetected. With Kit jamming, they manage to take out the 2 guards nonlethally without raising any obvious alarms, and the rest of the team joins them.

Kit uses their Monad abilities to try to use one of the MP’s prints to unlock the door, but they appear to not have clearance, and Kit sets off an alarm (luckily they are still jamming). TT pops the door with a crowbar, and the team comes under concerted assault from a nerdy looking interrogator, as well as spotting Lu Wendao alive. Kit is nearly felled as the interrogator chucks a knife into them, but luckily their Monad nature rejects the poison that coated the blade, and TT is shot up pretty good with some surprisingly fast light pistol firing, before he responds by killing the spy in one brutal javelin throw.

TT quickly pops Lu free from the table restraints but leaves the mage cuffs on for now, while Aradia casts a massive detox spell on him and convinces him to come with them, and talk later. Meanwhile, Carol, Creature, and Avocado have searched the body bag pile and found Hector Ramirez’s badly damaged corpse. Kit races over and manages to extract a bunch of data, though they don’t have any time to sort through it. Since the spy’s gun wasn’t silenced, even with Kit jamming, they expect a response incoming quickly, so Kit starts pulling the van up nearby again, and they prepare to race for the exit….

As Aradia casts a massive illusion of bugs breaking forth in the center of the UCAS camp, her new slightly buggy (temporary) aura seems to call to some actual bugs, who shortly thereafter also break forth in the middle of the camp, in an upsetting mirroring. Luckily, this causes a huge distraction for the team to break for some of the tunnels that the UCAS sapper team has exposed. Creature blasts some lube grenades and they get a call from another shadow asset, Blue, who Juan hired for hacking and sniper support, who is wiping camera footage of them and using stick and shock to clear a path.

They send Blue the data they got from Hector’s corpse and she very politely makes them an overlay map of a way out of the tunnels from where they jump in, and they get clear of the base as large firefight occurs behind them. They link up with Blue at the tunnel exit with the van. Heading to a Taco Temple to debrief, they bribe an employee again and step into the freezer. Conversing with Lu Wendao, they agree to let him send a rerouted code phrase to his handler, a “Mr. Hong”, to alert him that he made it out the tunnels in exchange for giving them all the info. He also helps them piece together the fragmented data and footage they recovered from Hector’s corpse.

What happened: the corp team made it to the chamber where the Queen was inhabited, fighting heavily the whole way, but the Queen had been moved. The different corp factions started getting more suspicious of each other as they went on, and Lu noticed corrupting influences from some strange leylines- the team suspects V’golkatl using it’s influence to turn the corp team against each other using their innate rivalries. This lack of cooperation proved fatal when they finally did encounter the Queen, and Lu spotted a convergence point of the terrible leylines at a disturbing artifact. He says this is likely the source of the leyline alteration towards bugs, and what is allowing the bugs to cooperate, according to his quick analysis.

Blue and Kit also manage to assemble the data into a coherent timeline of footage, maps, and comms logs and confirm the story. They send Lu on his way after popping off the mage cuffs and he thanks them for saving his life. They tell him to return with more assistance if possible after telling him Juan’s plan-they feel allies are more important than secrecy at the moment. They leave TT after Blue finishes scarfing some Bigger Badder Battered Butter Balls and make/receive some calls. Stereotype Abellard calls on a burner and warns TT that he is on a CIA watchlist now since he killed one of their guys with a distinctive javelin. He says he won’t be in touch for a while since Agents are crawling all over.

Tate calls, and tries to convince them all to leave town for a massive payday. He is very polite and friendly, but seems fully corrupted. They refuse the offer, and Creature tells him a knock knock joke ending in “y’urt me real bad” to express xyr feelings about the betrayal. He seems disappointed and apologizes, but doesn’t shift his goals or requests. They then call Juan to share the data as well as some extra info they’ve put together- he shares info back, seemingly sharing their philosophy that they need to cooperate now. He reveals that V’golkatl was created by the corruption and destruction of Calumet, the former Spirit of the City, in ARES’ FABIII assault decades ago, V’golkatl has been growing in power slowly ever since, and only recently has been able to act openly, but Juan confirms that this is a second sign of the coming of the endtime Horrors, the arrival of bug spirits being the first warning.

Juan says his corp has been studying dark magics and preparing for decades for this eventuality, but they hope to stave it off a bit longer. To that end: part 2 of his plan. AZT forces will lure the bugs out near the UCAS, forcing them to engage, and hopefully pulling the Queen away from the artifact. The runners will infiltrate using the corp team’s map data, and destroy the artifact, hopefully destabilizing the bugs or reducing their power. The team agrees, but needs some time to prep and whatnot, so they decide to go the next day. They start calling in allies and favors, expending much of their local rep to get everyone they can get to show up to a rally point that Juan will control to assess for bug infiltration. They will then relocate to the battle site and hopefully lure enough bugs out for the team to succeed.

They talk to Fargus Sol and get and share some Tarot info. Remembering Prophecy 8 and it’s connection to Chicago, they pass along the coordinates, and Sol says they have a Grey Cell operative in the area who can investigate. They also make a deal with the Collector to hand home plate over in exchange for participating the ritual of 5’s, which Sol says should grant some boons for a week. They restock on ammo and gear and explosives, and do the ritual once the Collector arrives. Lothan leads it, and Aradia and Avocado also take part. The Collector say the will need a 5th with the presence of home plate, and TT jumps in, says the Collector explains that with home included they can also include mundanes. They also receive 5 levels of an adept ability, and go their separate ways, the Collector leaves her number if they come across interesting collectibles. Aradia and Avocado organize a big concert with Vendetta Violet and Morris Knight and others at Midway, and get the Neo-A’s their to guard it while the Ash Union coordinate dance/music/movement based ritual to try to create some positive mana energy to assist them. Kit also gets some destroyer nanites from Carol Staples in exchange for the promise of data on their use vs the bug dragon. Kit begins to research how to use their Monad powers to control nanites also.

Sol also reports that a Neo-Anarchist merc named Mara Ariel recovered a strange artifact known as the Net of Marduk at the coordinates in Turkmenistan and is headed to town with it. The team feels about as prepped as they’re gonna get, so they rest one last time and then head to the undiscovered hive entrance that Juan’s scouts found in the Shattergraves in an abandoned dump with a multi-story underground compactor. They sneak in, and use the Ant pheromones to bypass some ant guards. The squatter communities locally seem to have been fully depleted by bug kidnapping- worrying and upsetting. The team heads into the tunnels, navigating via the map they pieced together, assisted by Carol’s excellent perception spotting the detritus of the corp team’s running battle. They reach a central chamber and see an awful scene: dozens and dozens of filled cocoons with various spirit forms growing and changing inside. 3 resin pillars hold the chamber up, and multiple magical barriers maintained by 2 huge caretaker spirits protect the pillars and artifact at their apex. 2 soldiers leap out to defend the hive, and multiple workers start freeing hybrid flesh forms from their cocoons as the team enters.

They get in a brutal fire/fist/teeth-fight, but finally manage to fight back the bugs and demolition their way through the barriers, and TT uses his special orichalcum-tipped javelin that Lothan crafted for him to destroy the artifact. This massivelt destabilizes the local mana sphere (and the chamber), and the tunnel they came in on collapses as Blue finishes blasting through one of the pillars to prevent any bugs escaping, they head for the one other exit: a shaft of sunlight at the far side of the chamber at a steep upward angle. They blow the other pillars behind them to destroy the remaining cocoons, and find themselves crawling up a steep shaft that it looks the bug dragon clawed it’s way up.

They emerge into a hellscape: a pitched battle between masses of bugs and multiple opposing forces. They see the dragon taking out the final UCAS chopper with some acid breath, and chucking the wreckage of into an AZT hover tank that got a lucky shot in with a railgun but was unable to follow up with it’s missile launcher. The tank is tipped over and it’s hover capacity wrecked, but the weapons look intact. UCAS and AZT troops are holding the lines against waves of bug soldiers, but they seem to be losing ground and largely pinned in place. Luckily, they get a brief moment to get better emplaced due to the destruction of the artifact, and the bugs seems to be self-sorting away from each other in the magical confusion, as the artifact seems to have been the thing keeping them cooperating.

The team sees Big Meat and some merrow ferrying civilians out the sea to safety and drowning bugs that follow, as they emerged along the lakeside in Union turf near the Navy pier. They spot Wingman and another Spire pilot flying fast attack craft aways overhead trying to limit the bugs air advantage with missiles while flitting away from the dragon’s lunges. They see Jeff the Chef frantically handing out armor and ammo from a transit van as support rolls in from the staging site. They see Goober in a killdozer and Carol in Zone ambulance ferrying casualties back to a pop-up med tent that Hole Patcher and Horogront set up. They see Mara Ariel with the Arcance 3 and Red at the center of a wedge of Black Star Bug Hunters led by Old Crow while they try to punch through the bug lines to get close enough to the dragon to use the net.

They see Lu Wendao, Opti, Lothan and some ASPS mages doing some sort of ritual to contain the mana storm and alter the leylines to their advantage, while Scurry launches lightning spells and Ryu Quan, and Flurris frantically defend them with some sort of magical sword, which seem to repel the dragon in some way. They feel the energy of chaotic joy conflicting with the mana storm, from the ritual the Ash Union is performing at the huge concert and dance part at Midway. They see Opti’s team, the Silver Vixens, Jazz, Mrs. Clean, Matt Wrath and some baby runners, all in a mish-mash of new looking Renraku and MCT armor and gear trying to bolster the UCAS flanks. They see Mako defending some Freaktowners who seem to be brewing and mixing chems with explosives assembled by Byom and Jaro, and chucking them into the bug lines. And Blue gets a comm welcoming her to the matrix support squad: 3D, Hotkey, Grid Reaper, Dot-Execute, Chessick, S@m, Remo, Kobold, Skeleton Key and Orior are making sure the UCAS can’t call in the “Ripley Initiative” strike, and also trying to coordinate, but all the different groups aren’t talking to each other right/efficiently.

So the team makes some quick plans: they are behind the bug lines so they have a moment to assess before they get noticed. TT and Creature decide to use the team’s remaining pheromones to refill some lube grenades to chuck into the bug formations to try to sow some chaos. Then they, with Kit, will break through and make a run for the tank, where TT will physically retarget the rail gun and missile launcher, while Kit adds Destroyer nanites to the missile payload and Creature fires the heavy weapons. Aradia will levitate Avocado and Blue invisibly around to convince everyone to work together and touchlink all their comms systems to the massive Deep Resonance host the S@m and Remo are setting up, to better coordinate the battle. And Carol will bodyguard behind Kit’s deployed shield to make sure noone attacks Aradia while she magics.

TT and Creature begin crafting pheromone grenades to sow some chaos and TT calls in the Ogre and the Chemical Boyz, the foot soldiers that Egrend Alexkij sent on behalf of the Horde. They see them on comms injecting a bunch of intense looking combat drugs before revving their combat bikes and racing for the bug lines to try to make a hole so TT, Creature and Kit can reach the downed tank. Aradia levitates Avocado and Blue, invisibly, over the bug line where there’s less air action occurring and drops them in towards the main group of runners, and they convince them to link up. Blue gets them connected to huge matrix support/Resonance Well group.

The dragon chucks Jeff the Chef’s vehicle, with him inside, into Wingman’s jet, causing him to spiral out. Carol and Blue manage to snipe some pursuing Wasp spirits, allowing him to eject and get safely caught by Merrow. Shishi, Rune, and Prudence Rosier sacrifice their lives the save the med tent from the dragon while the Freaktowners start chucking chem grenades at it. This distracts the dragon, but unfortunately it charges towards the Freaktowners and scatters them back into the runners’ lines. Meanwhile, Avocado and Blue get levitated to the flagging UCAS line and convince Stereotype to let them link comms, and do so. The Chemical Boyz make a hole, aided by bug infighting triggered by the pheromone grenades. Unfortunately, the Chem Boyz and the Ogre are all killed doing so, but Kit, TT, and Creature reach the downed hover tank.

Avocado and Blue get levitated over the few AZT survivors and get the command codes for the BLue-227 missile that the tank is carrying from Tenoch, just before he dies. They also get them on comms. A complete tactical overlay comes online from the matrix support crew and they start efficiently directing the battle from their remote vantage. The Black Star Bug Hunters race in to protect the tank from getting surrounded and one of them suicide bombs with a FABIII grenade after getting pulled into the mass. The dragon directly assaults the ritual finally, and slays Flurris and Ryu Quan, but ends up with Imperial Sword embedded in it’s belly. The dragon then finishes wrecking the medical area, though Goober safely gets most of the staff and some of the patients out in his killdozer. The dragon calls bugs over to assault the ritual as well, and many of the mages are actively burning out from overcasting.Carol takes a sniper shot at the dragon to distract it and try to save the ritual.

The team in the tank, with the command codes, manages to get the weapons online- TT is on the top, having to physically haul the turret around to aim it, while Kit cracks open the missile and adds their own nanites as well as the destroyer nanites to the payload. Creature estimates they’ll need 2 hits from the rail gun to have any chance at the missile actually making contact, and loads 2 shells, since the auto-feeder is busted. The dragon races past and blasts Carol, who manages to hunker down behind Kit’s shield, which fully melts, along with his armor, but he survives and keeps Aradia alive (and casting). Ricky Steelsky, the other Spire pilot goes into a death dive against the dragon as it ascends towards him, battering it with missiles. The dragon bursts through the jet, damaged but alive, in a massive explosion.

Aradia and Avocado both tell Creature to shoot real good, and xe gets a first blow with the railgun- success! The dragon starts descending for another assault, frying a bunch of the the Black Star Bug Hunters as they defend the tank. The second rail shot misses, and Aradia levitates Blue and Avocado up to try to grab the sword that’s stuck in it. They mange to reach it and both grab the sword, but the dragon also grabs them. However, it seems to have some kind of dragon repelling effect and Avocado manages to “steer” it a bit towards the ground, while Blue hack the healing nanites Kit had implanted in the dragon weeks ago to assist.

As the dragon descends, Mara Ariel takes a flying leap with the Net of Marduk off of Old Crow’s back, snaring the dragon in it. The dragon lashes out, killing her and most of the rest of the Bug Hunters. The bugs are getting more chaotic along with the magic storm, and the pheromones are causing some infighting in their ranks. The UCAS troops, seeing the need, pull back from the front to protect the ritual, while Scurry and Lothan keep a magical shield (barely) intact. The runners crews start taking heavier casualties as a result. Red races into the tank to reload the rail gun.

The team all rallies together and acts as one- Avocado, Aradia and Carol all provide leadership as Creature manages to get a second hit with the railgun, with TT still turning the turret to aim. Kit then launches the missile, which they pilot in (as their other self, from their nanites they put in). They get a solid hit and the dragon starts dissolving faster than it can magically regenerate. Blue assists Kit’s nanites as they spread through the dragon and boost the destructive power of the missile payload. Unfortunately, Blue and Avocado are also splashed with the nanites and Avocado is instantly killed (and the Sword broken) when the dragon desperately swipes at them. Blue is knocked clear, barely avoiding a deadly blow herself.

The dragon begins attempting a ritual to open a portal, perhaps to escape, and Carol races forward and chucks his mysterious backpack at it- he tells Think Tank: “I’m setting you up!”. TT takes the hint and chucks a javelin at just the perfect moment, spearing the device and detonating the portal closer bomb inside. This sends a small explosion and a large magical ripple over the center of the battlefield, disrupting the dragon’s attempt to open a portal and flattening most of the people in the immediate vicinity (though most appear otherwise unhurt). Creature takes ones more shot with the railgun and blows straight through the dragon: everyone sees a huge burst of gross green energy flash and dissipate as the body fully dissolves into a slurry, destroying Avocado’s body, who was right underneath.

Blue is barely saved by the Arcane 3 and Old Crow, who also use an EMP on her to get the nanites off. With the queen dead, the rest of the bugs seems confused and demoralized, and the allied forces begin mopping them up. Lu Wendao, finally dominant in the ritual, is able to guide the mana storm to a close, and Aradia and other mages gather a ton of valuable reagents in the aftermath. AZT is onsite pretty quickly to reclaim property, but other battlefield pickers get some good finds. Everyone hears the good news that the party at Midway remained safe, and those that are conscious head over to celebrate and mourn. Many lives were lost this day, but the city seems to have been saved, at least for now.

Sleeping Giants
1/3/2022, 9:00:30 PM
Runners
Carol Turpentine
Avocado
Kitten Caboodle aka Kit
Creature
ThinkTank
Aradia

While resting, Carol checks in with Candice, who reports that the tip line he set up is working well. Unfortunately, the Jackpoint-er Sticks posted a warning to not trust whatever ARES was up, said something cryptic about looking into Detroit, and them promptly disappeared from contact. Carol tells Candice this is a bad look, but Candice says she certainly doesn’t know anything about it, and gives Carol a compromat file on Sticks, seemingly compiled by ARES in-house intel services. She says he is welcome to use anything within it to get people off his back if needs be, by showing Sticks’ history of paranoia and instability when it comes to ARES/bugs.

Candice also inquires about the Desolation Angels, as some mages on Ellis’ team got a look at their knife and auras during the rescue in the previous mission. Carol confers with the team but confirms that they have a Mantis internal order, since ARES already knows. The team spends the day putting together a proposal and calling in favors to set up a meeting, and ends up arranging a deal: the DA’s will act as on the ground investigators and hitters for ARES in town for dealing with bugs that Carol’s tip line turns up, and ARES will not target the DA’s and will supply them with arms and equipment ensure success. Becky99 reports that the only weird part of the arrangement is that ARES is very insistent on live capture for shamans, who are sedated and taken out of town somewhere, but all in all this feels like a win.

They get a call from Matt Wrath, telling them he’s got work and to get down to the Vault. They do so, and find a few janitors cleaning up and SImon Andrews (secretly) waiting in the green room. Kit waits in the van to make sure the team isn’t all caught in a trap again. Simon apologizes for not calling directly, but says everyone needs to be more careful due to bugs being seemingly everywhere. He tells them that he’s gotten intel that Tate might have moved the bug dragon down underneath Wrigley Field- there’s a huge shanty-town on top, perfect astral masking, perfect source for fresh hosts, and perfect place to make a warren of tunnels.

He has an old smuggler’s tunnel that can get them in, but most of the team decides to use their new UCAS rep to get past the guards at the gate that the UCAS just took control off, LoneStar still runs the other entrance. Simon tells them they just need to get in, get pics of Tate and the dragon, and get out- this will be the proof he needs to get a majority of the corp reps in town enough evidence to get to their superiors to force a corp intervention at the Corporate Court. The team agrees, after negotiating pay up significantly.

They head out, with Carol and SImon taking the smuggler’s tunnel in and finding it compromised by bug tunnels. Probably not a good escape route, then. The rest of the team gets past the UCAS gate by name-dropping Abellard and the rescue, but are warned not to make any trouble inside since it’s a jurisdictional nightmare right now. The team also recalls that the set of 5’s in the 6WT have some Wrigley connections, and review the images they’ve seen. With Simon’s help, and some assensing, they notice home plate glowing on the cards, and Simon leads them to a speak easy called “Slide Home.”

Heading in, they see a few decrepit patrons drinking moonshine, a surly dwarven bartender, and what looks like a 2050’s era home plate mounted over the bar. They decide to steal it, as the cards suggest, and TT makes quick work of it as Aradia conjures up an illusion of some Fraternitas Insectorum gangers busting in to rob the joint. Weirdly, none of the people who were inside seem surprised to see the FI “members”, believing the illusion, but seem to more be waiting to see how the team responds. Spotting a low door leading down behind the bar, they decide to bum rush it, feeling the Tarot cards must’ve lead them here.

They race past as the bartender blasts with a sawed-off, and Creature drops a lube grenade behind. Finding a tunnel entrance under a tarp in the floor of the cellar, they descend, and quickly get into it with some lice spirits that were well-concealed within the bizarre, organic walls of the tunnel structure. They manage to defeat the spirits but it is a close one. They prepare to continue on, feeling that speed is their best bet given how they entered….

Trying to move quickly but stealthily, they find a small connecting chamber that leads to a large central domed room- all made of the same resinous material. Inside, Carol is distressed to see Tate cutting open a massive cocoon inside of a magical barrier, containing what is very obviously a Bug Queen-inhabited dragon, the very same dragon they had rescued from a previous ritual and given to Tate. Unfortunately, the room also contains a huge number of worker spirits and one huge caretaker spirit, who all spot Carol and turn to approach.

Fearing both cops and bugs if they exit back the way they came in, they decide to chance taking a different tunnel out. Everyone but Aradia makes it through the chamber successfully, but Aradia is snatched up by the massive Caretaker spirit that is overseeing the workers tending to the dozens of cocoons in the domed chamber. Simon Andrews makes a heroic speech and manages to cut Aradia free, shoving her into the tunnel with the rest of the team as he seals the tunnel entrance with a mana barrier. He is quickly swarmed by bugs on the other side of the barrier, but the team makes good use of his sacrifice to flee into the tunnels. Carol pauses to quickly document the whole scene with the Quicksilver Camera for good measure.

They get into another brutal fight with some termite spirits this time, and barely manage to fight their way free, with TT nearly dying and the rest of the team’s armor shredded. Using Kit’s excellent navigational sense and some good fortune on their parts, they finally emerge in a ruined parking structure not far from Wrigley. They find a call waiting from Juan Xiuhuitl, who says they must meet immediately, and explains that he and Simon were collaborating on this job. He convinces the team, and they head to the AZT compound springing up in the NW Zone.

Spotting some Jaguar guards onsite, they appreciate that AZT at least seems to be taking this all seriously. Juan tells them that job isn’t done yet- they need to get a strong majority of CC members to vote in favor of a surgical strike here to prevent Chicago from getting FABed or carpet bombed again. Juan says he can get his corp on board with all the evidence the team got, and that Simon had prepped SK for the same. Juan needs the team to reach out to Renraku, Wuxing, and MCT. He suspects that Spinrad will sit it out, as will Shiawase and EVO, not having strong local ops, and that ARES and Horizon will go against anything AZT proposes at the moment, and can’t be trusted anyway given their bug ties (his words).

They agree, and get a partial payment. They call up the Johnsons they know at the 3 corps, and get some small favors to do for each of them in exchange for their help, as Juan had warned they might. They document the corruption of leylines by V’Golkatl for Ryu Quan, suggesting that Tate was slowly corrupted over time as dark magics were warped around his clinic sites, and get Wuxing on board. Quan is still working to resummon Flurris from his formula after the ally spirit was destroyed getting Quan to safety during the bug ambush at the big meeting.

They pick up the broken man, Clay Foster, whose life the team totally dismantled during Aradia’s first mission with them, and pass him off to Carol Staples, who has replaced her old boss Maggie Goldberg, after Maggie’s untimely death in the Wasp/Ant Queen ritual on Truman Tower. She says MCT will join on with Juan’s plan. They also convince a disgraced ex-Seelie Court financier, Gregor Stassen, to leave town for Metropole, permanently, as the corps don’t operate openly there and there aren’t a ton of Seelie connections, so he can likely manage to start fresh. This satisfies Sarah Silverleaf, who wanted him kept away from Renraku’s areas of influence, and she says they will also join the plan.

The team reports back to Juan, who seems well-satisfied, and pays them, as well as offering them some discounts on some specialty gear. He tells them to lay low and heal up for a few days but keep their comms on. They head back down to Ahabitat to heal, patch up armor, and keep their heads down, but they hear some interesting and disturbing news while under the sea. Ghouls have come under aggressive attack locally by the Freedom Network and others, after the news that bugs have been using ghoul nests to masks their auras, and the local ghoul population has been pushed back to Long Pig Farms and Tamir Grey Towers, or else killed or driven out of town. Popular Will thugs are “keeping an eye” on both locations for further bug trouble, but it seems Chicago is no longer a safe place for ghouls at the moment.

They hear of a bunch of legendary corporate heavy-hitters showing up in town and joining forces, but apparently the surgical strike doesn’t quite go to plan, and the UCAS III Corps moves fully in in the aftermath, booting LoneStar from a lot of their security ops, and bombing and flattening the Wrigley enclave before establishing a major FOB there. They seem to be taking a “shoot first” policy towards any suspected bugs, and due to the ongoing pissing contest between ARES corporate and the UCAS are going especially hard after ARES and their allies- including the Desolation Angels. As a response to this, and pissed at being excluded from the strike team plan, ARES pulls out all their public local presence (Carol knows that some of this was planned as lead-up to the execution of Latvian Gambit).

ARES offers to help the DA’s relocate to Detroit as well, and Becky99 and Praxis call the team looking for advice. Their other best option is heading for the PWV sprawl in Azania, which has grown significantly in the last few years as a manufacturing hub. Apparently there is also some local reverence and tolerance in varying degrees for different bug species, and bug hunts are also common there, so it seems like it could be a good fit. After a lengthy discussion, Praxis and a few of the other Mantids head for Detroit with ARES, while Becky, Blue, Misa, and most of the rest of the gang head to PWV. The team manages to call in another favor with Stereotype Abellard and ensure that the DA’s can leave town without further run-in’s with the military, and the DA’s all sadly swap out their Chicago patches on their cuts for their new cities.

Kit especially feels their loss as good allies and skilled bug-fighters, but there doesn’t seem to be much the team can do- Abellard doesn’t have enough power to change command decisions at that level, so they wish them safe travels and hope to reconnect someday. Worried about the outcome of that corp strike team mission, they are somewhat relieved to hear from Juan, who says he needs them for one last job, and will explain everything once they meet up.

Dirty Laundry
12/28/2021, 12:59:33 PM
Runners
Carol Turpentine
Avocado
Kitten Caboodle aka Kit
Creature
ThinkTank
Aradia

The team gets a call from Samuel Collingsworth, the AZT Johnson Juan Xiuhuitl had warned them to expect, and seemingly wants to sabotage. They set up a matrix meet, and attending, find him to be a total human supremacist, just as they had deduced from his image. He hires them for a data retrieval in the Shattergraves, and says it needs to happen ASAP. They negotiate pay, and get some upfront. They then report in to Juan, who says he’ll make sure the team gets paid regardless of how the job plays out as long as he gets what he wants. For now, he tells them to proceed with the job as planned.

They load up and head deeper into the Zone, noticing some changes. Horizon is reopening Tate’s clinics under their corporate banner, Popular Will attacks and protests are up given Tate’s reported treachery, and the CZ borders are once again sealed and patrolled astrally, seemingly to prevent bugs leaving the Zone. They also hear and see some UCAS military vehicles moving around overhead, all marked with a “III Corps” logo.

Heading towards their target destination, they roll up to a gang checkpoint, the gangers having fortified a major intersection. Sensing some buggy vibes, they decide to shoot and bash through, though Kit insists on minimal lethality since this seems like more low-level gangers caught up in the Fraternitas Insectorum, though the rest of the team doesn’t share Kit’s empathy. They lay down some suppressing fire while Aradia uses some area Foreboding to make gangers think twice, and Creature grenades the jury-rigged gates. Kit bashes through the first one, with the van taking minimal damage from some small arms fire.

They then see a ganger getting a rocket launcher ready to blast them, which confusingly seems to have been fired recently as well. Carol manages to shoot the launcher out of the gangers grip, and TT chucks a harpoon through it without setting it off, and then as Creature grenades the second gate and Aradia uses some illusions to distract gangers, Kit bashes their way out of the trap and they continue on their way.

Driving a bit more, they see an oily cloud of smoke ahead. Investigating, they find the wreck of one of the UCAS choppers they’d seen flying over. It looks like it took a missile hit to the tail section but a very skilled pilot managed to put it down largely intact, though it is now on fire. What to do?! They decide to take a more thorough look and find that a team of UCAS soldiers seems to have fled the scene, but that the pilot seems to have barely survived inside a rigger cocoon. With some spirit assistance, sheet muscle, and engineering know how, they managed to gain access to the partially crushed cocoon and get the pilot, a dwarf, free.

Kit and Aradia manage to stabilize and heal him a bit and get some info- the UCAS feels the corps have failed to contain Chicago and President Colloton sees a wedge issue she can use for political gain in her and her parties favor in the upcoming elections. They’re conducting scout flights with ground penetrating radar to map out the hive network under the city and see if it’s really as bad as rumors say, and early reports do not look good for Chicago. Jenkins, the pilot, agrees to share the data with the team if they help get any other survivors from the flight out of the Zone safely. They agree and use a fire spirit to finish detonating the chopper before the nearby Fraternitas Insectorum gangers can get their and claim the weapons and ammo aboard.

Using Jenkins TacNET conneciton, they find the other survivors, pinned down and surrounded by a hoard of ghouls pouring out of a ruined building nearby. They see the UCAS drone rigger go down as they approach, and Jenkins gets some stims from Kit to get in and take over as drone controller. Kit uses the van as a a ram to clear a path for the soldier to get clear, while laying down suppressing fire with the new mounted gun, along with Carol and Creature (using grenades). TT hops on top of the van to fend off ghouls with his javelins after the van nearly gets wrecked getting clear. Carol also gets a super lucky visual on a concealed toxic shaman who seems to be guiding the ghouls in some way, and 1-shots her with a sniper rifle. The team plus the surviving UCAS soldiers finish the ghouls off quickly after that, as they are all feral.

The soldiers agree to help the team gain access to their job site as they seem to be going to the same place: one of the nearby ruined buildings seems to be a tunnel nexus, and has collapsed in a sinkhole, leaving the data vault that the team needs to reach somewhere underground. The UCAS mage stays up top with Jenkins, who is crashing again from the stims, and they agree to guard the exit and watch the van. The team heads down with the other 3 soldiers, 2 nervous human privates, and a fairly calm troll LT named “Stereotype” Abellard who seems quite competent and skilled. As they begin heading deeper into the wrecked structure, an ominous storm blows in from nowhere and breaks overhead.

They find a lot of evidence of bugs below ground level, but it seems their astral signature was masked by the ghoul pack above- this being the 2nd time they’ve seen this now, they make a note to report this to the Shadow Chapters. They get to the vault without further trouble, and the UCAS soldiers get a lot of useful info as the area is filled with criss-crossing tunnels. Kit manages to use nanites to gain access to the vault, and hops on a terminal inside that is luckily still powered- the room seems quite well-built and sealed. Unfortunately, the opening of the vault door vibrates the whole tunnel around it and the team starts hearing buzzing approaching.

Kit decides to hurry and get the target data, skipping what could be some good paydata, and they hoof it. One of the UCAS soldiers gets grabbed as a side tunnel suddenly opens as they flee, and some spirits manifest to try to stop them but they manage to fight their way back to the surface. They find that the UCAS mage has been corrupted somehow and killed Jenkins and started cutting on himself, so they knock him out and restrain him with mage cuffs. Aradia spots that the dark storm cloud above has some wispy magical tendrils connecting to the mage, and drops out of astral quickly. She calls it in to Lothan, who confirms that V’golkatl is gaining power and acting more openly, having killed most of the other contenders for spirit of the city. The team decides to mage cuff Avocado too til they clear the area, just in case.

They drop the UCAS survivors off near a checkpoint, and Abellard says he’ll be in touch if he can use their help again. They call in to Juan, and are told to securely and secretly copy the file before giving it to Collingsworth. Kit calls in a favor from Remo, who makes quick work of it with a Resonance infusion. They get a copy for the team as well. The team meets digitally with Collingsworth, who is once again a metaracist dick, so they don’t feel bad about screwing him over. Checking the file, they find that it’s old blackmail material about Collingsworth hiring metahuman sex workers, which would be a problem for his human supremacist buddies. But now Juan has a copy too, so they feel comfortable knowing that Collingsworth is going to be in the hot seat, and had to pay out of pocket for the team to screw him.

Juan, as promised, signs up to the Shadow Chapters, and offers KEV ammo and stealth pheromones for sale at a reasonable rate to members taking the fight to the bugs. The team considers this a big bonus. Aradia heads off to learn some new spells from Lothan, having signed up with the Ash Union, and the rest of the team kicks back and patches up armor and vehicles in prep for whatever the next job is.

10 Block Tango
12/20/2021, 1:46:35 PM
Runners
Carol Turpentine
Avocado
Kitten Caboodle aka Kit
Creature
ThinkTank
Aradia

After healing up and agreeing to more future work from Juan, the team agrees to take a job from Matt Wrath, who just needs them to meet him and deliver a package within a few hours. They head to the diner where Matt is and are just sitting down and starting the meet when the windows are shot out by hybrid forms, a van screeches up and disgorges some ant spirits, and a sniper nearly kills Matt. The team scrambles to respond….

After a brutal firefight and with the help of a large spirit Aradia summons, the team defeats the attackers and stabilizes Matt Wrath, racing off from the scene in case more attackers are incoming. They rendezvous with his DocWagon pickup a little ways away and pass him off after confirming the DW crew aren’t bugs. Avocado rides with to keep an eye on the situation.

The team then follows Matt’s request and heads out to deliver the blade in the case he gave them to Becky 99 within 2 hours. Having already lost a little time, they call Becky 99 and try to plan a safe route. B99 warns them that many Ramblers have been corrupted by bugs, so Kit plans a backstreets route, with Aradia and Carol watching out for bugs and gang traps. They get pretty close before some cops pull them over, Aradia can detect some mind control traces on them. But luckily the team’s fake SINs hold up and they’re able to talk their way out, even at a severe disadvantage.

They get a few more blocks before the bug ambush strikes, with one large insect manifesting inside the car while others surround it. Kit, quick on their feet, manages to ram their way out of the trap, getting the van clear of most of the enemies while Creature grenades their pursuers and Aradia helps with spellcraft. TT and Carol fight the bug inside, but Carol gets an unlucky miss with his Alpha and catches TT in the chest with a full burst, nearly killing him. They do finally mange to finish off the bug after Carol switches to knife and gets a lucky hit in. However, a lot of their armor is pretty shredded and the van has seen better days.

They finally reach the meet site and hand off the dagger to B99, quickly assensing it Aradia thinks it is a powerful weapon foci suited to a tradition she is unfamiliar with. Some DA’s race back and report that ants are pouring out of nearby sewers, so the team decide to help the DA’s flee and figure out pay later. Kit again bashes through the ambush with van, with 2 DA vans staying close behind. Seeing that the bugs are lead by a large nymph spirit, Carol calls in Dr. Ellis, but requests no FABIII carpet-bombing this time as the situation is mobile.

The team sees some ARES stealthed VTOLs drop some figures in BugStomper suits with FAB throwers corralling all the pursuing bugs, and then some smoke bombs are dropped and a large container, similar to the ones they saw in DC, is dropped in the midst. Out come the horrifying hybrid bug things that ARES seems able to control, making short work of the bugs around them. The figures in BugStompers use some kind of pain controllers to get the ARES hybrids to respond to command, and manage to capture the nymph, which Ellis is thrilled about. The team is a bit stressed about all this, but what choice did they have…

Reaching DA safezone turf, B99 explains that the dagger was a gift from Arleesh’s vault, to help against the bugs, and would only be useful to members of her gang’s magical order. She pays the team, with a bonus for helping them escape, and the team heads back to the Bolthole to rest and restock on ammo. Kit and Carole head to Goober’s, and Kit etches some cool art onto Carol’s new armor playing for his cyber-legs (an abstract representation of the two different personalities within Kit, which merge into 1 image when together). Kit also gets some upgraded van armor and adds a concealed 360 degree turret with 2 ammo hoppers, so they can switch between KEV ammo and stick and shock, wanting a non-lethal option for non-bugs.

Carol posts a bounty of Jackpoint and NooseNet for info about any bugs/nests/hives anywhere in the world, and starts getting some leads and positive comments, especially once he starts paying out above market rate for the info on his ARES expense account. He sets up a protocol for MAMA to filter out junk messages and apply a pay scale, and then forward the leads to Candace.

The team waits around a bit, wondering what will come next.

Can You Dig It
12/9/2021, 3:28:01 PM
Runners
Carol Turpentine
Avocado
Kitten Caboodle aka Kit
Creature
ThinkTank
Aradia

The team rests up and heals for a few days, and then decide to sell their massive paydata package to the Shadow Chapters. They use this as an enticement to get the last few holdout corp Johnsons in town (who survived the meeting) to sign on as well, except for Juan Xiuhuitl, who is still holding a grudge for the team not coming to his aid during the bug ambush. Since Carol couldn’t convince the team to sell to ARES first with an exclusivity window, he decides to meet with Candace Phillips personally to at least present the info well. They also convince the Shadow Chapters to pony up for a bounty for the traitor for whoever discovers them. The rest of the team decides they better check up on Tate, since he’s the only one they didn’t have proof of getting ambushed.

Tate reports that his Genesis Clinic is still under heavy guard and seclusion after the bug attack, so he suggests they meet at the Maker’s Collective clinic. The team heads in, and finds the MC even more corporatized/gentrified than before, as well as finding the Zone border crossing reinforced by LoneStar, presumably in response to news of the bugs’ return. They head into the clinic and find Tate has it cleared out for their meeting, he calls them back to his office. As Avocado and Creature step in, a security shutter slams shut behind them, trapping Aradia, Think Tank and Kit in the hall.

Avocado and Creature start talking to a holo-projection of Tate while gas starts to fill the room- he tells them that as trusted confidants, he is going to bring the 2 of them in on his new discoveries and plans, but that the 3 in the hall must be culled as they have not proven trustworthy yet and he can’t risk it. In the hall they hear an accelerating beeping in the walls, and taking some careful sniffs, TT figures out that they’re in a killbox wrapped in plastic explosives. Avo and Creature try to negotiate with Tate but don’t have any luck, he seems unusually fervid and they worry that the bugs have gotten to him after all.

Out in the hall, TT starts trying to blast through the door into Tate’s office but doesn’t have enough det cord, so Aradia summons a spirit to help, which makes quick work of it, with TT also bashing away. Kit tries to disrupt the bomb with some matrix attacks, but initially just triggers a security response from some waiting IC which seems confused by their odd Monad presence. The beeping seems to be accelerating, so the team bashes through the back wall of the office as well (with the help of some of Creature’s grenades) and tumbles out into a storage area, trying to get into cover just as Kit accidentally triggers a failsafe and sets off the bomb.

They take some massive damage to their armor, and make their escape from the MC amidst a scene of chaos- shrapnel from the explosion has blown out into the market and killed or injured dozens, it looks like. Aradia tasks her spirit to help with search and rescue as it’s final service, and the team bails, leaving drones behind. The drones spot a team that looks like Tate’s security, but moving with bug efficiency and unity, arriving a short while later and searching the clinic and wreckage. They ship their armor off to Goober to get repaired, and order in some replacement explosives from 3D, as well as paying rent on both safehouses.

They spread the word about Tate to their contact lists and the Shadow Chapters, to much surprise and dismay. They rest and heal for a few more days, and hear some disturbing bits of news: apparently a number of runners whose safehouses were known to Tate from house calls and the like have gone missing in the last few days, and some others have been noticed to be acting strangely. Paranoia rises. Simon Andrews gets the team the bounty payout for discovering the traitor, but they keep their name out of it for now, worried it will be suspicious that they proposed a bounty and almost immediately cashed in. They also hear that Freaktown has come under attack and some local changelings, including legendary Zone bus driver Murretta Burretta, have been killed, mistaken for bug flesh forms.

Simon also tells the team he’s done his best to make peace with Juan, and Aradia also uses her hold over Simonetta Chandra to try to get back into Juan’s good graces. Juan does eventually call them with some work, and summons them to a meeting at Club Apex, AZT’s new fight/sports bar. The team rolls over, noticing some heavy acrid smoke hovering over the Zone, and looks online to see what’s up. There was a big Urban Brawl match the previous night and the news is saying the celebrations got out of hand, and multiple large fires are burning, with gangers attacking LS first responders preventing them from getting the scenes. TT also gets a “kill penalty” alert- basically an open bounty on one of the Brawl players who is thought to have cheated. Kit wants no part of it, but the rest of the team seems open to partaking if they stumble across the guy.

At the club, they get sent back to a private meeting room and and briefed by Juan, and his 2 new assistants, Atzi and Tenoch. Apparently an AZT work crew that was extending GridGuide repairs into the Zone has gone missing, as has the sec team sent in to find them. AZT retrieved all of their vehicles using auto-pilots, so they don’t think it was an obvious gang hit or corp sabotage. There was no useful sensor data, though the sec vehicle had some small arms damage. Juan provides a list of names of the missing as well as their corp RFID’s, and the location of the work/last contact. TT doesn’t like Juan’s super corp-y energy, but the pay is decent and the team wants to be on his good side so they agree.

As they’re leaving, Atzi offers a small bonus if one of them will step into the fighting ring as a last minute replacement for a missing fighter. Avocado agrees, feeling maybe this will be good closure for the whole 6Cylinder thing. He gets whooped, but stays in long enough to get paid, and is mostly healed up by the ring doctor and Aradia. Outside, Kit is getting van ready to go when a Taco Temple driver backs into them in the lot. Kit gets out in a huff and thoroughly freaks out the driver, as the van begins to repair itself with the new nano repair suite that Kit just installed.

Avo and the rest of the team arrive and manage to cool Kit down, and gets a Taco Temple discount code for a 5 person 5 piece meal. The kid peels out and speeds off, but Creature, paranoid, looks up his info online. He seems to be an incredibly lucky/unlucky person, having been the lone survivor of multiple crashes and accidents. TT has a feeling and begins frantically looking around, and locates a Tarot card just under the van. It’s unclear if it dislodged when the van was hit, fell out of the kid’s pocket, or what, but they spend some time analyzing it, feeling that they have maybe found some sort of weird set showing the life of one person, TT thinks it might be an assassin who uses the name Hylda- another rare club/staff, and spear fighter in their world.

They head out for the last known sighting of the AZT crew, but get ambushed by gangers on the way. Kit luckily slams the brakes and avoids hitting a small ork girl who is thrown in the road ahead of them, but the van is quickly surrounded by a flaming dumpster pushed in front, and what looks to be a stolen fire truck pulling out in back. They notice wrecked cars making a sort of impromptu barricade on either side of the street just as the van is hit with a lube grenade. A massive fight breaks out, Avo and TT charge out, with Avo assaulting the fire truck and TT tipping over the flaming dumpster on the 2 gangers behind it just as Creature hits them with a lube grenade in return. Aradia sends a spirit up to take out the gang’s grenadier on a nearby roof, and turns TT and Avo invisible, as Kit gets the car unstuck and starts ramming their way out of the trap zone.

The team emerges victorious, but the van has come under attack from an as yet unknown hacker, and the gang was once again all wearing those bug masks and working with better coordination than their gear and skills would otherwise suggest… something is up! Carol zips in on the VTOL after he finishes getting briefed on the part he needs to play in ARES’ Latvian Gambit project, and grapples up to the apartment where the hacker is hiding after Kit spots her in the matrix. Carol finds that the gang hacker has plugged directly into the severed head of the AZT SecTeam hacker and seems to be using his deck (inexpertly). Carol pulls the plug and zip ties the hacker, which unfortunately also fries the head, so they maybe lose some paydata there.

There’s a debate about what to do with the hacker and Kit insists on not killing her, so they sedate her with some of Creature’s drugs. Aradia reads her mind and finds out that the Nasty Grrls gang has joined up with the Fraternitas Insectorum and some local bug shaman to gain power, feeling that they would otherwise just end up as victims, since they’re a small-ish gang. Carol and Think Tank also tell the small ork girl it’s ok to go back to her apartment, which is apparently the one the hacker was using, after Carol frantically cleans up the gore, and also leaves her a credstick

The team debriefs with Aradia and finds out that the work crew accidentally dug into a bug tunnel nearby and all got grabbed, and the gangers were told to ambush anyone who came looking, successfully trapping the AZT team and burning them and the building they were in (explaining the noxious smoke). The team heads to the dig site and finds the hole the work crew made covered over with some kind of fresh organic “concrete”, they confer and decide this must be termites. Doing some recon, they find a nearby building appears to be covered entirely on the inside with the same stuff- they can’t see in any windows etc. They explore into the tunnel a bit and find a commlink as well as one of the workers’ bodies.

Kit scans the link and they get some footage of the workers accidentally breaking into the tunnel, seeming confused, and then all getting pulled in by termite spirits. One is killed in the process, explaining the body. They call it in to Juan, who pays them extra to keep watch and make sure no one else goes in or out while he gathers another team and some materials. They do so, taking shelter at an old folks home that the gangers seem to have been raiding for meds and bug hosts. Kit heals up Avocado, still badly hurt from the fight, while the others take watch.

Hearing that a street doc named Hole-Patcher is trying to step into the void left behind by Tate’s betrayal, TT calls him up and arranges for a medic and bus to get sent over to get the surviving old folks to somewhere better, and Kit calls in a favor with the Shadow Chapters to send the restrained gang hacker along too to get rehabbed (or otherwise dealt with) as Aradia confirms that none of the gangers were actually inhabited. Carol sees the termites covering the tunnel opening again over the team’s excavations, and TT watches some AZT vehicles roll up as the sun rises.

They head down and get the briefing: Tenoch has brought a large explosive charge which the team will need to get down into the core of the hive- since it’s so reinforced inside the building this should focus and reflect the blast and ensure total destruction, but only in a very localized area. The team notices that the AZT sec team that came with all appear to be disgraced, so this seems a little suicide mission-y, but Juan assures the team that though the AZT team is potentially sacrificial, he hopes the runners will survive. Atzi has a chem sprayer with some new formulation in it, that Juan explains is an old AZT pheromonal experiment, that should make people sprayed with it undetectable to the bugs for around 5 minutes.

They send in the disgraced AZT team first to clear the way. They make it most of the way to the building before encountering another organic wall, which they manage to break through, but not without alerting some spirits to their presence. They fight further in but are overwhelmed, and all killed except one, though the only feed the team is getting is a weak bio-monitor signal. Tenoch passes the explosives to TT, and Aradia explains that given the terrible background count in the tunnel, she’ll guard the exit from inside the van.

The team heads in, after getting sprayed with the pheromones. They do seem to work, as they bypass multiple worker spirits with no issue. They find the lone AZT survivor getting walled up and begging to be killed, but manage to ignore his pleas and keep going- good thing they all took Guts beforehand. They emerge into a central chamber and find a termite Queen actively holding open a portal to Vhortas and pulling more spirits through to inhabit various prepared hosts: neighborhood denizens, the AZT work crew, staff and patients from the old folks home.

TT sneaks forward, counting on the pheromones, and sets the charge, with a short timer. The team starts hustling back to the exit but finds the way out walled over. Creature manages to sneak through but Kit gets stuck, and the rest of the team has to bash through the wall while holding off alerted worker spirits. As they race for the nearby exit, they get in a gun battle with some true form termites that manifest, and then luckily manage to all get out just ahead of the massive explosion, which levels the building and send some light debris flying for blocks.

Juan congratulates them and gives them the extra pay agreed upon. He also lets them keep the KE-V anti-bug ammo (another AZT experiment) that they didn’t use in the fight, but warns them against experimenting on it. Carol almost immediately wants to send some to ARES but decides not to, for now, though he sends a description of the KEV ammo and the pheromones. The team decides to drink and party a bit, getting some Hurlg (Avocado has a hard time as a vampire wishing to drink and ends up getting a little taste from some of Kit’s blood but then almost can’t stop himself drinking too much). They read some touching “in memorium” posts on the Rate My Johnsons channel about those already lost the bugs, and review some files that Sam uploaded there from the Endless Archive, where she seems to now reside as an e-ghost.

The files suggest a few thing: Tate seems to have been convinced or mind controlled by the dragon, rather than possessed by a bug. Also, he seems to work a lot more directly for Horizon that anyone had suspected. Also also, Horizon seems to have recently signed on for some kind of big PR push on behalf of ARES (specifics unknown) but was encouraging Tate to further his bug research and knowledge in order to better be able to deal with ARES stuff “if their plans go sideways.” Meanwhile, Carol has an upsetting convo with Candace and Dr. Ellis, where they share some info and theories. The worry is that the dragon that was being prepped for a Queen host may have gotten taken over by someone/something else, possibly the evil contender for the Spirit of the City, V’golkotl. This could imply some kind of master entity making moves behind the scenes, coordinating the bug alliance, etc. Candace tells Carol to accelerate his portion of the Latvian Gambit plan in response, and gives him access to a corporate credit line for the purpose.

The team then writes up another dossier about all of what they just found and put together, and uploads it to the Shadow Chapters for some good rep and meager pay, Carol is once again a little frustrated with the vote going that way. They get a call from Juan, who says that if they do another job for him, involving some internal AZT corp intrigue, he will join the Chapters as well, and that he is continuing to develop/bring out of mothballs all of AZT’s bug-fighting tech and experiments from the bad old days, so he will be able to share more the pheromones, KEV ammo, etc to the Chapters as well, once he’s a member. This job sounds a little shady to some on the team, but Juan’s resources are too valuable to ignore, so they agree.

Keep Your Friends Close
11/22/2021, 1:27:29 PM
Runners
Carol Turpentine
Avocado
Kitten Caboodle aka Kit
Creature
ThinkTank
Aradia, the Street Witch

The team, having set up the meeting and gotten (almost) everyone committed to attending, takes a chill day to restock on gear and upgrade some ‘ware. They cash in their payment bonuses from Tate’s clinic, with Carol getting some major cyberleg upgrades. They do a little checking around for any hints of ambushes or trouble for the meeting but don’t find any.

Simon Andrews asks them to do external security for the meeting but Avocado talks his way inside, not wanting to miss out on the moving and shaking. Old Crow and Quantum Princess are there already setting up the Faraday cage/matrix sec, and Red and Lothan the Wise are working on magical sec. Lothan keeps muttering about dark clouds and ill portents.

The attendees start arriving, the only notable friction is some tension between Wingman and Ken Ichiro/the Yak, and between Shiro Seto and many of the others, he seems quite haughty. Simon is bantering and keeping things light while they wait for the last few arrivals, when the team gets a call from Long Pig Farms: the BBQ came under attack by gangers and bug merges! They request assistance, and Kit, ThinkTank and Creature race up that way. Just as the reach the North Zone, the team receives another call: Becky 99, Praxis, and the other Desolation Angels who were planning to attend got caught in an ambush by some Ramblers wearing bug masks, and they also request aid. Carol, Avocado, and Aradia head that way, taking Candice’s car. Some of the bodyguards split off to do more exterior sec.

Both the teams reach their targets right around the same time, in time to intervene and help out, just as they receive a third call: Juan Xiuhuitl was also ambushed by bug gangers on the way in, and is pinned down and requesting aid. The gangers that hit him and B99 were using jammers, They also get a call from Tate that his facility is under attack and was hit with an EMP, so he won’t be able to make the meeting, but he says his defenses will hold and to help the others. The North team helps chase the bug gangers off- they fall back pretty quickly. The South team has the same experience: suspicious?

All of their armor battered, the team is horrified to receive yet another call from Maggie Goldberg’s assistant, Carol Staples: the meeting was attacked by bugs! It’s a whole disaster! They race back, abandoning Juan to his fate (luckily he survives, but loses his guards and rides, as well as his limited respect for the team). They find the warehouse the meeting was at on fire and collapsing. Avocado runs in, lighting on fire, and gets a quick scan of the area. Aradia also summons a fire spirit to look for survivors and manages to pull Carol Staples out from under a Blue Samurai corpse which was sheltering her. She shares video footage and seems somewhat shell-shocked, and they review the drone footage as well.

What they piece together: wasp spirits first assaulted the magical wards, bombarding them from the top. The bodyguards split off from the central area to cover entrances. Then, a massive crater opened under the central table, pouring out ant and roach spirits. This level of spirit cooperation is unheard of and strange. Many of the VIP’s at the meeting are dragged down into the crater by ants and roaches, while trapped in wasp spit. Seto seems to have killed himself with his guard’s assistance in order to avoid capture, and SId Gambetti was killed while fighting bugs. Candice and Simon look to have made it out together, with Candice using some kind of FABIII field effect suit mod.

Holmes manages to transfer his consciousness away, Mako is revealed as a free spirit and flees in the astral after nearly getting overwhelmed by bugs, Ryu Quan and Flurris also flee in the astral, and Wingman manages to blast free on a portable jetpack and get back to his VTOL. Ken Ichiro is killed, but one of his Monad copy bodyguards gets away, so at least one instance of him survives. Mrs. Clean barely makes it out, and loses most of the baby runner team she brought as bodyguards, which she seems to feel awful about- she’s one of the only ones the team is able to get ahold of and says she is (and likely the others are) going to ground til they figure out who the traitor is.

Carol calls this all in to Dr. Ellis, unable to get ahold of Candice (maybe another EMP?), and passes along some data about bug cooperation. Ellis is fascinated and asks for more. She also agrees to send a sanitation crew and tells the team to clear the immediate area. Shortly after, the building is flattened by explosives and flooded by FABIII from some cloaked supersonics doing a flyby from O’Hare. Carol posts a warning to the Shadow Chapters and NooseNet about the FAB risk in the area.

Simon calls and pays the team to show up for a meeting.They debate going to Tate’s first, but he says they are rebuilding at his spot and he’s fine, so they’d only be in the way. The team is a little worried about that but decides to prioritize what they know is wrong. They meet with Simon at what seems like one of his safehouse/meeting spots, and gets the rundown. After assuring each other that none of them are the traitor to the best of their abilities, Simon offers them additional pay plus a bonus per VIP rescued to get working ASAP on trying to get people back- Chicago’s defenses will be pretty wrecked without these folks present.

The team heads out, deciding to swing by Goober’s first to repair armor from the earlier fight. Goober is in a PTSD flashback, but Avocado manages to snap him out of it a bit. They go back to the warehouse to do some tracking. With drones and Carol’s amazing skills and TT’s strength, they manage to get on the bug’s trails, and follow them through some tunnels bored into and through the sewers. They eventually get clear of any FAB traces and the rest of the team joins Carol and TT in the sewers. They find where the bugs emerged- they seem to have gotten into an unexpected battle with a large Union patrol near the Shattergraves.

The team examines the scene, and notices that some dour dwarf ladies are helping the wounded into a local night shelter, but all seem to be acting suspiciously similarly. There are some evanescing bug corpses present, as well as various metahumans. Kit brings the van around and they and Aradia try to help heal those they can. Creature spots a preteen nervously filming everything from a hiding place, and they bribe the kid for the footage, with too much money and a really nice gun that Carol doesn’t use much. Apparently the Union patrol stumbled into the bugs and they got into it, it sounds like Old Crow, Quantum Princess, and Sarah Silverleaf all got brought into the shelter by the dwarves, but the kid overheard one of the dwarves tell one of the bugs to take the other captives to the “Tower” and they would get these ones there soon.

The team, worried that this shelter is another Universal Brotherhood deal, get ready to raid the shelter and try to rescue whoever they can! Aradia mind probes one of the dwarf woman, which seemingly alerts all of them to her as a threat. The rest of the team fights off syringe-wielding nurses while Carol makes a break for it and runs inside. Pretty horror show in there, he spots a bunch of neighborhood people on disturbingly thick IV’s, which he yanks out of as many as he can after questioning one newer arrival who says “noone ever comes back from the basement.”

He dashes around, finds the basement, and manages to shoot another nurse just before she kills Old Crow. He takes out the last nurse as well as the rest of the team mops up upstairs and starts trying to stabilize people, unhook IV’s, etc. Quantum Princess was killed before Carol could get there but they manage to save Sarah Silverleaf as well. Aradia uses a crucial detox spell to get her and OC back to semi-functional, and they call Simon to get medial onsite to make sure everyone else there doesn’t just get taken advantage of. They decide to pause and wait for medical to arrive to make sure, which takes about 10 minutes.

Next, they race for the old Truman Tower- the tallest building in Chicago. Doing some recon, they see that the now quite heavy winter storm that has blown in seems centered around the tower, obscuring it’s upper levels (which already often sit above the clouds). They debate ways to enter, and knowing about the swirling mass of gangers that usually occupy the building decide for an unconventional entry. Kit zips everyone up the 300th floor one at a time with the VTOL, after Aradia did some astral recon and reported that the 50 floors above are all warded. TT calls Wingman to arrange extraction, as Spire Enterprises is nearby, and manages to convince WM that the team weren’t the traitors at that meeting.

Avocado goes up first and gets dogpiled by a bunch of mixed-faction gangers, all wearing the Fraternitas Insectorum masks. Carol, TT, and Creature follow in quick succession, with Kit doing some stellar rigging to get reinforcements up fast. They finish off the gangers in time for Kit and Aradia to arrive safely, with Aradia calling a fire spirit to keep them warm during the rest of their ascent in the partially ruined and largely exposed skyraker. Kit manages to use nanites to override the old elevator security, and TT gets WM to hit the ward with a few missiles, after Aradia’s attempt to sneak them through fails. They get in a nasty close quarters fight with a wasp spirit that forces itself into the elevator, but manage to prevail, though Avo is badly hurt again.

They reach the penthouse and empty out into a nightmare scene, with the elevator breaking and falling behind them after Kit overclocked it to rush. There is a massive multi-story ant mound, and a shaman appears to be attempting another Queen ritual, this time with Maggie Goldberg, as caretaker spirits prepare to sacrifice Nick Ryder, Red, and Lothan, all encased in cocoons, but still cogent. Ryder yells to the team to save the others, as does Red, while Lothan tells them to save him! Also, some soldier spirits charge.

Figuring that the strategy worked well the last time, the team goes hard on the shaman right off the bat, while Kit rushes over to try to save hostages. Kit manages to take a hit that would have killed Red, and Carol manages to blast the spirit that was about to kill Lothan, but they’re unable to save Ryder, who is decapitated, further powering the ritual. TT and Creature manage to take out the shaman (and Maggie, sadly) after the shaman plunges a dagger into her chest, channeling the sacrifice energy from Ryder. The explosion from Creature’s grenade sends the knife flying who knows where but also disrupts the ritual, causing some bad psychic feedback that hurts the team and momentarily disorients the ant spirits.

The team takes advantage to finish off the fighters, with Creature finally making good use of xyr garrote, and then quickly free Lothan and Red, who help Aradia get the team warmed up and levitating in order to escape the wave of ants that is approaching up the side of the building. They fly away as quick as they can, getting buffeted about by the storm, but manage to hold together long enough for Wingman to do a heroic rotorcraft rescue just below the chop. They get paid from Simon, receive thanks for the various people and communities they helped, and rest and recuperate. There will surely be more work soon, since the bugs are definitively back.

The Bugs are Back
11/22/2021, 12:42:50 PM
Runners
Carol Turpentine
Avocado
Kitten Caboodle aka Kit
Creature
ThinkTank
Aradia, the Street Witch

The team spends some time processing the scene after they interrupt the ritual and finds, as well as the disturbing artifact, evidence of another one as well, which is absent. It seems the threat isn’t over, though at least there isn’t a dragon Queen roaming the streets. They sell the insect shaman’s body to the Draco Foundation for a decent chunk of change, and decide to sell the info about their whole investigation and discovery to Ares and then Aztechnology with a few hours exclusivity each, and then pass it on to the Shadow Chapters, which stresses everyone out. Avocado is really opposed to the corps getting the data early, but gets out-voted, and they begin convincing Juan Xiuthuitl to sign up with the Shadow Chapters by using the info as a carrot, so not all bad.

The team then helps Long Pigs Farm write and post a public apology for the use of one of their trucks, which includes offering up some info about how the recent increase in hunger has effected the infected. LPF announces they’re hosting a public barbecue at their front gate and any are welcome. Kit and Hotkey and some other techies also help them set up a new system called GreyNet to help with authentication and whatnot to make sure people feel safe receiving deliveries from them, and also to help keep their people safe.

The crew then makes a plan to do some drugs at Freaktown to celebrate and go to another Bugstomp rave at Midway that evening, but get distracted when Avocado gets worried about the corps pulling something during their window of exclusivity. He and Carol engage in a semi-tense, semi-friendly bet about what will happen. They hear about a strange short-duration loss of connection a localized area on NooseNet, and head over to investigate, first checking to make sure that Tate didn’t get grabbed with the dragon. He didn’t, and has quickly converted one of his clinics to an isolation ward to treat the large, dangerous patient. It seems well guarded, so the team heads to the spot of the outage to investigate. With some careful CSI work they determine that someone arrived and left rapidly, using hover/aircraft with stealth tech and heavy-duty jammers, and used the Cleansing meta-magic and a cleanup crew to leave very few traces.

However, just a hint of constrained buginess hints at Ares’ involvement, though the team can’t figure out what exactly they did or who they took or whatever. They head back to the bolthole to chill til evening, and finally hear back from Beuregard Shan about the Avatar card- apparently a trio of assassins have been using the disguise of young party girls to get close to Monad or other CFD-infected targets and eliminate them, seemingly on behalf of the Corporate Court’s unofficial assassin org, the Coalition. It seems like the corps are cleaning house ahead of the Monad’s launching their spacecraft.

The team determines based on this that Joseph Mnguni, the head of Izolo Inc., may be a target since he is depicted on one of the cards linked to the Avatars, and decide to use this tip to try to get in good with Spinrad, and get Miranda King to sign up with the Shadow Chapters locally. Avocado does a decent job selling this all to MK, who seems skeptical but agrees to look into it. The team also finds with some research that Mnguni has some ties to the Heavenherds as well as to Thomas Roxborough and Universal Omnitech, from their time in Azania back in the day.

Finally ready to party, they head to Freaktown to pre-game with a contact of Aradia’s, and Kit grosses everyone out by demonstrating their CFD digestion by eating a pizza slice folded around a live rat, after asking for a Manhattan at decidedly the wrong kind of spot. They also find out that some of the changelings who live here who SURGEd during the Year of the Comet developed a FABIII immunity as part of it, and work as cleanup crews for areas where it may be present. Most of the team smokes some Chicago Grey, and Avocado learns a dangerous new trick: if he drinks blood from someone while they’re high he get trace effects, which activates all of his addictions.

The team then heads to Midway for the rave, and notices security is a bit on edge. Spotting an ex-corp combat hacker he knows, TT chats Angoka up, and finds out that the Freewatch crew that had been offering training and bug-fighting tips never showed up today and has been in a comms blackout- no call, no show, so folks are concerned. Carol and Avocado share a worried look and decide to cancel their bet, though Carol tries to justify it as a thing that was gonna happen sometime, and only happened now because of the team’s info, so it isn’t really their fault. Regardless, seems like Ares is making moves to be the only real bug fighters in town.

Avocado gets pulled aside while the rest of the team parties and dances, with TT impressing everyone with his good list of local contacts, especially some gritty old-timers like Wingman. Red, Old Crew and Quantum Princess tell Avo that they want his team to trade on the good name the team has built to contact every corp Johnson, freelance fixer, and other person who puts up money for runs, and get them all to meet up irl and talk through how they’re going to work together to fight the bug threat. Red, OC, and QP will start spreading the word through runners and the Shadow Chapters, but the team has a unique positions in town as not having made a lot of high level enemies, so they seem well suited to the task of getting the middle managers to meet. Simon Andrews is already on board and has a spot lined up.

The team begins calling around the list, and making a few additions of other mover and shakers they think should be present. Most people quickly agree due to the team’s good rep, a few are hard sells, and the only “no” they get is from Miranda King, who asks for a briefing upon her return- apparently the team’s Tarot tip paid off and she’s out of town for a bit helping deal with the aftermath. So they seem to have made good progress on getting in tighter with her but Spinrad won’t be repped at the meeting. Everyone else is planning to be there. Now the team just has to provide security and make sure it stays safe.

Windy City Chaos
11/15/2021, 7:14:27 PM
Runners
Carol Turpentine
Avocado
Kitten Caboodle aka Kit
Creature
ThinkTank
Aradia, the Street Witch

The team continues hanging with Aradia, and discussing Tarot after the successful run for Maggie Goldberg. Avocado joins them and they dig deep into the Avatars. They get a somewhat frantic call from Goober, who wants to hire them on spec for a job investigating some friends of his who seem to have just gone missing. Quantum Princess is providing some hacking support already, and Goober has gotten Tate to agree to have mobile trauma unit ready to treat any rescues from the vanished community. They agree, and head to the spot, on the Northside.

After doing some quality CSI-ing, they find that the local community was knocked out with gas and kidnapped by ghouls posing as Long Pig Farms delivery driver, the real versions of which seem also to have been attacked and kidnapped. The team calls it into LPF, and Slim gives them a tracker for the truck, though he says they’ll need to get close if it already crossed into the Zone, which some Horde contacts confirm that it did.

Luckily Carol is able to track the truck via some leaking oil, and QP and Kit manage to home in on a creepy abandoned school using the tracker. There’s a large group of feral ghouls outside, who Kit makes short work of with the team van and ram plate, after Carol catches them all in a lube grenade. Carol, Aradia, TT and Creature drop down into the school from the roof, finishing off a batch of seemingly sentient ghouls who are feasting on one of the missing community members, and free 2 other captives also in the cafeteria. Avocado enters from outside and takes care of the 2 fake LPF drivers, while Carol and TT take out 2 more ghouls trying to sneak up on them by triangulating with the TacNET and Aradia’s assensing.

Kit gets the captives plus the 2 inured, real, LPF drivers stabilized and safely in the van, and also jury rigs the damaged LPF truck to work if needed before heading in as well. The team breaks down a hefty ward in the library, and finds a wide tunnel leading underground. They find some mutated ant-ghouls, but luckily just workers, who ignore them and continue tunneling. They send the drones down the other tunnel, which spot a massive ritual seemingly trying to infest a captured dragon with a bug spirit, and are then quickly destroyed. Having seen only a few guards the team decides to bum rush it.

They race in and get in a brutal fight, but manage to take out the soldier spirit merges, as well as the vampiric shaman performing the ritual. Some of the team starts freeing captives from the cocoons that worker spirits are placing them in, and TT rushes outside to call Tate to get some help. Creature and Kit and Aradia try to help the dragon, but her wounds seem serious and beyond their capacity to heal. Kit doses her with nanites are she consents (and then passes out) to try to keep her stable until Tate gets there.

They find that they only lost the one community member who was eaten, and also locate many other missing people (Leyline Walkers and others) who they hadn’t previously found, though those who have been here more than a few days are too far gone and have to be put down. Goober calls in Becky 99 to assense the survivors and make sure they’re clean before they are returned home, and Goober, Tate, and Long Pig Farms all give the team various rewards. LPF also asks for help drafting a public statement to do some damage control, since these ghouls seem to have been grabbing folks for a while and LPF doesn’t want to be associated with them, but understand that they likely will be if they don’t get on top of it.

The team also finds another upsetting artifact similar to the one at the Foul One’s lair- this one seemingly a rotting piece of food covered in writhing ants, carved in stone.

Do No Harm
8/9/2021, 4:53:20 PM
Runners
Carol Turpentine
Kitten Caboodle aka Kit
Creature
ThinkTank
goodbye to: Hotkey
and introducing: Aradia, the Street Witch

After his lightning strikes, almost getting caught by GOD, and pulling off some epic hacks and getting paid, HK has decided it’s time to retire from the group and spend more time with his family. He agrees to take one of the memory alteration potions from Patty C to remove some specific memories of the safehouse location, and gets removed from the team TacNET. Creature makes a small spiderweb present for him, which his daughter enjoys, and he offers to still do remote hack for hire jobs sometimes when the team needs him.

With Avocado occupied attuning himself to their safehouse environment, finally fulfilling his dryad nature, the remaining team head out to meet up with Maggie Goldberg about a job. They also hear that a new Johnson in town is hiring to find out who did the boat heist, and Carol coordinates with Candice Philips to frame a rival at ARES, which will have the dual effect of getting everyone off of the team’s tail, as well as making LoneStar look bad for arresting the ARES guy based on bad evidence when it turns out it wasn’t actually him.

They meet Maggie at the Open Enclave, and are introduced to Aradia, a street witch from Metropole who recently arrived in town, and who Maggie says has useful skills for the job. Which is, to quickly ruin a man’s life in order to get him in an unstable mental position to further some goal Maggie has. She gives them different target areas, limitations, and timelines and they agree on a fee. With the room rented for the day, the team stays there to start planning, and get to know Aradia a bit.

They come up with some solid schemes and start putting them in motion. That night, Kit drives Aradia by the man’s residence, and she casts a Foreboding spell on the master bedroom, just for a little bit, to throw him and his wife off before they sleep. The next day, Kit rents a dump truck from Goober and Carol buys a bunch of sand/dirt mix to load it up with, and TT and Kit dump in all over the driveway and lawn, making a big show of being ostentatiously sloppy, while the couple is at work. Aradia helps Carol complete the ARES con also.

That night, Aradia casts foreboding again, and then with TT and Carol works up a disguise for the next day’s plan. Creature is mostly gathering supplies for these various schemes inside the Zone, due to xyr unique appearance. The next day, Aradia, in disguise as a possible undercover restaurant critic, heads to the wife’s restaurant, while Kit does some light hacking and poses as a nearby restauranteur and calls in to warn that a critic is coming through. Aradia does some subtle social hacking to get the mood right, and then manages to entice and heavily flirt with the wife, who opens up about some trouble at home since the kids went off to college. She leaves but hints that she will return “soon.”

She then changes her disguise for the next day, in a way that should at least still be subconsciously recognizable by the wife without being overtly identifiable, and gets some fake medical records from Dr. Tate. Since it’s a weekend, they need to get the wife out of the house, so TT goes to the restaurant and blows up one of the toilets with a small charge, while pretending it was troll bulk, and fleeing quickly. With the wife rushing off to deal with the crisis, Aradia shows up, pretending to be the target’s previously unknown love child. She totally cons him, and Carol, watching the live footage, spots another angle to exploit: the couple’s son is still trapped in Boston.

Aradia gets the target to open up a bit, and also to introduce him to his wife, which as planned makes the wife very uncomfortable as she seems to partially recognize Aradia but can’t quite figure out what the fuck is going on. The target notices the discomfort, and Aradia arranges to meet him privately the next day. Carol, TT and Aradia compose a message saying they have info about the missing son, and Kit calls in a favor from a Yakuza contact. They then hire a hacker named Kobold, who seems to be running another job against the target’s workplace, to send the message to the target’s terminal, and make sure it gets opened, which Kobold will use as a spear-fishing attack to gain others access, and which will get the target in trouble at work when the security breach is traced.

The next day, Aradia meets the target a cheapish hotel near O’Hare, and fakes her own death using slab. Kit’s Yak contact calls on a burner set up for this purpose, until the target picks up, and explains that his fake daughter owed them money, and that now that she’s dead the debt transfers to him. The Yak, Ken Ichiro, offers to help deal with the body, with the understanding that this is a further favor he’ll owe them for. Ken also help him concoct a cover story for his wife. Kit and Carol, in disguise, show up at the hotel as the Yak disposal team, and further spook the target, who scampers off home, thoroughly destabilized.

The next day they hear from Kobold that he took the spear fishing bait, and she got what she needed and made sure security would notice where the breach came from. Figuring this is job complete, they report in to Maggie, who seems well-satisfied, and pays up. They are about to head back to the safehouse and part ways with Aradia for now, when she enquires if they have any Tarot knowledge (as they’ve dropped some Seelie Court hints), and reveals that she also possesses a card, and one the team hasn’t seen: The Avatars, one of the greater arcana. This seems to ensure her place on the team, at least for another run, as they agree to share knowledge and keep collab-ing for the time being.

Some Wet Work
8/3/2021, 1:49:57 PM
Runners
Hotkey
Avocado
Carol Turpentine
Kitten Caboodle aka Kit
Creature
and introducing: ThinkTank

The team takes a look at work offers: a job from Maggie, a job from Sid, and this pile of Tarot cards, including the 4 6’s that they completed with Keg’s contribution and the card they recovered from the Foul One’s swamp tent. They decide to focus on the Tarot first, and spend some time analyzing the 6’s, finding clues that hint to a lost treasure. Doing some research on old terminals that Lycus has collected, and some matrix research on JackPoint and DealerNet, and calling in some favors from Ryder and others, they put together the rough outline. A bee shaman kidnapped a woman in St Louis and came to Chicago just before the lockdown. The woman managed to break free and apparently his car was towed, which seems to contain his treasure, likely a large quantity of royal jelly that the shaman would have used to make the woman a new host for Bee Queen.

There are no further records, but piecing together everything they found out from the cards and the research, they think they know where it wound up, info that noone else likely has had access to. Apparently a bug cult known as Harrow’s Hive is also after the treasure, having put out some feelers about it over the years. The team has a lengthy debate and series of votes about what to do with this info, as well as what to do with the cards themselves, which will likely be useful in some sort of ritual, which may or may not be connected.

They end up deciding to recruit ARES to help retrieve the jelly, and sell it to them, in exchange for ARES agreeing to wipe out Harrow’s Hive. Carol calls Dr. Ellis, who is creepily excited about this prospect. The team worries they may have made a mistake not getting this to Arleesh, but Carol argues that at least ARES will use it to fight bugs, even if their methods are creepy, and anyway it’s too late to change the plan now. Avocado also reaches out to the Ebon Queen, through Dan the Formorian safehouse master, to try to find out about the ritual. She contacts Hotkey in a dream and tells him that it will allow for magical shapeshifting for a limited duration for up to 12 participants, but only to a limited set of appearances.

Another debate ensues, partially because one of the potential appearances is that of Hansu Mitoritsu, the famed prophecist, which Avocado worries could be used to sow dangerous chaos. So, at TT’s suggestion, they sell the set to a group of assassin’s with moral codes who he knows. He compiles a group of 12 to offer the buy in to, without being overly specific, and gets 7 takers. So the team gets 2 decent paydays! They then head out to get the jelly and hope not to get swarmed by bugs til they can make the handoff to ARES.

They find it right where it should be- it seems a quickened, masked illusion spell has kept it concealed all these years as the other cars around it in the impound were stolen, broken up for parts, or wrecked. TT pops the trunk open and they find a massive jar of opalescent jelly. Carol, with his enhanced smell ability, almost succumbs to temptation and eats some, but the rest of the team stop him. They race out of the lot as they hear fluttering wings incoming, and rendezvous with ARES choppers who blast the bugs (and the neighborhood) with FAB III and conventional weaponry.

Ellis emerges in some ill-fitting combat armor, and trades payment for the jelly, once again seemingly disturbingly excited to have it. Carol calls Candice to warn her that Ellis may be trending bug-ward, and Candice tells him not to worry about, as Ellis is “well in hand.” She also hints about something called “Operation Latvian Gambit” but clams up when she realizes that Carol hasn’t been read in yet. The team also decides to do a little good, and gives the Matrix card, with an explanation of it’s use, to Sam, so she can have at least a temporary return of her lost TM powers, and close up any unfinished business in the Resonance. She is very touched and thrilled to be properly reunited with Remo, overcoming her initial suspicions that this is some kind of cruel joke. Ryder and Remo are both also grateful.

The team then decides to accept Sid’s job, for some industrial sabotage, and heads to the Navy Pier, in Union turf, to meet with him and the Johnson. The Johnson turns out to be none other than Wingman, the head of Spire Enterprises, and TT bonds with him over some shared war stories. They accept his job to sabotage a shipping/smuggling competitor who is trying to move in on his turf, by stealing or destroying a shipment of medical supplies from a company that usually uses Spire, but instead went with the competitor this time. The team explains they won’t pollute the lake, not wanting to anger the Sea Dragon, and Wingman says their methods are up to them so long as the shipment doesn’t reach it’s destination.

They head out to start researching. They also formally invite TT into the team, intro him to the safehouses, and also the group norms, which Creature quietly reads in the background, since noone ever actually told xyr that they were a thing before. They drive down to Calumet Harbor to do some initial digging, but after surveilling the place it seems a little tricky to gain access to the Simurgh Freight offices, and with Hotkey having his new Agent loaded up, he’s feeling cocky and just does the whole investigation himself with a slick hack. He gets the boat name, route, and crew manifest (including security), just before a demiGOD shows up and he bails. Kit races away from the area as some sec drones start circling.

Reviewing what they found, they make a plan, and decide to recruit some allies and gear up. Becky 99 reaches out and tells them she heard about the gig (Avo confirms this was her putting 2 and 2 together after getting minimal details from an over-excited Sid, but still…). She wants them to save the four containers and bring them to her, as they contain medical supplies which can be put to good use in Zone communities. Avo checks with the Sea Dragon’s local rep, Mako, about this being ok to do on the water, which Mako seems to view as an approval they definitely needed to get, but does give the go ahead, telling them to send at least one container from the ship to the lake floor as an offering. They also recruit Big Meat and spirit assistance from Ryujin in exchange for one of the containers of medical supplies.

Feeling like they have the beginnings of a plan, they add some tow capability to the sub, and also buy a powered sled with a tow hook and a bunch of diving gear. They arrange for the Desolation Angels to meet them at Goober’s docks to accept their goods, and get some rest before heading out to intercept the ship. Creature is in the VTOL, aiming to alpha strike the enemy sniper, hoping noone else will be on deck due to the gnarly storm that has blown in. Xe gets dropped stealthily basically right on the sniper, and manages to poison them with a paralytic and also uses xyr spider silk gland to pin their hands until it kicks in. Unfortunately, xe comes under attack from a spirit of air, and can’t get the rest of the team aboard, so onto plan B for that.

Kit surfaces the sled and ThinkTank chucks the winch hook up to the deck, allowing Avo to quickly slither up it and hide, as TT follows with Kit on his back. HK, meanwhile, is busily bricking devices left and right in an all-out matrix assault with Kit’s assistance. They manage to cut the sniper’s comms early, and then also take out the rigger just before HK is hit by lightning (twice!) and nearly killed. Kit manages to finish off the decker with their new Monad Cloud abilities, and then sneaks over the crane and starts throwing cargo around. Avo and TT manage to take out the 2 close combat specialists who come to repel boarders without killing either, before Avo is chased off by the spirit, who has also dumped Creature over the side. Avo takes some bad astral damage, and then TT tangles with the spirit to keep it distracted from Kit. TT also gets chucked off the side, but Kit finishes up with the crane and dives into the water, rigging the sub remotely to grab their sinking body, as they can’t swim.

Everyone else manages to link back up and get aboard the various vessels, and with the help of Big Meat, the water spirit, and Creature, TT and Avo all being quite strong, and Kit quite good at rigging, manage to send one spare container to the bottom for the Sea Dragon and capture the other 4. Big Meat takes one back for the merrow as promised, and the water spirit helps them get the other 3 to the Deso Angels, keeping the storm from causing much trouble. Mission accomplished, they get paid by Becky and Sid (after his cut), and boost their rep with them as well as with Wingman. They head back to the safehouses to rest up and get ready for Maggie’s job next.

Freedom From The Void
7/16/2021, 1:19:57 PM
Runners
Carol Turpentine
goodbye to: Keg
introducing: Leonid
guest appearances from: Aylin, Toast, April Halfwoman, Chessick Allens-Whitehill

The team takes some downtime as Aylin gets back to town with Patty C from linking up Arleesh with Mama and the Sea Dragon for some sort of “secret project.” They hire Carol and Keg as local guides and assistants, alongside Kit’s old Evo contact Leonid, a rigger who Kit thought had died in a test pilot crash. Leonid seems to have slipped into the shadows and is in Chicago looking for work for a bit. Fargus Sol has also hired the assassins Toast and April, and the face/hacker Chessick, who was already in Chicago, to round out the team. They decide to run a con on the Black Lodge to get them to bring the 3rd Book of 9 Gates to town, and then ambush them, but also expect a counter-ambush.

They use the artifact they found at the Foul One’s base as a lure, and carefully leak the intel that they possess it and are looking to trade for one of the books, hinting at cult connections. Chessick plays up how they really don’t know what they have and aren’t a real threat to try to minimize response. They get a call back shortly, and Chessick negotiates the trade and sets up a meet spot based on the team’s scouting. He and Leonid then retreat to a nearby bar to provide remote matrix and drone support for the mission. They team has chosen the former GI lab that Ares just raided to minimize any collateral damage or LoneStar interactions during this encounter, and Leonid helps April get in place with a sniper rifle above Spire Enterprises in their building’s unused floors.

Carol, Aylin and Keg are the ground team making the handoff, while Toast provides overwatch from a nearby roof. The Vigilia Evangelica is waiting nearby with the 3rd Book in a chopper with a mobile exorcism ritual set up insde, and Fargus Sol and other Arleesh operatives are also close-ish with the third book to trade back for the toxic artifact. The BL team arrives via invisible levitation, but Toast and April spot them setting up a trap as well and spring their ambush first. Unfortunately, 6Cylinder is present in his new vengeful spirit form, and quickly kills Toast before he is felled by April and Keg. However, he doesn’t disapparate, and Aylin notices he seems to be bound to his gun- she severs the connection with her whip, and he vanishes into the gun. She grabs it.

Meanwhile, in a chaotic gun and spell fight, the team manages to fell the Black Lodgers, with big assistance from an alchemically invisible April and quality drone support from Leonid, who also manages to snatch the Book the BL brought out from the middle of the fight. They finish them off, and strangely find that Toast’s body has vanished, leaving a hint of dragon mana vibe behind… They hightail it over to the Catholics, while Keg and April hop on a bike to swap artifacts with Fargus Sol, who is accompanied by a woman who is quite possibly Arleesh in human form. Avocado joins up to negotiate on behalf of Aylin, and convinces the Catholics to also include 6Cyl’s revolver in the ritual to try to free his spirit also.

The chopper takes off, hearing from Carol (on overwatch) that BL reinforcements, or some other hostile, are en route. April and Keg take out one of the reinforcements on their way back with the Book, and chuck it into the chopper, which starts heading out over the lake to ditch pursuers. Carol and Leonid manage to take out the second pursuer, though Tate’s clinic roof and top floor is badly damaged by a missile aimed at Carol that he has to jump off the building to avoid. In the chopper, the Catholic exorcist leads the ritual while the alchemist tries to stabilize the whole thing, with Patty C’s assistance.

Aylin reaches out and feels a brief moment of connection with 6C before a massive pressure wave blows out all the windows in the chopper and sends them into a spin. The pilot manages to right it and land them, and Aylin notices the revolver has exploded, but finds an intact grip to keep as a memento. Patty C explains that both Aylin and 6C are finally free from Tohu-Wa-Bohu but that, and 6C is fully gone. Aylin will not be able to bond with a regular mentor spirit again, but Mama has offered her patronage, it seems she is the Spirit of the City of Boston, and possible one of (if not the) only surviving Passions from the 4th World. Mama had explained to Patty C that Spirits of the City will likely be an early target for Horror corruption in the 6th World, much as Passions were in the 4th. This explains some of what the Foul One was potentially up to, helping shedim and using her strange artifact. More disturbing things to investigate…

Keg, having been badly wounded yet again on this mission, decides to take off with April, who finds him somewhat useful and very easy to manipulate, by promising him regular sex with a mostly robotic “hot” person and regular doses of Jazz. It seems sort of sad and weird but noone really tries to talk Keg out of it, as he is very gung-ho. The rest of the team rests up and spends some their payday. April also gets Carol a recommendation to join Brokerage X, finally, and he gets assigned an ex-runner using the street named 3Card as his handler there, and finds out about some of the strange investment opportunities they offer. Carol also convinces the team to give the intel they found about Toast to ARES, likely limiting Toast’s future usefulness to Saeder-Krupp significantly.

April, Aylin, and Patty C have also all been recruited into a new magical threat fighting, semi-formal organization called Grey Cell, which is the project that Arleesh has been putting together and recruiting backers for: they are getting various specialists on retainer to be able to respond to magical threats and oddities with more agility and speed as they arise, and these three all seem to have passed their test with this mission’s success and gained an invite, which they accept. Aylin and Patty C agree with the team to keep using Ahabitat when they are in town but to maintain secrecy norms and whatnot about it, and they will likely not be there much, but Patty C offers to try to help keep the Vault of Ages a little stocked up.

Collective Action
6/28/2021, 1:32:48 PM
Runners
Hotkey
Avocado
Carol Turpentine
Kitten Caboodle aka Kit
Creature
and introducing: ThinkTank

Hotkey and Enkaa have been helping expand Opti’s area of positive influence, partially out of HK feeling guilty over literally blowing up his spot shortly after arriving in town, and Enkaa has now founded a Sprawl Scouts chapter in the neighborhood as well to encourage positive action amongst the various youth, and an alternative to gang life for some. HK also hears from Mrs. Clean that she has a pro contact in town if the team needs another member to fill in the recent loss of Keg. HK gets the contact number and says he’ll be in touch. Clean warns him that although the new guy knows his stuff, he’s also a little old school and used to mostly working solo, or at least not with a regular crew.

The rest of the team bids a temporary farewell to Aylin and Patty C as they head for Boston, and plan out next steps. They decide to look into the missing runners for the Shadow Chapters, and do some matrix and IRL digging, after picking up HK and his new contact ThinkTank, a massive, elderly troll, who seems to be surprisingly nondescript for his size and who has worked primarily as an assassin, and seems to know a weird mix of people around town from that life. They manage to narrow down the likely places where the missing team (runners they competed for a job with their first night in town!) might have vanished from, and locate their former safehouse: now a nano-facturing site under construction by ARES.

Making contact with some local activists trying to organize a protest, Avocado finds a survivor of the raid that cleared the building for ARES to move in, a local squatter named Gravy. Gravy relates how a team of runners looked out for the squatter community that lived there and used it as a safehouse between jobs. A team of well-armed mercs broke in after the runners’ last mission (a total milk run) concluded, and killed them while they slept. They also killed any squatters who didn’t instantly flee, and then posted up til the official ARES presence arrived. Gravy thinks the mercs then changed into ARES Sec uniforms and are still onsite.

Reviewing descriptions and whatnot, the team determines this is likely the freelance mercs they’ve run into a few times in town, working on ARES’ behalf. Gravy also tells them the location of a secret tunnel he used to escape, that he doesn’t think the mercs found since he closed it behind himself, in exchange for Avo promising revenge. The team investigates the tunnel, and makes a deal with a feral dog shaman and his pack of cram-addicted dogs to pass to and fro in exchange for obeisance and small payment, which Creature manages well with xyr animal knowledge.

They find the tunnel entrance into the building sealed and intact, and HK gets some old records of floor plans from Lycus, while Kit gets Remo to find building info- it seems ARES acquired this spot recently in the NeoNET fire sale, it was formerly one of their holdings through a series of corp collapses and acquisitions since the Zone went up. The neighborhood is rapidly getting corporatized though, with a new “edgy” sports bar moving in down the block and the Maker’s Collective getting sponsored by Horizon. The team reports into Jazz, their main Shadow Chapters contact, who tells them she’ll work on a proper job to get revenge, as they can’t let this stand. She offers the team first option for this job, since they already know the in’s and out’s and they seem interested.

She gets back a little while later with the news that Tate is interested in sponsoring, as he’s been quite skeptical on the dangers of nanofacture, and Avo and the rest of the team starts planning how to boost the protest outside (as well as the brutal eviction, ARES is also busing in all the workers, so no local jobs) and how to use it as a distraction, though Kit insists they can’t put protestors at extra risk. They go meet with Tate, who seems invested in using this an opportunity to get protestors away from his clinic by distracting them with nano-fears. Avocado agrees to help stir up a bigger protest and also con the Freedom Network into redeploying their Popular Will protestors to this site. The rest of the team agrees to take a job from Tate to destroy the 2 nano-forges ARES will have onsite. He wants it done overnight, before employees are bused in to start running tests and begin production the next day, but otherwise leaves collateral damage up to the team.

They gear up with some assorted stealth tech, and pick up 2 thermite burning bars that Tate provided. HK calls Opti to get him to get some drones onsite, and he reports that 2 competing vloggers are also there, one more pro-corp, one more pro-“the people”, both a bit obnoxious. The team also sends a bunch of fireworks to the protest for added distraction, with instructions to Avo to use as needed. They string drones along to make a comms relay as they head back into the sewers. They bribe Mange and his pack with drugs and med supplies, and get safe passage. They safely enter the facility undetected, and Kit finds a spare coverall that fits, and slips out of the supply closet with some more drones to do some recon.

Kit manages to bluff some techs that they belong (as they are a nanotech expert), and gets a look around- only one forge is present! They find a shipping manifest suggesting the other is enroute, but will arrive too late for the team to risk waiting. HK manages to hack in to the host after Kit finds a vulnerable data port, and gets the transit info for the truck the other forge is on. Kit decides to do a more complex sabotage on the present one to make it look like maybe an accident, and they and HK collab on a script to get the nanites to start self-cannibalizing and eating the machine. ThinkTank provides some burning bar tips, and Kit uploads the script and burns a hole in the safe nanite containment vessel, causing some rapidly escalating chaos.

The few techs onsite start trying to put out the fire and then quickly call for deploying and EMP to limit nanite spread, and the team escapes via the chaos, with ThinkTank leaving a nasty little (nonlethal) chemical bomb rigged up for anyone who follows, which he made while stuck in the supply closet. They rip down the guide lights in the sewer as they exit to slow any followers further, and head topside. Avocado stays at the protest to keep things from escalating far enough that the ARES guards will start shooting live ammo, and the rest of the team quickly gets Goober to camo spray the van before picking an ambush site.

Carol also calls up and hires the Frenemies, the smash and grab crew that they met a few weeks back on another job, to get them to do their thing and cause another traffic jam on the route, getting the forge truck stuck for the team to hit. They race over and find the Frenemies worked well on a tight schedule, and staged a multi-vehicle crash just outside the West Zone entrance, trapping the forge truck on a frontage road. Kit parks just outside the jam, and the team heads in on foot, TT and HK racing forward as Creature blows open the back of the truck and takes out drones from afar, with fire support from Carol. A spirit slows them down a bit, but Kit manages to ram it back to the metaplanes with the van, and HK provides cover for TT to get into the back of the truck and hurl the thermite bar into the forge there, and then convince the ARES guards to let them back slowly away before someone gets killed- everything has been nonlethal so far, and the only damage was to spirits and drones.

The ARES guards agree, feeling literally trapped, and the team flees. Carol makes some elaborate plans to use his new Brokerage X access to help ARES out though- he’s going to tip Candice Phillips to what happened before it goes public, so she can figure out a way to make some money off of the insider trading. He also plans to use this as a way to get Candice on board with the Shadow Chapters, explaining that this kind of thing doesn’t need to happen how it did, and only went this way because ARES geeked a bunch of well-respected runners in their sleep. Tate seems pleased with their work, as usual, and pays up, as well as signing on for the Shadow Chapters himself.

While everyone heals up and some get implants/upgrades, Carol calls Candice, who says she’s never liked him or understood why his dad vouched for him, until now, and that she finally respects him at least. She hints that ARES global has some ambitions that won’t be bothered about losing a major investment in the Chicago branch, and agrees to participate in the Shadow Chapters to ensure smoother operations in the future. Carol feels this was a grand success, all in all.

Fighting A Foul Few
6/14/2021, 4:31:17 PM
Runners
Hotkey
Avocado
Carol Turpentine
Kitten Caboodle aka Kit
Creature
Keg

Meeting with Lothan, the team finds out what he needs done: an old enemy needs to be permanently dealt with, as he worries about what she is doing to the local manasphere in this time of flux, and also is trying to kill him more actively than usual. He explains that this a toxic mosquito shaman named the Foul One, who is also a wendigo. He gives them some pro tips on fighting wendigos, and also says that as she is a skilled mimic and has him under surveillance, they won’t be able to discuss the job again til it’s done for fear of interference He teaches Avo some basic assensing in order to be able to positively ID him in person (hopefully). He also gives them a quicksilver camera to help them prove they fought toxies, in order to get bounty payouts from various groups, and also a variety of potions in order to empower them in the battle to come.

Kit buys and starts tricking out a classic runner van to replace Avo’s dead car, adding on the useful bits the Frenemies salvaged at Goober’s yard. The rest of the team gathers equipment and intel. They make a plan, which is to use Ares to assault the northern branch of Swamp Thangs turf, in Shattergaves, to pull off some defenders, use Desolation Angels to fight mosquito spirits in the Calumet Swamp, and have the team do an alpha strike on the Foul One and her core cadre that remains. Carol gets some FAB III grenades, which Ares seems creepily eager to see used, and also meets a Dr. Ellis, who he recalls from the team file as one of the Project Apex heads from DeeCee. She offers their services again, saying they are excited to test out the updated version. After some careful social investigation, and some favors to Tate and Ryder and drone surveillance, they ID the likely base of ops in Shattergraves, an abandoned Gilgamesh Initiative lab that had once hosted an insect shaman, and which seems to be connected via new tunneling directly to the heart of Shattergraves. They tip Ares to this, and hope they can limit collateral damage, not wanting any chance of the ST’s getting tipped off.

Avo also recalls that the Desolation Angels magical order had a weird “friendly bug” vibe when he initiated, and carefully investigates this via their member Praxis. She doesn’t fully confirm, but they seem likely to be mantid spirits, which hunt and eat other bugs. They tell the DA’s that they have FAB and plan to have them hang back and fight spirits so they don’t get exposed. The team also finds out that Foul One has long been importing strange relics and items into the CZ, including the Jade Cup that the team recently used to close the shedim threat from Auslander. She apparently started following mosquito while on an expedition deep in the Amazonain jungle, where she found a valley full of strange temples to various insects, and she is also an acolyte of something called the “Vast Green”, seemingly an eco-fascist movement, or possibly a Horror, with some connection the Logos death cult and Sirrurg, the Destroyer. All worrying stuff…

The team spends a bit of time gearing up and upgrading arms and armor. They get in place with the Deso Angels, near to the Calumet Swamp lair. Carol calls in the Ares strike force to the Shattergraves site, and the team gives it 45 minutes based on estimated travel times and whatnot to lure away as many defenders as possible. They enter the edge of the swamp, come under assault by spirits, and retreat, luring the spirits into the Deso Angels trap. The team splits off and heads in. The woods are disturbing and seem to be moving about and trying to trick them. They end up fighting some flesh forms and a radiation spirit, expending one of the FAB III charges. They continue on and find that twisted trees are moving around behind and around them, guiding them towards the center.

Creature tries to get a better look, and scales a tree, but is almost consumed by it’s toxic core. Avo confirms they’re headed towards the worst place in the astral, at least. They continue, and use 2 more FAB grenades to try to pierce confusing illusions they find themselves within before realizing that they are already inside of the tent, made of human skins, that the Foul One uses as her mobile magical lodge. They get into a brutal fight with a mosquito spirit, 4 toxic shamans, and the Foul One herself, managing to quickly take out 2 of the shamans and the spirit (via Creature’s monofil garrote plus an impressive jump, and another FAB grenade). They also set off another FAB grenade and the Sunbeam potion from Lothan, trying to tag the Foul One, but mostly miss on both. Luckily, all the damage and excitement has allowed most of the team to see through the illusions at least, giving them a fighting chance.

The fight continues, with the team felling the 2 remaining shamans, and a second wave of flesh forms as well as a toxic gator arriving. The gator nearly kills Carol before leaving him for dead and chasing down Creature, as both Keg and HK are felled by various attacks, only to be revived by Kit, frantically charging around the battlefield with their medical shield deployed. Creature manages to avoid getting killed by the gator and lobs a couple grenades into it’s mouth as it snaps, but is nearly killed xyrself by the nearby explosions. HK manages to finish the gator off with some APDS, though it’s much less effective at piercing it’s thick hide, so the team is quite glad Creature managed to attack it from inside.

The standing survivors finally get to focus their attention on the Foul One, and a few notice that she has left an illusory self behind while attempting to retreat. Keg manages to tag her with a machine pistol burst, staggering her and giving Avocado enough time to charge up and bite her. As her final act she overcasts a massive toxic wave, killing Avo by burning a huge hole through his center. Luckily, he’s a banshee now, so Kit manages to just barely stabilize him enough to swallow some of the healing potions from Lothan, and Kit uses the rest of the potions to get the rest of the team on their feet.

They notice that the gator and the rest of the tent (and swamp) seem to be rapidly going through cycles of rot and regrowth, in a chaotic somewhat cancerous way, and decide they better beat feet as the water is also rising. Keg, needing a trophy, manages to tear off a section of the Foul One’s rotted armor jacket, and finds a strange journal in the pocket. HK, unable to stifle his curiosity, salvages a data core and finds a strange hidden artifact, a writhing ouroboros of vines, inside 2 rusting old school terminals. They flee.

Luckily, Avo rallies and manages to give some solid tips to Kit, who handily navigates them out. They are all crashing badly from combat drugs, but the swamp seems so chaotic in it’s magical fits as to be effectively ignoring them. They find the surviving Deso Angels outside, who seem to have lost 1 of their members and 1 of the newbs, but say the other newb proved herself and will replace their lost sister. Avo senses a fresh mantid vibe to her, and decides to investigate more later. They get in the van and head out for medical and money. They decide to pass the artifact to Fargus Sol, trusting him to be able to transport and keep it safe. He tells them to stay mobile and he will have some local operatives grab it on the road, and tells them he’ll have some work for them soon.

A cybered-up elf (Toast) and a dead-eyed cybered-up woman (April Halfwoman) roll up on bikes, and Toast does some fancy gymnastics to hop over to the van, grab the arifact, and swing back onto his bike before they speed off. Sol calls them a while later and informs them that this artifact would have a corrupting influence on spirits and the mana sphere, and to tell noone else of its existence. Meanwhile, Carol calls in a favor to get an expedited bounty license on his legal SIN, and they drop off the proof at Archangel Bounty Redemption, getting a significant payout the next day after it’s all reviewed. They head over to Lothan, verify it’s really him, and give him the brief also. Keg has discovered another 6 Tarot card in the journal, which they tell Lothan, and give him the rest of the info except about the artifact. Lothan suggests he would like to be involved, suspecting that something larger is at work, and gives the team some hints as to what he thinks the Foul One was up to (basically, corrupting spirits and the manasphere to ensure that whatever spirit follows Calumet, who was slain by FAB III as the Spirit of the City, it will be a toxic one). The team tips Fargus Sol, who says that Lothan has been on a list of theirs to contact anyway, so he’ll reach out.

He also reports that Aylin and Patty C are headed back to town, and suggests that this new artifact will be the perfect lure for the Black Lodge- they couldn’t resist such power, and would likely be willing to trade the Book that Aylin needs for it. Of course, the trade will never happen, as Sol and Aylin are putting together a team to ambush the BL, but also expecting unexpected treachery, this being the Lodge and all. The team then heads to Tate’s and heals up, with some members getting some upgrades with their hard-earned cash, and Avo needing to stay a few days to get the few organs he actually needs replaced. They also all have a decent amount of exposure to toxicity so get some antibiotics and screenings, and have some gear that needs repair.

Kit reaches out to Jackpoint and other places, and HK does some research, to find out more about mantids. They are from the plane of Vhortas, as are all bug spirits, but they can only reproduce by killing other bug spirits, and it seems like most mantid cults only make good merges (or destroy any others), which maintain both the original personality and the inhabiting bug. Strangely, as a shared personality themself, Kit is the most bothered by this, but overall the team decides the Deso Angels are good allies to continue working with, just also being aware of this new context. Kit posts all the job info to JP (minus the artifact again) in thanks, which secures the rest of the team provisional access. HK also makes sure this same info makes it way to Mrs Clean for Sierra Corp.

Kit also reaches out locally to find out more about the Ash Union and the Shadow Chapters, and getting good vibes from both, and some talk of collabs, pitches the team on a job: find some local runners who missed their last meet and noone has heard from in a few days.

The Deck Job
6/7/2021, 12:28:31 PM
Runners
Hotkey
Avocado
Carol Turpentine
Kitten Caboodle aka Kit
Keg

Creature heads in to get some new animalistic upgrades and Keg upgrades his ears while the rest of the team rests up after the investigation. They get a frantic call for a last minute job from Maggie Goldberg, and head to Miller’s Pub to meet up with her, Keg and HK meet them there. She seems stressed and explains a prototype deck was stolen in transit, and she needs it back within 2 days. She emphasizes this is a hard deadline. They agree to pay, and she sends them out the site of the theft to investigate. They find a traffic jam at the NW Zone entrance, and discover it was caused by local gangers who loosed some hogs from a hauler and caused some crashed via hacking. They track the gangers to a nearby bar they’re based out of, and pressure them into giving up who hired them, Avo takes a smooth route while Keg and Carol act tough, and the gangers eventually agree to a bribe to fill the team in. Since they seems useful, if not overly loyal, the team figures they also might come in useful someday.

The gang, the Frenemies, was hired by some runners with badly concealed NN logos on their armor. They recognized the main runner, a dwarf, as a guy named Aaron who grew up nearby. The team does some research, and spots what looks like some invisible figures using magic to access the truck that the prototype was in while the Frenemies caused the distraction. They also call in a favor with Ryder and find Aaron is probably a runner who goes by Grappler, and get a safehouse location nearby from a snitch. HK confirms with Jagoda Rajni that this wasn’t them, and she sells him the info that a former NN stash spot was raided about a week ago- armor and such was taken. So the team assumes Grappler’s runners were false flagging. They head over to the safehouse to check it out and find it is mostly a burned out building with a few security and surveillance upgrades. They leave Avo at a nearby coffin motel as he’s too astrally obvious.

They circle back to the motel to plan, but the drones they leave behind spot yet another team prepping to move on Grappler’s runners. They race back over, and call in Jagoda Rajni plus a few others and mage as backup, for a decent payout. Carol gets the VTOL to drop him on the roof of the building that this other team is in, and spots a sniper team. He lube grenades and tackles them off the roof, taking them out and badly injuring himself. A mage almost finished him off from the Renraku team and major firefight ensues. Keg is nearly killed, and HK spots Grappler’s runners using the chaos to make a run for it. Avo makes a deal with them after avoiding some traps they left, to help save their friend (why they say they needed the prototype, which HK confirms is a serious deck) in exchange for cooping against the Renraku team and not fighting each other. Kit manages to just barely save Keg, and Jagoda Rajni and the backup team finally arrive to provide medical and extraction, since the Renraku team destroyed Avo’s car.

The team hires the Frenemies to strip the useful parts off the car and keep the rest as payment, and gets Keg, Carol, Kit and HK extracted safely via VTOL, with Rajni’s mage providing some stabilizing healing for the journey. Avocado leaves with the other runners to try to make a deal. When the team arrives at Tate’s clinic, they are amused to find Creature there, mid-surgery, adding some monkey feet to their animal ‘ware repertoire. They get there in time and save Keg’s life, though he needs a replacement jaw and opts for the most cyber option possible: the junkyard jaw. Meanwhile, Avocado does some social digging, and due to his good rep and skills, manages to make a deal. It seems the other runners and Maggie have a missing friend in common, so she agrees to let them use the deck to make a fake handoff, which will actually be a trap, get their friend back, and then give her the deck. They head off to Seattle to make it all happen in time. The team still gets paid most of their pay for the job too, as Maggie seems satisfied with how things worked out, even with the complications.

The team all heal up a bit and then bond at the safehouse, though HK is once again off doing his own thing, helping out Opti in expanding his “safe” zone. Keg opens quite a bit about his life, recent tragic past, and whatnot. They check messages a few times, and eventually decide to pay off their debt to Lothan by helping him resolve a problem that has been plaguing him. Carol also orders an experimental armor mod from Ares to limit his falling damage in future, a modification of some test pilot emergency deceleration foam.

Special Investigations
5/31/2021, 8:51:06 PM
Runners
Avocado
Carol Turpentine
Kitten Caboodle aka Kit
Creature
Keg

The team spends a bit of time in Ahabitat, but get bored quickly. Aylin and Patty have left on a mission for Arleesh and Fargus Sol, to make introductions to Mama in Boston and to the Sea Dragon wherever they can find her. Without any work on their immediate horizon, Hotkey decides to spend some time with his fam, repairing his deck, and helping Opti rebuild and expand his safe zone, so heads up to O’Hare for a bit. The rest of the crew just heals up and waits for their few times a day message buoy to bring them something. This eventually bears fruit, as they receive a few work opportunities. Red wants them to foil a Fear The Dark plot, Tate wants them to redirect the hate and paranoia that the Freedom Network has been directing his way towards someone/thing else, and Ryder wants help with a cold case. They decide to follow up on this as Carol also hopes it will present an opportunity to embarrass LoneStar and get him back into Ares’ good graces after the last mission.

They meet up with Ryder and (surprise) Tate, at a bar “cleverly” named The Coffee Shop. Ryder gives them some case files and says he can’t be much more direct help, but that he’ll make sure the team gets a decent payday from the reward money if they can solve the mystery and catch the killer. Tate offers a little upfront money to entice them, saying when questioned that the dead man had helped him with some property dealings. The team agrees and digs in. First off, Kit takes a thorough look at the autopsy, and discovers that it was fairly short and minimally investigative, and that they missed some details and failed to explain others. Unsure what the strange wound patterns could have been caused by, he also posts it to Jackpoint hoping for some tips, and finds out from some AztAm war vets that it looks like a bullet wound to a prone individual.

Next they head to the scene (though 6 months after the crime), and talk to some hotel staff and check out the room, undercover as “Ghost Boyz” a paranormal investigations crew. Comparing notes to the fairly lackluster case file, they decide noone at the hotel was involved, and finding some furniture moved slightly and a bad wall patch, they figure out that someone sitting on the bed in the next room over fired a heavy pistol through the wall once, striking the victim and killing him. Due to his position and weight, the entry wound was discounted as a secondary injury or side effect of the unexplained internal injuries, rather than the start of the bullet’s path as it ricocheted around his body.

They get some records from the hotel and confirm the case file’s info that 3 electricians had been partying in the next room but had all “not seen or heard anything.” Kit calls Remo to check out their place of employment, and finds they all still work there but they have decent matrix security. Both the electrical contractor and the hotel are Ares subsids (way down the corporate ladder) and the dead man was freelance, so they can’t figure a connection yet. Avo calls up and manages to get some info from the combative receptionist, who agrees to send 2 of the men from the room over to meet with them (the team is posing as property developers sourcing bids) after their jobs for the day are wrapped.

The team manages to get the rest of the 2 men’s crews to leave in one work van and split off the 2 suspects. Creature, Keg and Avocado all team up to do an impressive analysis and combined god cap/bad cop scenario and get them to spill the beans: the 3rd man was the shooter, it was an accident, and they all figured noone needed to know since the cops on site the next day said it looked liked natural causes. They get the 3rd guy’s number and call him up, getting an annoying “joke” answering machine message, but Remo manages to trace it to Ramblers turf in the Zone.

They hatch a plan, having also heard that the 3rd man had reached out to a lawyer who had defended him before. Kit drives Avo and Keg to Milwaukee to the lawyer’s office after failing to dupe him on the phone, and Creature and Carol infiltrate on foot with the fly spys and the VTOL overhead into Ramblers turf. Kit takes over drone control once he’s parked, and Avo and Keg break into the lawyer’s office and do a combo of threatening and bribing him to cooperate. He caves quickly, and not only calls the 3rd man to get him outside of the well-guarded house he’s in, but also gives the team the murder weapon and some data files showing that the original detective was on the take to both the lawyer and to Knight Errant (who didn’t want this case solved as it would look bad for Ares contractors to kill a civvie in an Ares hotel).

Carol and Creature send in the fly spys, who does the 3rd man with a KO agent, and then load him into the VTOL, which Kit pilots over to one of Tate’s clinics, where he will keep the man on ice til him and Ryder figure out what they want to do with him. The team also figures out that the man was Ryder’s brother, and Tate’s brother in law, which helps explain why the 2 surviving men have such a well-established unlikely friendship. Kit drives the rest of the team back, they get paid as promised, and they all call it a night after a strange but satisfying job.

Tick Tock
5/18/2021, 3:45:30 PM
Runners
Hotkey
Avocado
Carol Turpentine
Kitten Caboodle aka Kit
Creature
Keg

Tate needs the team to get over to his office post-haste: a medical alert has just activated which was last assigned to Melissa Truman, the missing heir from a few jobs back, who has been outh of site for the last 2 decades, and he needs the team to find her (or at least the alert bracelet) and figure what’s going on. They agree and head to his office. He gives them the rundown and they negotiate pay, but as they’re heading out they realize that his receptionist has been eaves-dropping, and after some fast hacking from HK see that 2 messages were sent- 1 to a local fixer named Anastacia and 1 to Sarah Silverleaf. Silverleaf sent back payment as well, which Carol reports to Tate. He says he will deal with his disloyal receptionist, and encourages the team to hurry.

Not wanting to lose any slight edge they might have and/or let someone else get there first again, they don’t do any shopping and head straight to the last ping from the bracelet, near Truman Tower, now Spire Enterprises. On the way they decide to put their good rep and networking to use and call up a bunch of local gangers and hackers to make some light mayhem for any other teams trying to reach the job site, hoping this will slow any adversaries. They also receive calls from Silverleaf and Candice Phillips offering higher pay for a last minute job, but they shut them down, having already made an agreement with Tate.

They reach Spire, and drop Avocado off as a faux street doc to seek info from what seems to be the remains of a large firefight. The rest of the team heads to the last ping location and starts looking for tracks. Avocado has good luck, meeting a friendly ganger named Staci who helps him get vid footage, showing a young woman running away during the battle. Staci confirms this woman always wore an old weird bracelet, and offers to help Avocado find her, after sussing out some of what he’s up to- however they both seem to have her best interest at heart and agree to team up.

The rest of the team does find some tracks and they converge on the Haymarket Nation community, which has declined from it’s heyday as a smuggler’s hub but still has decent numbers. Avo and Staci head in and find the missing woman (Katy) absent and her residence trashed. Luckily, a hidden escape tunnel wasn’t found, and they follow it out, to avoid anyone watching. As they prepare to join the rest of the team, a surveillance drone tries to suicide bomb then, but Carol spots it and snipes it. HK also upgrades their tracker’s capacity and they get another ping. They also get an alert from some of their hacker and ganger hire-ons that another team is approaching, and HK recognizes them as the ex-NeoNet team that they’ve run into a few times. He manages to convince them to back off in exchange for partial pay and the info the team has so far, so they can offer up a convincing “sorry we failed” excuse to their Johnson.

They head North, into the Shattergraves, and encounter the third pursuit team, the Ares mercs that Carol had previously met, trying to subdue Katy with non-lethals. They succeed as the team approaches, and the team rushes in – Kit wants to keep things non-lethal also, but Staci doesn’t seem so inclined, and Creature notices a mother’s protective instinct at play, and begins to suspect that Staci might be Melissa Truman. The team downs the Ares mage first, which unfortunately ends the spell he was performing to keep a huge mosquito spirit at bay- it rises from the earth and pulls the mage down before attacking both teams.

Creature lobs in a lube grenade to add some chaos, and with Avo’s help gets their team out of the effect field while the Ares team is still trapped in it fighting the bug. Taking pity, they help deal with the bug, which flees below ground before disruption, and leave the Ares team to get off the lube slick, having lost half their number in this encounter. Carol gets a stern rebuke from Candice, and feels he has lost some ground there. HK manages to spot a tracker on their car as they head to Tate’s, and they fry it. They get paid, and Melissa tells them some of her story. Tate seems surprised that she’s been undercover all these years, and she advertises the quality of the face-changers at Lincoln Park. She agrees to a potential interview on Kit’s shadowcast in the future, once she gets a chance to get her and Katy settled back into the family.

The team heads back to Ahabitat to take some well-earned RNR, with no jobs on the immediate horizon for the first time in a while!

Resistance is Futile
5/10/2021, 10:33:13 AM
Runners
Hotkey
Avocado
Carol Turpentine
Kitten Caboodle aka Kit
Creature
Keg

Tate rushes Avocado into treatment to try to stave off HMHVV type 1- using advanced medicines + some potions (as well as additional potions the team gets from Patty C and Lothan the Wise). The team/Avo owes Lothan a favor for his help. Avo almost beats it, but eventually succumbs. He enters a coma and begins transforming while members of the interior Desolation Angels magical order guides his astral form through an initiation, during which he bonds to a new mentor spirit: Peacemaker, having gone through some major changes since 6Cyl’s death. Creature, Kit and Carole head to the Bugstomp rave at Midway, and have some fun dancing and socializing, while also getting some tourist-y t-shirts. It seems to be a medical supplies fundraiser for the ABC, and Carol searches around in vain for hidden corp sponsors.

They head back to the Bolthole, wanting more team members’ approval before introducing Creature to the group norms and Ahabitat. The next morning the team drives a still comatose Avo out to Long Pig Farms, where Aylin has called Red in to help oversee the transofrmation. They meet some of the ghouls who work there, and get Avo set up in a locked bunker basement out in the middle of a field, with a nearby chained up human to feed on when he wakes up. The team is assured this person was “ethically sourced” and decides not to inquire further.

Kit is uncomfortable with this whole situation, so stays behind at the Bolthole to tinker. Hotkey heads out to O’Hare to hang with his fam and fix up his deck from it’s near-bricking, and Keg (after he wakes up in Tate’s clinic and gets updated) has a brief freakout over his melted fashion armor and heads up to the Maker’s Collective to patch it back together. So Carol and Creature oversee Avo’s final turn to Banshee, with the option to kill him quickly if he goes feral. Luckily he comes through intact, with some assistance from Peacemaker, and feeds off the present captive to regain his senses. He decides to finish the captive off to get his essence maxed (for now), which Peacemaker doesn’t push back on too hard so it seems like this guy must have done something bad.

The team all joins back up and debrief on all the wild shit that just went down. Kit still seems uncomfortable with Avo’s new needs, but they all agree to continue working together. HK finds some local vamp fetish forums for Avo to find willing bloodbags on, to seek out a more sustainable longterm fix. Red also offers assistance if Avo wants to follow the “friendly vamp” path. For now, rent is coming up on both safehouses, so they decide to try to make some money. Looking to get some new and upgraded SINs, they decide to do another job through Mrs Clean, to boost her standing with Sierra Corp in exchange. They meet up with Juan Xiuhuitl at a Taco Temple in O’Hare (this is Creature’s first time outside the CZ since arriving from Denver a year ago).

They get the rundown on the job: AZT has lost comms from a lab hidden under the newly (re)opened/rebranded Omnistar hospital in the southern Zone, and Juan wants it cleaned out and all data retrieved. He doesn’t want anything left for other teams to find in the future, so the team decides to get some explosives and the like. They head to Ammo Jim’s first to restock on some key supplies, and then back into the Zone, where they roll up to the Atomizer. They spot Byom, who helps them get set up with what they need (EMP’s, some incendiaries, and some shaped charges), as well as a colorful cast of other characters, including what looks like some Mars survivors. Kit also learns a little bit about demo.

While on their way there, Avo got a call from Maggie Goldberg, offering them either: more pay to do the job for her with slightly different specifics, or: additional pay to share the data they find with her as well. Avo very politely refuses, wanting to remain pro, and Maggie seems to understand. However, they both acknowledge that this means she will likely put other runners on the job. They get more worried about this mystery opposition the longer they spend stocking up on the way to the job, and decided to head straight there without any recon. They park nearby in a concealed area, and plan to steal an ambulance on the way out and ditch it at that spot to swap to an un-ID’ed vehicle.

They sneak in to the hospital and infiltrate down to the morgue without being spotted. They KO the morgue tech with drone sneak attack, and HK squelches his comm to prevent alerts. They cut the lights in the morgue to minimize chances of onsite sec spotting anything, and use the hidden switches Juan told them about to open the secret door. They scout the hallway they find and debate setting traps, but decide to head in quickly in case anyone comes to check on the tech. They close the secret door behind them, and descend, finding a heavy security door, that seems to seal off both matrix and magical senses. Carol can barely hear some bellowing and crashing sounds from the other side, and a bright warning light is silently flashing above it. Carol confidently enters the code Juan gave them, but this time it doesn’t work.

HK hacks the lock, no trouble, but it looks like someone recently changed the code- did the other runners beat them here? As the door swing open, a bizarro slimline cyberzombie charges Carol, who barely avoids a slice from it’s claws. Another CZ down the hall opens up with an arm cannon, and Keg is quickly killed. Creature once again proves xyr worth, teaming up with HK to take down the farther CZ while the closer one is felled by the rest of the team. They EMP and incendiary grenade the bodies, as HK has detected active nanite colonies trying to repair them, and worries about CFD. HK also comes under matrix attack- disturbingly it seems like Dissonant energy, but the TacNet provides solid defenses, though his deck is once again badly damaged. They prepare to head further in to the facility.

The TacNet comes under attack from the same Dissonant entity, and HK tells everyone to go wireless off. He and Carol advance up the hall and take cover near an open door, hearing movement. Avocado steps into the doorway and catches a full burst in the chest (luckily his new banshee strength preserves him), and Creature, Carol, and HK get into a melee fight with another Dissonant CZ while Kit starts healing Keg. Creature zaps the CZ with another EMP and also hits Carol, frying his antennas, and then they manage to take it down, setting another incendiary off on it after to halt it’s regen ability. They then demo blast open the lone sealed door in the facility, and find four cowering scientists. Rushing in a with breach and clear move, Avocado and HK kill one scientist and badly wound another. Kit dashes in to heal the injured woman, as Keg murder another scientists for talking back, and then continues pummeling the corpse until Kit intervenes.

Avocado threatens/questions the remaining scientist, who quickly caves and helps HK get the data they are after. However, Carol has been investigating the rest of the facility and discovered that there is a missing secret backup server that also seems to have been taken by whoever beat them here. The team convinces Kit that they have to kill the 2 surviving scientists as part of the job, and that they can give them a more peaceful death than what AZT would offer for their failures. Kit doesn’t agree morally, but mixes up a lethal cocktail. Avo lies to both that they will knock them out and smuggle them out, 1 scientists believes them and the other doesn’t, she also insists on injecting herself, wanting some element of control over her death.

After, they plant the charges and some more incendiaries throughout the facility and head out. Carol realizes that whoever beat them there may have left some surprises for their way out so they tread cautiously. They call in a bomb threat to the hospital and hear that someone already called in a active shooter, so they decide to split up and try to get out. Kit detonates the basement and shuts the secret door, and then poses as a doctor using one of the dead scientists lab coats while probing Keg’s wounds to get him to perform better as a patient. Avocado wears another lab coat and social sneaks out. The remainder of the team heads out through the garage as planned, using fleeing civvies as cover and setting off some more grenades away from the crowd to cause chaos and confusion but no injuries.

They all rendezvous at the team car and skedaddle, heading back to the O’Hare Taco Temple to drop off the data and the samples that Kit took from the CZ’s with Juan Xiuhuitl. They also report that someone else likely has the data, but don’t give up Maggie Goldberg’s involvement, not wanting to burn that relationship. Juan is disappointed but Avo con’s well so he doesn’t seem overly suspicious that they do in fact know, and they get paid. Avo and Maggie exchange some winking texts and agree to work together again where possible. The team heads back to Ahabitat, introducing Creature to the safe house. Carol collects rent from everyone as well. Keg, living up to his name, buys a couple kegs and brings them down, and most of the team parties together, alongside Big Meat, only missing HK who has gone back to stay with his fam and fix his deck.

They decide to tackle the final job on offer from Mrs. Clean (for now), and arrange a meet with Shiro Seto from Shiawase, after taking a day off to rest and heal. They meet up at a sake bar in O’Hare and get the rundown: Seto wants the corpse of a Goblin and as many live ghouls as the team can get from one particular ghoul community in the Zone. The team briefly confers and does some research, finding out that the community is likely not feral, so they refuse the job, but Kit and Avo make an effort to be as polite as possible, in order to maintain the relationship for future work. Unfortunately, this requires Kit to drink, and they slip a bit deeper into addiction. The team gets in touch with Red as part of their inquiries, and he arranges to pay them and boost their rep in order to get their help moving the ghouls and smuggling the Goblin out of town to Terasca’s Goblin-safe community in NOLA, before Seto can hire another team.

They decide to set some non-lethal traps for the followup team, and Carol disguises himself as a ghoul, with Keg on a bike nearby for the getaway. HK, Kit, and Creature rig up traps while Avo convinces the community holdouts to leave. Most of the team takes the Goblin in the trunk over to Freaktown, to smuggle to NOLA via their drug sub, and strike a deal. Carol leads the next runners to show up into the traps- non-lethal stuff in the mazelike underground warren the ghouls were living in, and collapses his escape path behind him. He and Kit race off, and everyone links back up and gets paid. They get some rep boosts and are just thinking about what to do next when they get an urgent message from Dr. Tate!

New Crew Vibe Check
4/28/2021, 2:53:35 PM
Runners
Hotkey
Avocado
Carol Turpentine
Kitten Caboodle aka Kit
Keg
Goodbye (for now) to: Aylin
and introducing: Creature

The team heads down to Ahabitat via sub, with both Keg and Kit trying to play it cool but pretty surprised. They see 6Cyl’s remains ensconsed in coral, slowly being consumed by lake life. Upon arrival, Patty C is slightly sad to see that 6C has already been replaced, though she understands. Avocado, feeling some conflict with his mentor, decides to abandon the Children of the Beak for now, and takes the handwritten sign off the door. This allows both new members to have a room without needing to clean out 6C’s stuff, which noone is really ready for yet. They all chat and bond a bit, and then Keg goes into his room and shuts the door and has a loud freakout. The team inquires, but he seems disinclined to explain further.

They rest up for a few days, and talk about next steps, reviewing the few remaining jobs they have on offer. Aylin announces that she will be mostly focusing on solving the Black Lodge/Book problem for the time being, but will still be around and may require some assistance from the team. Avocado is feeling increasingly attracted to Kit’s more peaceable philosophy, and is wondering about maybe finding a better magical connection through a different path.

They head back to the surface to get some drinks and hang, and Kit takes delivery of a massive new shield, which he says is for protecting them while doing medical in combat scenarios, but Kit requests noone attack from behind it. They head to the dingy ammo-trade bar Pog mo Thoin, delighted by the grody atmosphere. They catch up with some other runners and shadowcasters, and overall have a nice bonding time. Returning to Ahabitat to crash, they awake the next morning to some messages in their queue.

Apparently the Devil’s Revolver has now slain the free spirit gunslinger Thornhill as well, though Thornhill may have survived in some form due to a secretive ritual they had performed with their True Name. Aylin announces that she will be leaving the team’s day to day ops in order to focus on the Black Lodge heist with her mom and Old Crow. Aylin says she will likely need assistance from the team to pull the actual job, but will be in touch. For now, her and Patty C will still be using the safehouse. Tate also reminds them to come by for another job, so the team heads his way, after making some upgrade plans for the safehouse with the new teammates.

They arrive at Tate’s and find an even larger Freedom Network/Popular Will protest than last time, and a much more agitated crowd. Avocado almost instigates a fight with Keg’s backing, but the rest of the crew talk them out of it, and Avo once again feels some conflict with his mentor, with another voice calling to him, showing him a different path. The Desolation Angels help them sneak in the back way, and Tate tells them there’s a killer paracritter he needs captured alive. He introduces them to a local runner named Creature who is good with animals and toxins, who should prove useful for this gig.

The team reviews the evidence, and heads out, and decide to look into the FN/PW more: the PW militia seems to have much nicer gear and better matrix defenses than the team expected, which seems interesting. They drive over to Greektown, and meet Tate’s informants. They spend some time talking with various encampment in the dangerous locale, and get some good intel. With drone surveillance assistance, they spot a storm drain that seems like the best spot to start tracking, and head there. Quantum Princess contacts them on the way and asks them to retrieve an old pre-CZ data storage device from the area, since they’re going in anyway. She also helps them navigate around an ASPS team which is cordoning off a large area around the Shattergraves due to strange alchera activity.

The team heads into the sewers, and Carol does some impressive tracking using his new nasal implants, with Creature providing valuable assistance. Carol does puke again from the smell, for good measure. They get attacked by some ghouls lead by a Dzoo no qua, which bites Avocado and possibly infects him. However, the team performs well and slays most of the feral pack, driving off the rest. They find QP’s old data store, and a few members are badly injured by a trap- it seems like the lone survivor of this cell tried to hold up and ride out the start of Bug City, not knowing they’d be trapped here, and starved to death. They do find an intact 2050’s deck with data storage module, however, so mission accomplished, yay.

They follow the tracks a bit further, and find the Talis Cat’s lair. Unfortunately, it’s made a friend- a large sludge spirit, which attacks them as soon as they enter. The cat tries to flee but Creature manages to KO it and grab it with xyr tail. The rest of the team barely defeats the sludge spirit, taking some heavy damage, and Hotkey almost gets geeked by a stray Jormungandr virus fragment that apparently survived in the local mesh net of devices down here. The team returns the cat to Tate, gets paid, and agrees to keep working with Creature for now as xe seem quite handy. Onward!

Amber Waves
4/19/2021, 12:29:54 PM
Runners
Hotkey
Avocado
Aylin
Carol Turpentine
Kitten Caboodle aka Kit
Keg

Avocado and Kit have a good “getting to know you” interview on Kit’s shadowcast show, though Avo deflects and fronts a bit. The team, high off their previous night’s successful mission, decide to check some smaller jobs off the list. Carol heads in to get some cyberware put in by Tate, and Aylin heads off with her mom to start working on luring the Black Lodge to town with the book they need. Avocado heads out a little early and makes a large donation (with a small contribution from Kit) to the Desolation Angels for their outreach work, and meets Blue, the DA seemingly in charge of that wing. It looks like the teenage gunner from the opening fight, Fidget, has been recruited already as well. Avo notcies 6C’s bike is still at the Vault, and seems to have morphed into an impromptu memorial site- single bullets stacked atop it, and some weedy Zone bouquets scattered around.

The team hears some rumors from astral contacts of some kind of astral assassin taking out community leaders and defenders in the deep metaplanes, and based on the fact that this figure is being called “The Devil’s Revolver”, assume that 6C’s gun/spirit are likely involved. The 4 available team members all link up at Midway Airport to follow up on some leads and figure out next steps. They chat with Old Crow a bit, who confirms it is likely 6C, in some form, being called to serve after his death, and OC says he needs to get with Aylin ASAP to sort this out. They also find Jazz and get the intro spiel about the Shadow Chapters- she agrees to an interview on Kit’s show and the team seems potentially interested in learning more. Blue from the DA’s also was excited about the Shadow Chapters, which is putting Avo a little more in favor of joining.

The team meets up with Lycus and checks in on the progress of his SIN registration project. They arrange a meeting after some careful negotiation between him and Sierra Corp, which will hopefully benefit both. They also discover some background on Lycus- he used to be a fixer for Gov. Presbitero before he ascended to the governorship, and disappeared amidst some sort of scandal just before the election. Lycus then emerged some months later, with a very different philosophy. The team gives Mrs. Clean this info in case it can help Sierra Corp in their negotiation, and she seems stoked about their work. They also warn Lycus that the info is out there, and he says he needs to rescrub his data trail, but doesn’t give them anything further.

They also head over to train at the onsite facility, and find two of their bounty targets: Anne Ravenheart and Li Wei. They decide to feel it out, and start getting the 2 newbs trained on the team’s common maneuvers. Both Ravenheart and Wei seem very skilled, and also pretty cool based on HK’s quick research. Ravenheart specifically is somewhat of a local hero, one of the few (former) Ares employees who’s seen in a positive light. Their unit at the training facility all has modded Ares armor with the branding stripped off and new “Freewatch” logo applied, perhaps explaining why Ares wants into on them. The team decided to shelve that for now and discuss further down the road.

They take a job with Sid Gambetti to do a little sabotage, and take a side job from Tate to throw an extra element into the mix, which with some investigation looks like it will have the effect of framing Simon Andrews, or at least sending suspicion his way. They head to the Wind Transit Terminal and port warehouse, which has been taken over by a squatter community since Winterknight was kicked out a few years ago. They find the container they need to access, but they notice the community is about to come under attack from some protection racket enforcers from the Horde, and intervene. Using some slick driving and nonlethal weapons, as well as aided by the communities 3 defenders who they warned, they drive off the attackers with no casualties and minimal damage to the team’s car.

Avocado arranges for the DA’s to start protecting this community, and uses this as a bargaining chip to allow access to the container they need amidst the tent city. They get in and find the decades old Shiawase chemical tank they needed as part 1 of the job. They load it in the truck with help from Spills, the troll defender, and head to Goober’s to get a few repairs and upgrades before they drive south a ways out of town to the agricultural facility they need to poison. They also upgrade Kit and Keg’s fake SINs to make sure they pass muster, and since they used team funds for this they insist both also sign onto the group norms, and say they will explain some of the obscure ones later. The assumption being that both Kit and Keg are joining up for the foreeable. Aylin and Carol come link up with the team at Goober’s while the repairs are happening, and they convo out of town.

They bribe their way through a checkpoint, and head south to the farm, doing a little research on the way. To Carol’s distress they find out it’s an Ares facility, but they assuage themselves with the info that it’s a fancy test farm, so the poison they deliver shouldn’t get distributed to vulnerable populaces, at least, and likely won’t go out at all. They seem to be intended to disrupt an upcoming bidding process, so they tip off the McCaskill mafia to allow them to make some money off that knowledge, in order to make peace there. They arrive at the rural site, and come up with a quick plan. Kit drone rigs a flyspy with a data tap into the guard shack, and HK uses the remote access to add the team car as a “scheduled part delivery”.

Avo talks them past the semi-skeptical guards, with HK, Carol, and a misted Aylin hiding in the trunk. Keg hangs back a ways with the 2 bikes to cause a distraction or come to the rescue as needed. They get up the loading dock, and using some clever tactics get HK up close enough to hack a rail drone to deliver the poison tank to the main water distro spot, and loop some cameras to help Carol sneak up to hook it up. Aylin sneaks off to plant the sample of lizard skin they were given. Avo and Kit spend quite a while faking car problems and flirting with guards to delay their exit, while Carol does an impressive infiltration. Unfortunately, he oversold his mechanical abilities and really struggles to hook the poison up. The team is forced to exit the lot, but luckily Keg finds a promising distraction in the form of an anti-corp-agriculture protest nearby that he lures in their direction.

Avo convinces the guards at the exit to allow the team to wait there in their car til the protest passes (the guards seem creepily excited about the prospect of getting to bust heads, though), and Carol, with some coaching from HK, finally gets the poison going. He then almost gets out unseen, but gets spotted by a patrol, and starts getting tagged with gel rounds. He hides amidst the livestock, correctly assuming they’re too valuable to shoot, and it seems like the guards think he’s connected to the protest. He shoots his way through a dome wall and races for the car. Finally blowing their cover, Kit slams it through the boom barricade, and smoothly sweeps Carol up with a tight turn. They smash through a fence and race off.

Meanwhile, HK has done some sneaky hacking to make it look like these intrusions were protest-related, and the onsite spider has gone after the protest’s deckers. WIth Knight Errant reinforcements on their way, everyone scatters, and the team has to take backroads back to town. They ditch the cops and make it back, just in time to get some drinks with Sid and Matt Wrath after his latest victory. Sid pays up, and they check in with Tate, giving him the sparest details as requested. He tells them to rest up and return when they’re ready for more work.

They head out and prepare to introduce Keg and Kit fully into the team lifestyle.

Thrown For A Loop
4/13/2021, 11:39:41 AM
Runners
Hotkey
Avocado
Aylin
Carol Turpentine
adios to: Test
a sad goodbye for: 6 Cylinder
and introducing: Kitten Caboodle aka Kit and Keg

The next day, 6Cyl preps for his fight with a visit to Ahabitat, where Patty C asks if he really wants to do it at all. He has a bit of a crisis of intent, and realizes he’s just following Avocado’s desires, and Patty C offers to counsel him more later. Seeing Patty C with Otoko after their popcorn and trid binge also makes Aylin sad since she wasn’t around for Alyin’s teen years. Hotkey heads out to spend the day with his family, and Test announces that he is leaving the team. He says it’s time for him to focus full time on technomancer and e-life struggles, and is headed for Cairo, where there is a large TM community sheltered by the Coptic church who are working with Masaru on the new Library of Alexandria. He stops in at The Hangman on his way out of town to put GC in touch with Quantum Princess and get them talking about using the local NooseNet mesh as a potential Garmonbozia safehaven, and plans to continue this work during his travels. He signs off the team TacNet and goes on his way.

Avo, meanwhile, cruises around the Zone doing last minute promo for 6C’s fight, and stops at the Vault to double check all the prep there. He meets a Desolation Angel named Praxis who has a real hate on for bugs, and offers her (and the gangs) services should the team encounter any. Becky is absent, trying to round up some new recruits to replace the massive losses they suffered fighting the Ancients and shedim. Sid and Matt Wrath satisfy Avo’s questions about the prep for the evening though so he focuses on getting the green room “just so.” Carol hears from Candice Phillips at Ares about some new leads on the Taco Temple info he sold them, she seems to be gradually coming around to his usefulness. Hotkey takes his family out to Chicago’s Own Pizzaria, and spots some ghouls from Long Pig Farms delivering whole hogs out back. Using some sensors and TacNet programs he scopes out the ingredients and sees that they must be making good use of the onsite, well-protected greenhouse, given the amount of fresh components to their meal.

He also sees an adjacent table where the Monad gunslinger Twofer is eating with his retinue, including a local guide, another Monad named Kit, who seems to be a tech and medic, and has a cyberarm and some scrolling nanotats. HK does a tiny bit of recon for the team and buys the Monads a round, and also buys a dessert surprise for Test’s date here later, in case he still shows for that before leaving for Cairo. Avo also buys Test a fancy hour at a love hotel by O’Hare as a goodbye gift, and Carol pays back part of the massive loan he still owes to Test. HK and fam head back to their apartment, the location of which he’s decided to keep private for now. Meanwhile, eveyone else heads for the fight. They all get back into the green room as 6C’s entourage, and see that there is a large and rowdy crowd already in attendance.

The first fight is between 2 surly teens who remind 6C of himself, not too long ago, and who both seem a bit in awe of him. He tries to offer encouragement of a sort, in his usual bumbling way. The second fight is between a very unpleasant toxic ganger with an acid sprayer who says he “likes to makes them scream” and a new-in-town total fashion cyberpunk named Keg. He’s got a classic 2060’s trid quality getup, but seems to really know his gear. Carol and Avo are thrilled to meet him and he seems really confident in his abilities until he realizes his kit may get damaged by acid. The third fight is the big draw between Twofer and 6C, they spot Twofer and Kit tinkering on a weird Marstech gun that looks to be alterable in form and chip it’s ammo off of a feedblock. And the final bout is a deathmatch between a Rambler and a Demolisher- it’s apparently a tradition amongst some of the gangs here to settle certain disputes in the ring so they don’t turn into turf wars.

The first fight kicks off and the teen who looked more enamored by 6C fumbles the draw out of his new holster under his new coat, and his opponent teen draws her gun from an unholstered waistband carry and shoot his in the stomach. He falls to the mat crying and is hauled off by medics onhand from Tate’s clinic. The “winner” stumbles out of the ring in shock and pukes in a corner as Matt Wrath and Matt Rat commentate/chirp. 6C once again offers some words of his encouragement, but too quietly and far away for the teen to hear. Avocado wins some money.

The second fight begins, and the team watches in shock as Keg strips out of his nice duds, saying it will be easier to fix acid damage to his skin. He pulls out all the stops and speed draws, killing the toxic ganger in one amazing shot which also pierces their acid tank, and melts their corpse and part of the ring. Avo once again wins some money. Matt Wrath announces a brief recess while the ring is repaired, with Kit’s assistance. The third fight is called, and 6C and Twofer enter the ring to a lot of hype. Avocado places a massive bet, and everyone is shocked when Twofer outdraws 6C- but 6C easily dodges the shot and gets a solid hit in on Twofer in response, though it looks like Twofer is so cybered-up it seems to not do much damage. 6C only brought 6 bullets to the fight and he hopes it’s enough….

Twofer responds and blasts the gun out of 6C’s hand and the crowd goes wild, but 6C rolls and grabs it and knocks Twofer down, and the crowd goes wilder. Having gotten a little worried about his opponents skill, 6C has switched from trick shots to max damage, and it seems like Twofer is in the same boat- he unleashes a targeted burst and catches 6C right in the face. There is a shocked silence in the crowd as he falls to the mat, and Kit rushes in with a medkit. As he is declared dead and flatlines on the TacNet, the team notices his gun vanishes. Aylin seizes and almost dies as well from their bond, but instead waked up to Kit, Keg, and Carol hovering over her and is disturbed to find that she has lost her magical ability. She feels that breaking the bond with 6C broke their bargain with Tohu Wa Bohu, their mentor, and she won’t regain her magic until she abases herself before It. However, she plans to continue with their plan to sever their tie, and hopefully save whatever remains of 6C as well…

A CrashCart team rushes in, confirms 6C’s death, and takes his medalert bracelet. The crowd filters out, and Matt Wrath announces that the two gangers from the final deathmatch decided to settle it non-lethally, mano a mano outside. Twofer and entourage take off quietly, not wanting to gloat on a rough victory, but leaves a contact with a hint that he has good Evo ties. Kit sticks around to keep an eye on Aylin, and they all drink together. Everyone bleeds a little into a shot glass for Aylin, including Kit, who reveals they are a Monad., and HK, who moto’s down for the occasion (to some eyerolls from his wife). Keg also joins in, and offers his services, since he’s new in town, and obviously they need a new shooter. They agree and drunkely call Mrs. Clean to take a milk run job to test out these two potential new team-mates. They get the info for the meet the next morning and arrange to all meet there.

Keg and Kit head off together on Keg’s moto, and Kit gives an all-nighter tour of Zone hot spots to the new arrival. HK heads back to his fam, and the rest of the team heads to Ahabitat to break the news to Patty C, and figure out what to do with 6C’s remains. When they arrive, they find Patty waiting with celebratory brownies and have a pretty heart-breaking convo with her. They all eat the brownies together in grief, and share some alchemical moonshine Patty has brewed up. Otoko, as usual seemingly not super phased by death, summons Big Meat, and they all agree to bury 6C in the coral reef alongide the Merrow community’s dead. As 6C requested, they bury his Red Samurai blade with him so as not to get anyone in trouble for having it. He wanted his gun destroyed as well, but it seems magically absent so they’re not sure what to do.

The team travels down in an air bubble from a summoned spirit, and watches one of the Merrow shape coral in the reef growing out of the wrecked third hab area around 6C’s body, as Big Meat places him within and places his arms over the sword- a proper warrior’s burial. They all head back to the hab, have one final toast, and crash. Blearily rising for the meet the next morning, the crew head to what seems like a Yakuza bar to meet Maggie Goldberg. HK, less wrecked, has prepped a dossier on her for Avo to use a negotiating tool, but he’s off his game, feeling that he needs to break with his mentor and find a new guide since Raven was a big impetus towards him manipulating 6C to his death, as Avo sees it.

Maggie is semi-on the DL a fixer for MCT, seemingly a cutout for their shadow ops. She seems very friendly and upfront, and has a good rep, but HK thinks she is likely more loyal to her patron than her corp, if that ever proves useful. They arrange for a regular level of pay and are tasked with retrieving a prototype camera hacking soft projectile developed by 3D (their landlord at the Bolthole) and Byom, a Russian explosives expert. They figure this will be a cakewalk since they know 3D and Maggie seems open to paying for it, so they call him but it goes straight to voicemail, very unusual for him. They head to Hoodville and find his office trashed, but carefully covered so the damage isn’t obvious from outside. Using CSI skills they determine that the kidnappers are some mafioso types, and calling in one of their favors with Ryder, he ID’s them as MacCaskill mafia bruisers, and gives them an address they’re likely at- a safehouse adjacent to the Chicago Market.

They head over and do some quick recon. Two guards out front, 3 more inside, plus an interrogator, and the two captives. They send the drones in through a high window, who sneak attack with their narcoject. Aylin mists in and frees the captives. Byom takes one of the kidnappers ponytails as revenge, and Aylin figues “why not” and feeds on him a bit too, just topping off. Carol and Keg take out the guards out front with stick and shock, and the team quickly gets out of there with no casualties on either side, which Kit is thrilled about. Kit tries driving and almost crashes, but swears they’re usually good at it. Avo convinces 3D and Byom to sell the tech to MCT (though they seem to plan to leak it to the shadows as well) to get people off of their tail, and they agree. The team gets paid, and Maggie seems quite happy with their work, and says she’ll be in touch with more opportunities. Plus the 2 newbs worked out well, so that’s good.

Kit also tells the team about a “downtime” shadowcast that they do, and requests to interview them, to get more perspectives on the Chicago shadows. Avocado is the first to agree.

A Holy Piece of Wetwork
4/6/2021, 8:50:41 PM
Runners
Hotkey
Avocado
Test
Aylin
6 Cylinder
Carol Turpentine

The team puts together their counter-offer to Fringe, and he accepts. Aylin and 6Cyl arrange to ally with his spirit and some members of the Vigilia Evangelica to secure the 3rd Book of 9 Gates and hopefully free themsevles from Tohu Wa Bohu. Hotkey and Carol gets more money, Test gets contacts with the Egyptian Coptic Church which apparently shelters a lot of TM’s who are working with the great dragon Masaru on a new library of Alexandria. Avocado gets a quickened strength-boosting spell on him, provided by Fringe. They need a few days to heal and then it’s off to the metaplanes to end this particular threat once and for all. They find out that Patty C, Otoko and Big Meat have been doing movie and popcorn nights at Ahabitat.

In the meantime, Avo promotes 6C’s upcoming fight at the Vault, and notices that “Popular Will” militias and propaganda are starting to crop up around the CZ. Doing some research, they find that this is the street arm of the Freedom Network, a militant anti-magic/anti-TM group, like a more extreme Purists from Boston (without the hate for implants). They seem to be cross-race and meta-, but have strong paramilitary vibes. Test also gets and invite from GC to help connect Garmonbozia with different mesh net building subversive groups globally, to ensure they have some safe harbors when the new Matrix launches, and in exchange they will help Test with his Null problem. Hotkey hangs with his fam, who arrive and get settled in their Sierra Crop provided apartment. He hears that the mesh net in NYC that he helped start in Queens is a big hit, and seems to be safe from the Null. Also apparently the Rat Pack has gone partially toxic and the Underground has gotten a lot less safe.

6C and Aylin head down to Midway airport to meet with Old Crow, newly arrived in town from the metaplanes. They also meet up with Lycus, Vonny, Angoka, and some other neo-A’s, and get some offers of work and assistance for some of the team’s various interests, as well as introduction to a runners union called The Shadow Chapters from a Muslim ork woman named Jazz. There is also a pro training facility on site, which Avo is excited about for learning new maneuvers. They also notice Midway has an impressive drone security array. Chessick wanders over and he and Aylin have a good chat about Boston and fringe reporting, and agree to collab in future. OC finally lands, and schemes a bit with Aylin and 6C about going up against the BL. They find out about the BL’s infiltration of the “Free City STL” movement, which HK’s wife is also interested in, and also find out that the BL has infiltrated the highest levels of Chicago/Illinois government, and has an unknown level of control over Gov. Presbitero, the mean in charge of Operation: Takeback. They plan to try to use all this as a way to get the Book they need to a less secure location than the seeming BL North America HQ that St. Louis has become.

With everyone rested and ready to roll, they head back to the church, and find that Fringe has fully cleaned it and arranged an elaborate maze on the floor. His angel spirit still guards the door, and says she will present interference from both sides. Fringe pays up and grants their various boons, and then walks the maze and cuts himself into the Jade Cup at the center. He tells the team to follow, and they do, seemingly crossing the astral boundary as they do so. They walk for what feels like hours, and then say the angel again and are told they have completed their task. Luckily they quickly spot this as a trick, and recognize a Nightmare spirit posing as the angel. It seems amused to be spotted and says it will get them next time.

They head through a glowing portal, and emerge into what looks to be a truly haunted realm. A narrow mile-long causeway with long falls into a perhaps never-ending chasm on either side approaches a dark and moldering castle in the distance. A rotting dragon flies overhead. Seeing no way to sneak, they attack the dragon, and are surprised and delighted to find that it has a matrix presence. Luckily they manage to take it down between those 2 modes of attack before it can reach them and it plummets into the abyss. They head up the causeway.

Carol spots a narrow path down the side of the castle to what looks like a dungeon entrance, and they take that route. The door has a maglock (surprising, again, and also once again MCT brand). They enter and find 6 chained Catholics from various points in the last few decades, who all seem very tortured and confused. They free them and tell them to make their way to the exit and announce themselves to the spirit there. They head upstairs with drones scouting ahead, and find a creepy courtyard with a massive bone garden and gargoyles. The skulls and gargoyles seems to follow them, and seem to be cameras with watcher spirits bound to them. Seeing no way to sneak once again, they head further and find 2 rotting knights guarding a massive burned black set of doors. They blast apart the knights who seem bound to their post, and approach,

The doors blow open as they near, and they see Auslander on a tendrilled throne, he mocks them and tells 12 more knights to attack. They get in a brutal brawl with the possessed corpse knights, and find their life energy being slowly drained by the throne. Luckily the throne seems to be the host device for all the castles tech, and HK and Test manage to brick it, shutting down it’s powers. Auslander seems weakened in it’s absence, and they managed to finally take him out after defeating his guards, without permanently losing anyone on the team, despite some close calls.

Fearing that they may be approaching the deadline of the ritual after a lengthy exploration of this plane, they race back towards the exit! Suffering through some drug crashes, many almost tumble into the abyss off of the narrow causeway, but with assistance from the medical drone and some lucky catches from some quick on their feet members, the team manages to safely cross and re-enter the astral maze before it closes. Completing their journey, they find the angelic spirit waiting, luckily Hotkey spots that it is once again a Nightmare spirit trying to trick them, which cackles when spotted and flits off. They double back out of the dead end it was trying to lure them into, and actually emerge in the church.

6 piles of ash on the floor imply that the prisoners they free were burned by the spirit, who claims they were “unclean” but won’t elaborate further. The team worries they may have sent some long suffering Catholics to a firey death but…. maybe they were possessed or something? They find a note on Fringe’s remains saying goodbye and telling them to keep fighting the good fight- he has sensed a sickness at the core of the Spirit of the City of Chicago, and suggests they continue their investigations. The Jade Cup is fully destroyed, as promised, and the angelic spirit leaves after vowing to return to help 6Cyl and Aylin fight the Black Lodge.

The team heads back to the bolthole to rest and heal, all very exhausted from their ordeal.

Falling Angels
3/15/2021, 10:30:13 AM
Runners
Hotkey
Avocado
Test
Aylin
6 Cylinder
Carol Turpentine
and goodbye to: Dr. Kinnie Zest

The team drops their newly purloined Ancients street bikes off with Goober to get them repainted and fixed up, so they don’t get into trouble riding them. They then crash at the Bolthole after a hard night, while a few team members head back to Ahabitat to rest up there. They awake the next morning to find Kinnie Zest gone, the Tower Tarot card missing, and a note saying “Gone to Seattle, Don’t Follow”. Kinnie has also replaced the drones they lost on the last mission, and finished the second round of repairs on the sub. They reconfigure the TacNet and other team structures for good infosec, and discuss why Kinnie left: presumably to pursue his revenge on Richard Villiers. They hope the Tower card isn’t destroyed in the process and hope to hear from Kinnie again.

The team spends a few days finishing acclimating to the Zone’s overall mana sphere, and Avocado finds himself attuned to their safehouse a bit better as well. Patty C presents the team with some protective potions she has made to keep them safe, and seems excited to discuss some other theoretical advancements in the field with 6C when he has some free time. Otoko and Big Meat are having a fish feast with her, though they seem a lot more comfortable with the raw seafood diet than she does. They make some calls and call in some favors, with 6C getting the ball rolling with Old Crow to seize the Black Lodge’s copy of the Book of 9 Gates for his cleansing ritual.

6C also contacts Fr. Darren Dolf in NYC and reports on the Altar Boy issue. Dolf seems disturbed and tells the team that 2 Catholic operatives (likely Sylvestrines) have gone missing in the Zone in the last few weeks while looking into some mysterious new Bishop who has been operating out of some Church properties near the Cermak Crater.Dolf puts them in touch with Fringe, a strange disgraced changeling priest with angelic qualities. They agree to team up, and Fringe confirms that they are hunting a powerful master shedim (or 2), as well as an artifact that Fringe thinks might allow the shedim to open another stable rift to their homeplane.

Test and Hotkey, in the Bolthole, get a tip from some Desolation Angels about some Ancients embroiled in a firefight nearby and decide to go scope it out, hoping to get some useful intel about where the remaining Anients are holed up. They sneak up, but hang back, seeing the corp team from the Skeleton Key mission engaged in a brutal gun battle with a larger group of Ancients who seem to have tried to lure them into a trap. Both sides had a spellcaster but both are down, and the Ancients seem to have been trying to leave with the body of what looks like the leader of the corp team. HK tells the DA’s to hang back and trail any Ancients trying to leave.

At the last minute, HK lays down some suppressing fire to save the lone corp goon remaining on their feet and introduces himself. THe corp type recognizes him from the SK job and says they’re glad for the assist but that HK and Test should clear out before their backup gets their since the team killed a few members of the corp team the last time they met. However, she thanks HK for the assist, and tells hi, he’s welcome to the body the Ancients were trying to take: the Johnson for this job. She explains that the corp team are ex-NeoNet operators working freelance locally. HK and Test grab the Johnson, who’s been beheaded, and find that the beheading perfectly severed his biomonitor, preventing his cortical bomb from blowing.

They dip out of sight as the corp squad rescue vehicles arrive (it looks like a few other members survived due to HK’s intervention), and do some quick hacking. The Johnson is a bagman and Technomancer hunter who has worked locally for Shiawase: he’s the guy who originally kidnapped Sam for their clone experiments back in the day, and has been seeking her (and another escaped clone) ever since runners breached their facility and handed the remains over to Saeder Krupp. He recently got some leads that Sam and clone where both up for sale from some flesh peddlers, the Ancients, and made a deal. He hired the corp team as backup but it was a trap. HK and Test manage to also get the remaining funds on his expense account for the job.

The team reunites and tracks the Ancients back to the are outside the Cermak crater- they determine a likely Church to check out based on some good assensing and tracking, but lose the trail through the irradiated Crater and can’t confirm for sure. They also hear from Fringe that based on his research he has ID’ed the person most likely possessed by the Master who is calling himself “the Bishop”. They get a home address (more Church property- he is a groundskeeper hired recently to start rehabbing the properties during Operation:Takeback). The team decides to check out the house first, then the Church. They call in the DA’s to make a perimeter again to keep anyone from fleeing, and call in backup from Ryder.

After checking out the home amidst a heavy rainstorm, and both spotting and being spotted by some shedi guards in Ancients bods, the team decides to storm it. They hit up Becky 99 and tell the DA’s to close in around the church address while they call in Ryder to back them up. Remo (the sprite) is urging Test to hurry, as he can’t contact S@m. They defeat a few shedim guards, who seem to have stayed behind just to slow the team down, and make a chaotic entry into the house through series of poorly targeted grenades. They find evidence that the possessed church employee had gone toxic pre-possession, and was possessed during a summoning ritual, implying there is a free toxic spirit hanging around somewhere…. fun.

They also find evidence of the 2 missing Sylvestrines, as well as semi-concealed basement door. They head down and find the secure case for the Jade Cup, empty, bearing strange signs of both toxic and green magic, so it seems the shedim only gained it recently as their death aura hasn’t taken over. They also find a locked room containing 1 Sylvestrine, who seems to have been driven mad, and the remains of the other, who was apparently reanimated repeatedly by a low force shedim to force the survivor to butcher and consume him. They call in Ryder to get the survivor out, and he does, and they call in Fringe to arrange for him to get back to the Catholic Church’s care. Fringe also agrees to meet them at the church here to bring an end to this.

They find a tunnel in the floor which looks to lead to the church, and luckily Carol had prepared because he manages to FAB another waiting shedim as they open the hatch. The effects of the FAB III are terrible to witness, even on an enemy, and they decide to travel overland to their destination, assuming that the FAB will keep anyone from trying to escape through the tunnel. The DA’s call and say they have the church surrounded but that there’s some kind of gnarly ritual going on inside. The team races over, having to do some on the fly drug adjustments to stay conscious and functional for some, and breach the church.

6Cyl once again manages to blast the sacrificial knife out of Altar Boy’s hand, and almost trick shots the knife out of Auslander’s hand as well, but Auslander still manages to stab his victim- it looks like both S@m and SM-501 have been drugged and tied to the altar, and 6C isn’t sure which one he saved. 2 dozen mind-controlled Ancients and locals turn to charge the team, alongside AB, the toxic free spirit, and the possessed cyber-solider from Tate’s clinic. The team calls in the DA’s who go toe to toe with the enemy gangers as the team takes on the big bads. Fringe is outside cleansing the local space to allow the team to not suffer horrible background counts, and also interfering with Auslander’s ritual. Fringe’s angelic spirit is watching the exits to burn with holy fire any foes who try to flee.

Alyin manages to take out AB before he can deal any damage with his sword, and his teen face shows a look of great surprise as he slides in half from the monofil whip slice. Auslander keeps going after 6C with spells but Aylin keeps taking his damage and regenerating it, so the toxie comes after Aylin. Test starts hacking the cybersolider while Hotkey returns fire, and Carol makes a hail mary run with the FAB thrower to get to Auslander. Before long, HK, 6C, and Carol are all KO-ed, though Carol manages to shoot off the FAB cloud near Auslander just as he goes down.

Avocado steps up to the plate as Aylin and the hacked cybersoldier duel- the soldier is faster but doesn’t have regen, and with Test and Remo’s hacking support Aylin finally brings him down, just as Avocado uses a miraculous commanding voice to trick Auslander into staying put while the FAB III surrounds and envelopes him- they hear more twisted, horrible screaming as he is driven from this plane. A CrashCart team shows up and whisks 6C away to a hospital in the O’Hare sprawl while the rest of the team settles up. The DA’s on site were mostly wiped out with the exception of Becky, and Fringe looks drained from his efforts. Remo and Ryder and thrilled to find that S@m was saved, though the shedim seem to have stripped her of her TM abilities as part of the ritual. SM-501 bled out from the off target stab wound during the fight, unfortunately.

The team gets some local rep boosts, make some new and improved contacts, and gets paid from the Catholics as well as some local fundraising done to support their good deeds. They head back to the safehouses to rest up, and hear from Fringe that there is one more job available: a perilous mission to use the Jade Cup to travel to Auslander’s castle to defeat him once and for all and end his incursion attempts. This will destroy the Cup, and kill Fringe in the process, so they’ll get one shot at it. The team says they need a few days to rest up, and Fringe agrees. Avo also sets up a fight at the Vault for 6C, finally, and starts making some teaser ads to build hype.

Still Missing
3/3/2021, 11:47:19 AM
Runners
Kinnie Zest
Hotkey
Avocado
Test
Aylin
6 Cylinder
Carol Turpentine

Otoko emerges briefly to say hello and rub her bleary eyes before heading back to her den to continue bingeing trids. Patty C helps 6Cyl with some alchemical projects, and he finally learns the art of the alchemical bullet, a long goal of his. Test hears from Mrs. Clean that his new ID got burned again, and decides to start looking into what’s going on. He has a lead – a Foundation-obsessed decker at a bar called “The Hangman” in the Noose, but he can’t find him on the matrix- IRL visit it is. They also get word from Ryder that no useful ID’s have been made from the photos from the body pit but that they were printed in an old-school darkroom, so the chemicals needed might be way to track down who printed them, though Zone records are not exactly great.

Most of the team head to the bar to back up Test, and end up meeting with Quantum Princess, an old-school decker who helped set up NooseNet. She checks their reps, getting a bad vibe off Test, but after he explains himself and everyone else looks solid, she brings them into a backroom and shows them 4 comatose deckers, including the man Test sought. She tells them they were all early Foundation divers, and are now all that remains of the Midwest Pirate’s Guild. They all got obsessed with skimming the Null node, giving them access to lost info only usually accessible to TM’s, but said that they all eventually noticed something following them around the matrix (and after that, IRL) afterwards. Test, having skimmed the Null node in the Seelie Court, confirms the few steps he’s been through of this, and is worried about what’s next for him.

QP tells him that the MPG had figured out that they needed to perform some sort of ritual of obeisance to allow the Null node to “pwn” them in some way, but were unable to find their back to the necessary areas to perform it in time. They also debrief a bit about the Null Sect in general, and speculate about their involvement here. Test agrees to share any info he gets with QP, and the team takes a box of mesh repeaters to put up around town to expand NooseNet further, especially as DelaMar’s New Matrix expands into the Zone with the rebuilding. Test also confers with GC, who verifies that the New Matrix is much, much harder for AI’s and Garmonbozia specifically to stay concealed in, and agrees to see if GB wants to coop with Test vs the Null Sect longterm.

The team then gets a call from Becky 99, who says that she has a building with some creepy rumors around it she wants the team to check out. The Desolation Angels have a meeting with one of the few gangs they’re friendly with nearby, so they can meet up after and debrief on next steps tracking down their missing people. She can’t pay much, so they negotiate for future favors instead and agree to terms. They also hear that Ares was successful in rescuing Moonberry from and MCT Zero Zone, but it seems like someone warned MCT they were coming and the Ares team took heavy casulaties. Weirdly, the Ares team is wearing full armor, seems t be able survive what should be lethal wounds, and took all their casualties with them, according the footage leaked online. Based on the resilience of some of the MCT guards, it is speculated that they also have something up their sleeve, possibly confirming rumors that they are providing a safe home for some shedim in exchange for protection duties.

The team head to the building for B99, a former Fuchi dev center, and find it abandoned and looking kinda haunted. They sweep it with drones and, seeing no threats, head in. It looks like someone used breaching charges to enter the building a long while back and then boarded over it, but some of the boards have been pried or weathered down since. They check out the first floor, and find it totally trashed, but find some Universal Brotherhood recruitment material moldering in a break room. They spot a pack of devil and demon rats upstairs, but decide to steer clear for now. They head down to the basement, where the background count gets even worse. Weirdly, there is also a strong dissonance pool in the building. The building was built with some wireless blockers that are badly interfering with their comms as well.

They check out the basement and find 3 large chambers, the first a server room that is totally trashed. They find a journal from some employees who considered themselves loyalists but seem to have been overrun after barricading themselves here. In the next room they find the source of the awful odor and background count: a massive pile of twisted skeletons, some cocoon/pods that are husked and dried out, and a massive cloud of FAB III. The awakened team members flee while the rest continue to investigate. The pile of bodies looks to be the right amount for the entire staff of the facility, confirming rumors that this was the only Fuchi location in town that noone made it out of. The FAB canisters and other expended ordinance are all Ares brand from the appropriate era, suggesting this was one of the sites they hit where a hive was located. The pods look to be filled with the mutated remains of the “loyal” employees or perhaps other neighborhood strays, midway through their infestation.

The third room contains a destroyed decontamination chamber with a collapsed tunnel filled with more twisted skeletons, as well as more UB propaganda, suggesting that this office was infiltrated by bugs before the walls went up, and heavily enough that they took over and prevented anyone leaving. It seems to have been a roach nest. However, noone has been done here since, it seems, so the team figures it’s good paydata but not relevant to the current job. Carol grapples up the 2nd floor to investigate the sole semi-intact room the drones found, and avoid the rats, and finds what looks like a “brains-in-jars” experiment that feels related to The 100 experiment from Boston. Notes about “electrokinetics” on a whiteboard suggest that the brains likely belonged to Technomancers, explaining the dissonance well also. They find a scrap with the name “Halberstram” on it, but it looks to have been abandoned since the early 2070’s, so they figure again, good data but not currently relevant. The demon rat sneaks up on Carol and melts some of his armor but he escapes out the window, and see B99 and some other DA’s getting chased by a large mob of Ramblers.

The team sets up an ambush to help out, and gets some good hits in. Luckily they managed to avoid killing anyone, and end up convincing Griller, the Rambler head, to take a payout and an apology after they sort out what is going on. B99 apparently went on a rampage after the last mission, thinking the Ramblers were responsible for her missing people, based on what seems like a mediocre quality frame job. Griller affirms that they weren’t and threatens her further if she moves on them even the tiniest bit again, but takes off. B99 and the team debrief a bit and the DA’s head for a nearby safehouse to patch up and rest- it seems like she hasn’t slept for days. She gets them to go to the gang meeting at the nearby cemetery on her behalf. When they arrive, they find that the Crypt Keepers, the gang there, have all been massacred. They were a pacifist ghoul gang that offered burial services in exchange for food, and kept the bodies from being useful to shedim. With some clever hacking, they retrieve some data, and find that once again, someone did a frame-up attack on these guys, dressed in DA colors but obviously not the DA. However, they are skilled riders with both physical attacks and magic available.

The team does some digging on local gangs, and can’t figure out who it is, unless one of the syndicates sent in some muscle to fuck with the DA’s, since the DA’s interfere with human trafficking often, but this seems like a weird way to go about it. They call up Goober to see if anyone has been buying a ton of weird bikes and stuff recently, and find out (after convincing him this is a major community issue) that a creepy kid named Altar Boy has been. The team assumes he is likely a shedim, based on his appearing and all of this kicking off shortly after the major shedim presence in DeeCee got shut down. Reviewing footage, they also find a circle of dead flowers and weeds at the cemetery, further confirming. They get 2 leads fro B99 on where to look into Tasha more, and see if the team can figure out where she got spotted and photographed initially, to try to find more leads.

Tracking down the 2 leads to Brother’s Scrap Yard and the Maker’s Collective, they make some interesting contacts at both spots. They also link up with STV’s local liaison through Madeline Schmidt and agree to some future cooperation. Using some complex mixes of perceptions they manage to locate where the surveillance shots of Tasha and Misa Sanchez (the young dwarf TM from the DA safehouse) were taken, and confirm that Altar Boy was at one site with a fancy street bike, and an elf in slightly concealed Ancients colors was at the other. 6C is thrilled to finally get to go after his nemeses. They ask around a bit and find out about an Ancients clubhouse in an old S-Mart near the Cermak crater. They do some drone recon and gear up to go in heavy.

They confirm Ancients are onsite, due to the 12 fancy bikes parked out front. The drones don’t see any guards and proceed inside. They hear chanting from deeper in, and the team sends the drones deeper but loses comms and they don’t return, so the team rushes over to get in there, worried about a ritual. They call in backup from Becky and Nick Ryder (who’s drunk but gets a ride), but they will take some time to arrive so the team launches some grenades in ahead of their entry and rolls in. They spot some Watcher spirits observing them while others zip off, presumably to warn someone. They find the dead drones inside, near an expelled charged ward, which seems to have zapped them. They notice there is a large area in the center of the warehouse where astral space has been cleaned, and some sort of ritual is occurring,

They head in, with Avocado hanging back to lead from the rear, and Ryder and the DA’s finally arriving. The DA’s start trashing bikes outside, while Ryder dashes up to join the team, wearing some cobbled together and ill-fitting bulletproofs. They enter the center area and see Altar Boy about to plunge a knife into Misa Sanchez’ chest on top of an improvised altar, with a ring of 12 dead-eyed Ancients circled around, chanting. AB delivers a villain line, and Carol shoots him in the chest, but the rounds just bounce off, only slightly staggering AB. 6Cyl jumps in and pulls an amazing trick shot, shooting the knife out of his hands. AB declares the team the great heroes and says they can have the girl, and then flees, slipping into the shadows and moving unnaturally quickly, implying the use of some spirit powers.

Strangely, the Ancients don’t seem to be shedim-possessed, just mind-controlled, but 6Cyl revels in cutting them down, especially once the team notices they’ve all been implanted with cortical bombs, and a few of them detonate, almost taking out Aylin (who luckily regenerates). They kill all the Ancients, and looking down 6C notices that they are all very young, and realizes he saw a look of terror behind their eyes as they charged, and finally lets go off his childhood fear/hatred of them- he’s (almost) their height now, and obviously more powerful. 6C frees Misa and she asks if the others are safe, so the team races for the back of the store. They spot the area where AB warped through the wall to escape, and also find a busted walk-in full of bodies- each with a stab wound through the heart.

They find Tasha and the other TM’s they were seeking from the flower shop abattoir photos, except for SM-501, who is absent. It looks like they’ve been killed one at a time, once per day. Based on what AB said as he was fleeing, they know he has a Master and that they are apparently seeking some way to inhabit TM’s, based on the new revelations about the connections between Resonance and magic that the team has been involved in discovering/releasing. Becky takes Misa in quickly, wrapping her in an oversized gang cut and promising to keep her safe. She, Ryder and the team all vow to continue this investigation and get revenge/end this threat, and Ryder promises them get out of jail free favors from him (for something “reasonable”), and they head their separate ways to regroup.

Missing Person
2/15/2021, 6:22:21 PM
Runners
Kinnie Zest
Hotkey
Avocado
Test
Aylin
6 Cylinder
Carol Turpentine

They head over to the bar to meet Ryder, grabbing HK on the way, and get the rundown. Another Johnson is also present, Martin Tate, a doctor with clinics throughout the Zone. Him and Ryder both are invested in the missing persons case, and give the team a few specific ones from the last few days to follow up on. They arrange payment, including some ’ware and surgery from Tate, and both hint they will be good people to know in future. Ryder also tells them to expect a call from a contact of his named S@m, who sends her sprite Remo to tell them to look for a missing TM named SM-501 as well, who 3D has also reported as missing to HK: the investigations overlap!

The team heads out to the first locale, 2 families that missed a neighborhood watch meeting the previous night. The area seems well defended and very clean for the Zone, centered around the split level house that the 2 families share on a fenced and defended triple yard. The team teaches some local patrolling teens some better tactics to ensure they are welcome here and explain their presence as investigators. This seems to work and they receive a warning about the house being trapped, and spot some trip wires, sensors, and pressure pads. Aylin also spots a lot of dead fowl in the detached shed, and from the maggots they think they could potentially determine time of death, which might hint to time of disappearance, but Avocado narrows it down to “sometime yesterday”. The house also has a suspiciously well-defended matrix host, styled to look like a high-end but not suspicious home security system, which raises the team’s hackers’ eyebrows.

Seeing that the converted garage door drawbridge is lowered over the lot’s moat, they think that’s probably the best way in, and prepare to enter. After they stress for a while, Carol walks across and with no problems, the car follows. Carol spots some dirtbike tracks behind the chicken shed that noone else had noticed that seem to be from around the time of disappearance, and in a place not visible by the house’s cameras. He also pukes, hard, after opening the shack. The team carefully heads in, wary of traps, and manages to avoid triggering any. They use a maglock to backdoor into the well-defended system, and Test uses TM powers to obscure them while HK recovers cam footage and some log data. Reviewing it, they see one of the dad’s of the families go out to check out the shed after a sensor activation around when the bike was there, and then return into view about 1/2 an hour later, seeming both stronger and lighter on his feet somehow. The team assumes some sort of spirit possession.

About another 1/2 hour later, both families pile into their 2 cars, lower the drawbridge, and drive off. HK, being a family man familiar with having a go-bag and a quick exit plan, takes a look around and confirms that the families left in an orderly hurry. There also seems to be a surprising lack of electronics in the kids’ rooms, implying they were possibly TM’s themselves. Carol finds a hidden room in the basement, with evidence which implies that the parents have been in the Zone since around when it went up, searching for “Melissa”, who they assume is Melissa Truman, the famous missing heiress to the corporate fortune. They gather all the evidence and head out to the next site. As they leave, they spot some Desolation Angels watching them from a distance, but lose them quickly.

Rolling up to Tate’s recovery house, they find 4 unmarked but corpsec-looking guards on 2 entrances. They don’t give the team any trouble once they confirm they are from Tate, and take off. The team gets the power back on inside, seeing that something seems to have punched a hold in the panel and bypassing it, decides not to loot the medical supplies onsite since Tate didn’t give them those passcodes, and get more security camera footage. With some impressive analysis, Test is able to spot another dirtbike’s shadow just out of frame. Shortly after, 2 children (who they recognize as the missing kids from the previous house) run up to the door screaming, and the guard and nurse let them in. Ushering them into the back, them and the kids are all KO’ed by 4 smoking canisters the kids pop open. A blurry figure then enters through the front door and everything is lost in a cloud of smoke for a short moment before the power cuts. They assume this figure was either camo’ed or moving super fast but can’t get a good image.

They also get a list from Tate of what implants the recovering patient had, and find out he was getting super kitted out with deltaware. They also do some digging on his name, and find out that he is an employee of Truman Technologies (now a Horizon subsid), in their “special projects” wing. They wonder if the previous house’s occupants gave up the location to this clinic, given the Truman ties, or what is going on. Carol also spots a disconnected and dusty LoneStar emergency button, and sends a pic and some anonymized details to Candice, for her campaign against them. The team heads to the 3rd site, and runs into more Desolation Angels. The address they were given as a last known for SM-501 looks to be a bombed-out ruin, and the DA’s are digging for bodies.

Aylin approaches Becky 99 in astral, and they agree to chat in meatspace. The team heads in, and a few get details from Becky while HK uses his computer skills to help located bodies by seeking active devices. Apparently this was a DA safehouse for people who needed a safe and secret location to get away from dangerous men or organizations of whatever sort, so noone else should have known it was here. Test recovers some info from a smashed comm that HK digs up, and it seems like someone set off a gas leak to blow the building and also had set up a jammer to keep those inside from communicating out. Disturbingly, there are only half as many bodies as there should be, and although a lot are badly dismembered, noone finds any pieces of the missing 4. Carol once again spots some dirtbike tracks.

Becky gives them images and names: a human and dwarf woman, SM-501, and Tasha, the DA’s young TM mascot. Becky seems distraught and offers the team a bonus for sharing their findings, making clear she wants revenge as well as wanting them found. Test has a bright idea, and coordinates with HK, a skilled profiler, using the 3 sites they’ve interacted with to triangulate a potential locus to focus on. Sending out drones to do recon, they find an abandoned flower shop pretty much dead center, with 3 dirtbikes and one of the family station wagons parked out back under an awning, all unlocked and with keys in them, seemingly either ready to go or waiting to get stolen. Avo calls Holmes and gets confirmation that none of their missing people overlap with the folks recruited into Fey bargains, with HK adding a ton of random names to their list to try not to give Holmes too much info.

The DA’s agree to help the team secure the area around the flower shop, and prevent attempts at escape by the kidnappers. 6Cyl sends in a spirit that warns of a terrible background count, and doesn’t want to go further. It also warns them of multiple magical signatures but no auras on the first floor, but Avo gets impatient and flips the lightswitch just inside the front door. This sets off a fireball spell, which torches the shop, but is quickly put out by some sprinklers. Carol steps in and is instantly almost killed by some DMSO/Slab solution in the sprinkler spray. They haul him out with a grapple and 6C cleans him with a water spirit, before they heal him up a bit. They head in more carefully after the sprinklers die off, and find the shop looking long-term abandoned, but the freezer room in back still operational. Locating a hatch in the floor, Carol opens it and pukes, hard, again at the terrible odor from within, and falls in the hatch getting stuck.

They haul him out, and see that the larger team members are going to have to strip their armor off to fit down the narrow, old-looking tunnel. This is also where the background count gets especially bad and Death-aspected, so they assume this must be shedim and not bugs. A few of them head down, with Carol stripping off his armor to fit, and Test slips in the gore and gets some in his mouth. They seem like old bootleggers tunnels, and given the collapses visible, not very stable. Carol enters an abattoir chamber ahead where it dead ends (ha) and finds bits of a few of the missing people, but none of the TM’s, and finds creepy surveillance photos crossed out of all the TM’s they had ID’ed plus a few others. Unfortunately, he doesn’t see the mistform vamps who slip in through a crack in the wall and they get the drop on him, nearly killing him and beginning to feed.

The team frantically shuffles around in the tunnel to try to get in to help, and 6Cyl manages to take one vamp down, with Aylin chasing the other in mist form back the way it came. She emerges into a city utility tunnel filled with Fear the Dark graff and manages to catch and kill the 2nd vamp. She starts to find her way back, following the death aura, and based on the lack of vamp bites on any of the body pieces, assumes that the vamps had likely done the same and were not the original killers. The bodies in the chamber are fully torn apart, and look chewed on. The team quickly grabs the photos off the wall and the few non-disgusting bits of evidence they can find as the chamber begins to collapse from the gunfight damage.

Aylin mists through the debris and rejoins them as they reascend, and Kinnie confirms that 2 of the side tunnel collapses look recent and planned, so someone likely came down here, escaped via one or both smuggler’s tunnels, and closed them behind themselves. They debrief Becky 99 up top, and confirm that a few more of the depicted individuals are missing TM’s. B99 says she wants her people rescued and/or wants revenge, and that she’ll be in touch. The team keeps one of the kidnappers dirt bikes (after checking for traps) and the Desolation Angels take the rest of the vehicles.

The team heads to the bolthole in Hoodville to patch up and do some research, and confirm between talking to 3D and checking missing persons boards that the rest of the photos also depict missing people, all of whom are known or suspected TM’s. They also some do some more digging into the “Melissa” angle and find some more hints but everything seems out of date. This doesn’t explain why Truman Tech was sending in a fresh operative though… They arrange to meet up with Tate and Ryder, and head to Tate’s newest clinic, being built out and guarded by a tribe of Neil the Ork Barbarian cosplayers. They give Ryder the intel first, and he pays up, saying that he hopes the team will keep looking into this as well. He seems confused that one of the pics they found was of S@m, and suggests that one of her clones must have survived after all, and gotten free (and then snatched up again). Tate dismisses him, but he takes the pics to run some tests.

They then debrief Tate, who agrees to get them some discout ’ware as promised, and seems very interested in the Melissa Truman intel, and says he will likely have more work for them soon. They head back to Ahabitat to rest up for a few days and figure out next steps.

Fey Foods and Boltholes
2/8/2021, 8:53:59 PM
Runners
Kinnie Zest
Hotkey
Avocado
Test
Aylin
6 Cylinder
Carol Turpentine

The team’s been up for over 24 hours at this point, and decide to head home to rest. Goober gives them a discount for making sure people know he’s the mechanic who helped save the ghoul kids, and they get their car back. Test decides to set up a bolt hole in the CZ to have a land (and matrix-connected) option. Using Opti’s rep they secure team invites to NooseNet, the local shadowboard, and Test makes contact withe 3D, the admin of the Hoodville community in the Noose. 3D verifies that the team aren’t affiliated with the Horde (although he doesn’t elaborate as to why) and agrees to set up the spot Test has envisioned. The team drops Test off there, so he can reconnect with GC via Marry Me. He also invites the hostess Molly from the bar, and gets her to agree to an IRL date in a few weeks as well. GC verifies that Garmonbozia will be in touch with Skeleton Key to see if it wants assistance or shelter. Ominously, 3D also wants some help clearing digital vines from some old hosts in the area, so it seems like Null problems are here as well.

The rest of the team heads back to Ahabitat via sub, and rests up. They fix up their fuel system using some more of the repair supplies they bought from Ares (to appease the Sea Dragon) and Mako pays a visit, confirming that the SD has extended her protection to the Zone community known as “Freaktown”, as she apparently has an affinity for changelings. The awakened team members finally feel somewhat adjusted to the local manasphere, also. They get a message from Allan Clay, the nervous TM johnson from the bar, and 6C plans to follow up. Aylin’s mom also says she has something for Aylin and 6C. 6C gets dropped off at ATF to buy a camo cloak, and the team grabs Test from his gaming fest at the bolthole and picks 6C back up.

They do some matrix sleuthing on Festival Foods, and find that they are providing product to a soup kitchen in the northern Noose, so they head there. They spot some Volk on headed that way as well, but Carol sees some other figures laying an ambush, so they lay back and use the gunfire as a distraction to sneak into the Feeding UCAS building. It seems like a totally legit soup kitchen (no bug magic), but they get spotted by a Neo-Anarchist decker named Gamze Seidel. After they assure her they’re just looking into Festival Foods, she backs off but keeps an eye on them. The team that ambushed the Volk come in shortly after, and seem to be more Neo-A’s.

A combat decker named Angoka is giving them the stink eye, but they make friends with the seeming “leader”, Lycus, and get some info about the SIN drive they are running out of this and some other spots (what the Volk were targeting seemingly). They are using old pre-Crash records to get Zone denizens started on their paperwork to get official ID’s. Gamze and Angoka have managed to retrofit some old city govt terminals that they are apparently able to pull data off of. Hotkey thinks this will be good info to pass on to Mrs. Clean/Sierra Corp, but Lycus and the others seem very suspicious of corp involvement. The team heads out and 6C is delighted to see a dwarf woman in home-welded knight armor ride up on a bike armored up to look like horse.

They converse a bit, and she reveals herself to be one Lassie Landsknecht, and offers her services as a chevalier if 6C or other weaklings find themselves in need of saving. 6C leaves a note after she bikes off to try to get in touch with her again, somewhat besotted. They also spot the Neo-A tagger Vonny seemingly commemorating the site of the nearby Volk massacre, using drones to quickly throw a huge piece up, but they leave him be. They head to their next lead, the Vault, where a fixer made the deal to get the soup kitchen Festival Foods for cheap. Arriving, they find a well-defended building surrounded with bollards and guarded by Desolation Angels, housing the fighting bar as well as a medical clinic.

Aylin makes friends with the DA’s, especially a young TM named Tasha who seems fascinated by Aylin’s monowhip, and gets approval from Becky 99, the leader, to get one. After a while Matt Wrath comes out to get Matt Rat some fresh air, and Kinnie and Test converse with him a bit, getting recognition as fellow Jackpointers. MR agrees to introduce them to Sid as a favor to some newcomers, and offers his skills as a guide and fighter if needed. They head in and meet Sid, who’s a bit greasy but seems cannier than he looks. Avocado feeds him a whole line, but he just seems excited about making a connection with a new team and is happy to help. He sets up a meet with Danny Dankwallow, his connection at Festival Foods, and Carol hopes to also use the meet to get intel useful to Ares. They plan to link up a public location near O’Hare, minimizing both parties risk.

At Carol’s suggestion, they do a deep dive into the related Tarot, in order to maximize their negotiating position, and find some info on where Moonberry likely is being held captive, as well as determining some of the answers to Hansu Prophecies 6, 7 and 8. They head to the meet, and carefully negotiate in Courtly rhyme with Dankwallow, to subvert his guards’ surveillance. They discover that he’s working for Hanged Man, and the guards seem to be from AZT. Which is weird, since Festival Foods is a Renraku subsid. Dankwallow offers to put them in touch with his boss in HM, and seems amenable to switching sides as needed if it helps free his wife, which is the only reason he got involved. He confirms that the strange additive to the food was his idea, inspired by the team’s discoveries about Taco Temple at Court, and doen in order to magically track and approach people who are in dire economic or social straits for potential voluntary Pa bargains and servitude at Court.

The team decides to do further research and calling around, and goes for a drive, trying to resolve Prophecy 8. 6C calls up Fargus Sol and he helps them determine that there is likely some kind of 4th World treasure near the Iran/Turkmenistan border, near Aden’s turf. They also sell Prophecy 6 info to Ares, where Candice Phillips seems excited to be dealing with Avocado who she obviously respects more than Carol. They arrange for Ares to rescue Moonberry as well, in exchange for a positive intro at Court, where they currently lack standing. They also sell Prophecy 7 info and Moonberry into (related) to SpinRad via Miranda King, who seems excited to get the info, as she seems like she’s still finding her footing in the corp after jumping off the sinking ship of NeoNET recently.

Sol also gets the Catholics to finally return 6C’s calls, and he arranges with Darren Dolf (who seems likely to be a cutout for the Vigilia Evangelica) to bring their Book of 9 Gates and help with the ritual to free Aylin and 6C. However, there’s a cost: the VE requires that the team retrieve the 3rd Book from the Black Lodge (or whoever stole/bought it from them after they stole it from the Catholics), both for the ritual to work and as pay for them at the end. Dolf agrees that Arleesh will keep her Book, as they trust her to keep it safe, or so they say. 6C starts scheming on how to make this happen.

The team contacts Dankwallow using the burner comm they slipped him at the meet, and set up the deal with Ares. He says he will have his boss pop over to Earth and contact them, and a short while later they get a call from Rooster, who explains that the whole thing is an elaborate smear campaign on behalf of AZT, in revenge for the team’s actions to help Renraku at Court. Rooster agrees to share the smear info with the team’s employers if they wait a week to hype them. They plan to play up the “disappearances” of poor people who ate Festival Foods and hint at the bug cult/Chicago history to put people off of it. Holmes agrees, and Rooster and Holmes both seem delighted that Ares has decided to rescue Moonberry from MCT’s well-defended TRU-13 unit, which will likely be a deadly mission, which they now don’t need to undertake while still receiving the benefits.

The team gets paid out, and agrees to potentially do more jobs for Hanged Man in the future to disrupt Court stagnation. They head to the hotel where Aylin’s mom is staying in order to get the present she has for 6C and Aylin, and she requests they all call her “Patty C” for now. 6C does some real awkward stuff trying to participate in her and Aylin’s fam dynamic and she tries to welcome it. She gives them both potions, and explains that she is a skilled alchemist, though her magical ability has been depleted by her possession. They decide to invite her to the safehouse, where she can work on potions to make a living and also collab with 6C.

They drop HK off at the Bolthole, where he has a lengthy hang with his fam, gets updates on the situation in NYC, and talks about their plans to maybe come to Chicago, Aanka has been getting involved in some “Free CIty” campaigns on the matrix, in St Louis and Seattle specifically, and the community mesh network HK helped set up in their corner of Queens seems to be working well to keep both the Null Sect and the DelaMar sec upgrades at bay, useful for refugees and freedom fighters. HK also hangs with 3D for a bit and gets some deets on a few things: the missing technomancers (suspicious, and seemingly different than previous cases of corp kidnap or hate crimes), and the local phenomena of metaracist combat tourism. HK agrees to help with both, but decides to talk the team into looking into missing persons first, and gets a lead.

The rest of the team rests up at Ahabitat, and at Test’s demand, Patty C starts involving herself in providing some “real world” lessons to Otoko. Kinnie finishes the first major sub repair, and they try to contact Allan Clay, the nervous TM Johnson, but get a dead line. Worried that this may be connected, they head back to town and finally call Red back about his missing persons job as well, figuring they can roll two jobs into one again. Red puts them in touch with an alcoholic Omnistar detective, Nick Ryder, who sets up a meet shortly thereafter at a Zone dive bar.

Under Lock and Key
1/18/2021, 9:46:11 PM
Runners
Kinnie Zest
Hotkey
Avocado
Test
Aylin
6 Cylinder
Carol Turpentine

The team spends the next day hungover from the bday party and working on fixing up the Hab, now named AHABitat. They name the sub the “Shadowrudder.” Otoko has only been emerging for food occasionally while bingeing all the new sims Test bought her. Kinnie and Hotkey, in charge of repairs, make a list of needed supplies, and the team also makes a list of necessary upgrades and purchases to pick up. Carol, Avocado, and Aylin head to town in the sub to get all that stuff while Test, HK and Kinnie finetune the air recycler and fix the chemical toilets. 6Cyl does alchemy all day to begin stocking up their new Vault of Ages.

In town, the team splits up their purchases to not give any one supplier too much info about what they’re up to. Goober gets them sub upgrades and a water safe comms drone (also stealthed). They get enviro tech and filters from Sierra Corp to stay on the Sea Dragon’s good side by not polluting, and get all the other fittings and equipment needed from Ares. They then head into town further to meet with Red, and get some local vamp tips. Aylin makes fast friends with the ethical vamp, and gets good local info. He seems down to trade more info and favors for hooder runs.

They then head to Camp Lincoln, to try to rendezvous with the Fleshmongers, who purchase trapped bodies there to sell to local infected or part out. They successfully find them and make an ammo trade deal to get Aylin fed, and Aylin gets a dead drop to call for future needs. She feels bad about the scenario though and hopes to seek out more ethical feeding. The team then heads back to the sub and the hab, with their delivered purchases in tow.

The next day, the team gets the comms drone working and receives some messages. GC is trying to get ahold of Test, and Aylin’s mom has come to town, a surprisingly fast return from intense trauma therapy. The team contacts Mrs. Clean to get a rough idea of the payout on all her jobs, and chooses one to follow through on first. Avocado buys a car with a cowcatcher from Goober, and they head to the O’Hare Sprawl and meet a Johnson, who turns out to be ex-NN, in a poser/Zone tourist bar. Test makes a friend of one of the hostesses by mocking it all.

They agree to a price, but are a little uncomfortable that it involves handing over a shadowcaster named Opti, along with some data he apparently stole. With some background research, they figure out that their Johnson has lost some sort of “special project” that he salvaged from collapsing NN and was planning to use as a means to another job. He seems a bit down on his luck and desperate, but the pay is good. Test pays the hostess for any tips on odd happenings she spots.

They then get into a brief scuffle with 2 poser gangs in the parking lot, but easily scare them off. They then head towards the airport, and Aylin and 6Cyl meet with her mom while the rest meet with a young drake and a hugely charismatic woman named Mako. Aylin’s mom tells them she met these entities on Celephais, and helped Mako raise the drake along with 7 others from infancy- weirdly, again, for the relative time passed. This confirms that Celephais has some weird time shit, similar to the Seelie Court. Also strangely, Aylin’s mom only appears slightly older than Aylin remembers her from when she disappeared- only her eyes show all that she’s been through since then.

Aylin reveals that she is a vampire, and her mom tells her it was a vamp who gave her the Blood Box all those years ago. They bond and reconnect a bit, touchingly, and make plans to continue. Aylin tries to give her way too much money, and 6C very awkwardly declares himself part of the family too. They then head down and Aylin’s mom meet the team and they all chat a bit. Meanwhile, the team has met with the drake and Mako, who are here on behalf of the Sea Dragon to cement the agreement made with the merrow.

The team sends them to Carol, who lacks a good SIN other than his real one, and stayed with the sub. They get there surprisingly quickly, and he frantically gets some tips on piloting from Goober. They head down and he makes the intro to Otoko, who takes them down to meet Big Meat and Ryujin. Carol heads back to the surface and plans to meet with the team at Club Clusterfunk, their first lead on where to look for Opti. They all link up, and Carol borrows some money from his brother to get Seirra Corp to upgrade his SIN. Spending a while surveilling the bar they can’t find any obvious leads, so Avocado tries to casually ask one of the servers, who pleads ignorance. Kinnie heads back to the docks to work on the sub some more.

However, the mention of Opti attracts some attention from a bar patron, the shadowcaster Static, who seems to be a rival. She gets some money from them for an address for Opti, and they head out. Strangely, the square block around Opti’s hideout is one of the nicest parts of the CZ that they’ve seen, especially impressive given that it’s in the Noose. The team is starting to feel a little more iffy about handing this runner over to a corp Johnson given that he seems to be doing some good hooding work. For now, they continue, with Carol’s suggestion to contact him voted down. Half the team stays in the car to keep it running and do matrix support with Aylin floating up to the 3rd floor in mist form. The rest of the team uses spirit concealment to sneak through a thai restaurant to a shared courtyard with a door leading up to Opti’s.

HK luckily spots a secondary security measure, and him and Test bypass with some sprite assistance, opening the door. 6C notices astral markings in the narrow stairwell, but verifies it is a powerful astral ward, so he doesn’t think he can bypass it without alerting the caster anyway so they just walk in. They find a collection of shadowcasting gear, various bits of tech, and a lot of collectible ephermera, including a lot of Crow/Raven themed gear and a signed Jonny Silver guitar. Test gets an urgent message from GC and is told to make sure he grabs the beeping device inside and make sure it broadcasts. He tells them team but does so- it contains a fragment of the code string the Johnson gave them to recognize his program. It also pings 3 other map locations when activated- it looks like Opti disabled the antennae on the comm but Test bypasses that with his touchlink ability,

They are starting to poke around a bit more when 6C spots a spirit watching them in astral and the room starts slowly filling with acid fog, doing some armor damage to everyone. A 3-minute countdown also begins. Test stays til the last second, getting some info off the terminal before diving out the window, ko-ing in the impact. The room explodes behind him, but seems intended only to destroy the insides and barely damages the rest of the building. This plus the countdown implies this was more a security measure than a trap, as Opti seems to have not wanted to kill anyone. GC messages again when Test wakes up to tell him to track down the other 3 locations, and tells Test doing so won’t violate their team norms.

Test and HK then receive a call from an unknown number, offering info on Opti- they agree to meet and head to Jindrich’s, a small fancy bar near O’Hare. They meet a woman named Vox, who is on a list of allies/peers they pulled from Opti’s terminal. She asks them to go a quick task in exchange for the info and they agree. They head for a literal hole in the Wall bar called the Civil Libation Tea Room and Avocado distracts the chatty proprietor while Carol and 6C steal a datachip out of the safe, with Aylin and HK providing remote support. They return to Jindrich’s and hand it over. Strangely, one of the 3 map pins shows as being there as well. Vox accepts the info, seems to receive a message, and then looking slightly confused, hands the team her burner comm and tells them “this is what they need.” Having scanned the datachip, they know it’s a list of Seattle high society B and C-listers, and she offers to reconnect if they find themselves in that city.

Taking the burner comm to the car, Test connects both at GC’s instruction, and the code seems to copy it’s opposite instance to both. They now seem to have half of the code string. Following another map pin, they head to the Chicago Market area as the pin finally stops moving around. They find a huge music festival occurring and all buy tickets, it is a benefit for a “Save our Ghoul Youth” foundation, and seems to have some corp support from Evo and Horizon. There are some classic rockers playing, as well as a local opener and mid-tier shadowband member, Vendetta Violent, doing a solo set. She seems to be the target. Aylin and Avo buy VIP passes to get backstage, and Avo poses as a pusher while Aylin mists to bypass security to get into the musicians’ green room.

VV and another man inside, Monday Trip, ID him as a runner right away, though they don’t initially spot misty Aylin. They have a slightly tense negotiation of figuring out what he wants but seem basically chill, and agree to sell him the partitioned data package off Trip’s comm that has been giving them trouble. However, before the transfer can go through, the racist/metaracist Volk gang kidnaps a bus full of ghoul children, and VV and Trip tell Avo to get his team and save the bus, and they’ll give him the data for free plus a bonus. Aylin manifests and they seem a bit surprised, but all agree to the deal, and the team starts after the bus, which is speeding off trying to run over anyone it can as the children scream and try to escape from inside. Aylin hangs back to keep an eye on the payday.

They chase down the bus, with Kinnie joining just in time to pull the car around. Avocado uses commanding voice to get the rest of the team into the backstage area and 6C summons a spirit to boost his speed on foot. Hotkey and Test manage to tagteam a hack and dump the Volk hacker out of the bus system, while Kinnie pulls the car up next to the bus and Carol uses a grapple to jump up on top. 6C catches up to the Volk car on foot and blasts one of them who was trying to get a rocket launcher set up, and then mana balls the car, finishing off the dumpshocked decker and 2 others.

The remaining passenger shoots 6C but he dodges, Then, the driver clips him with the car, sending him flying into a building, killing him. His CrashCart bracelet activates, and the team sees an ambulance racing in from the concert (where Evo had a major presence). They finish off one more of the Volk and then focus on slowing the bus down as the Volk car speeds off. Unfortunately, Kinnie crashes the car, not being a great driver, and almost totals it. The limp back to the concert area, with Carol heroically riding atop the bus after poking his head in to calm the children, and deciding not to climb down in and risk a bite.

Test gets a hashtag started to boost the team’s local rep, and they get the data for free from VV. Aylin is also told she can get food for life (at a reasonable rate) from Long Pig Farm in thanks. The team sees the data combine with the previous packets once again when Test links them, and head to Goober’s to swap cars while theirs is repaired. They then head for the final geotag, also in the Zone. They find a fortified warehouse with a mishmash of senors and drones protecting it. Using some excellent surveillance, spirit support, recon, and hacking they manage to infiltrate the facility with no alerts and find the onsite decker Numitor (from Opti’s enemy list) engaged in a matrix fight with some sort of digital entity.

They make their way through a few floors of traps fighting over a dozen drones who are creepily all dressed up like local runners, fixers, and Johnsons, some of whom the team recognizes. It looks like Numitors uses them for target practice, and they do some research and find he in a former Otaku who faded instead of emerging, and has become spiteful and hateful. They find his hardened safe room, and manage to blow their way in, with Carol and 6C teaming up to just barely prevent him from detonating a suicide vest before they can grab the cyberdeck they seek.

It has the antenna disabled, once again, and they jam it while Test links it up with the other fragments. They all copy to the deck, and the team finally seems to have the full file Mr. Johnson wanted. Now they just need to find Opti…. They leave the area and receive a message from Opti telling them to meet them where they first got the job so he can talk to them and their Johnson and sort things out. They don’t have a way to respond so they call the Johnson and head that way. Montgomery is nervous when they arrive and frustrated that they won’t give him the data right away. They eventually assure themselves there isn’t an obvious trap, and also no sign of Opti, so they pass him the data.

He jacks into the deck and seems relieved to find it all there, just before the bar’s auto turrets deploy and blow him to pieces. A voice over the PA announces that it is the now recompiled AI known as “Skeleton Key”, a sort of protosapient matrix B&E expert program. Opti comes out from the back and seems just as surprised as the team that his “tech guy” was in fact an AI, who just murdered the Johnson (with cause, but still). Just as Opti is negotiating to pay out the team and go about their separate ways, a heavy duty corp strike team rolls in and fans out into the bar. The turrets retarget and there’s a brief pause while the corp team tries to convince the team to come over to their side for pay.

In the parking lot, 6Cyl sees another runner team sneak up on the corp troops and get them in a crossfire. They tell the corp troops to stand down and everyone can walk away, but then the turrets kick in. A brief gunfight ensues but the corp troops quickly retreat, outflanked and overpowered. The second team explains they came to back up Opti, and the team finishes negotiating, gets paid, and gets a local rep boost and a promise of a shoutout on Opti’s next ’cast. They try to track the corp teams to figure out who they were working for but lose signal on the tracer 6C placed while heading out of town to the North.

Meanwhile, Carol has passed out in the trunk from too much stim, and the Tan Robes pay him another visit in his dream state. This time they read his mind, find out what happened in Fauth-Doshgoi, and tell him that when the team goes to space, they will kill a man named Fentin Walls, and agent of GOD, in order to square themselves with the TR. Otherwise, trouble and pain. Carol is annoyed, but so injured he is unable to effectively resist.

Take A Chance
1/4/2021, 3:35:11 PM
Runners
Kinnie Zest
Hotkey
Avocado
Test
Aylin
6 Cylinder
Carol Turpentine

The team stocks up at ATF, and Test and Carol call their local contacts, getting a brief on what the broad situation in Chicago is currently. Feeling a little more grounded, they locate a secure coffin motel on the Westside with a good rep and a price to match. They head there, clean up, stash some gear, and then head to Horde territory to find a smuggler to drive them into the CZ to their meet. They end up hiring a Skraacha member after Kinnie helps him tune up his van and he gives Carol some shit about not knowing Or’zet. They reach the Purple Pig without trouble, and find 3 other teams also interviewing. They play it cool and 6 Cyl makes friends with 2 laconic street sams.

They meet with Sarah Silverleaf, who flirts aggressively with the more charismatic team members, which only Test rejects. They banter for quite a while, with 6C offering an extensive breakdown on his pseudo-relationship with Zeha Cadgris. They head back outside while the 4th team interviews, and then get the job- some of the other teams seems annoyed but only the Silver Vixens are at all aggro. The team shakes it off and heads into the back to get the job deets. They then head down to Goober’s dock near the Calumet port to stock up on water gear and meet their sub pilot.

He sells them some last minute gear, and they head out. They reach the former Yamatetsu facility without incident, though the sub creaks and groans a lot. One of the 3 modules is completely wrecked, and the connecting shaft between the other 2 is damaged. Luckily, the moon pool in the top module is intact, so they head up through there without getting wet. They check out the module, which seems long abanonded, though repairable, aside from a scattering of small, well-tended plants. They get some air flowing again to clear out the rotted fish smell, and investigate, finding nothing of note until they stumble across a teenage girl sleeping amidst a pile of tech devices in a storage closet.

They grab her to keep her from fleeing, and question her, not getting a ton of info. However, once they agree to repair her “busted” tech, which turns out to just be a case of drained batteries, and repair the saltwater osmosis generator for her to keep recharging stuff, she becomes much friendlier, and goes to fetch a massive man who seems to run security for whatever community is here. He agrees to bring them down to meet 2 others who he say know more about what they seek. A few team members stay back with Goober and the sub, but most head down, squeezing through the busted elevator shaft and then swimming a short distance to the other module, where they find a small crowd of humans of various ages waiting.

Conversing with an elderly man named Ryujin, Avocado and Alyin make their purpose semi-clear, and are ushered back to meet Dr. Urashima. He gives them the data core they seek in return for 3 things: a ride to the surface, help finding him an appropriate new place, and help finding an appropriate non-corporate sponsor for the uplifted merrow community living here. He explains a bit of his work, but they are interrupted by news of another sub approaching. They encourage Ryujin to use illusion spells to make the habs look more damaged and uninhabitable, while Big Meat preps for a fight. BM and Otoko help get the data core and Urashima up to the sub, and the team leaves a broadcasting RFID saying that they have the data core and sabotaged the structure behind them. They race back towards the docks.

Using his newly improved Fresnel coat, Test is able to spot and quick hack an incoming torpedo just before it impacts them, allowing them to reach Goober’s dock safely. Silverleaf greets them there and takes possession of the data core. She pries for more info, but the team plays it cool and she seems satisfied. They then bring Urashima to their motel, and make next plans. Evo seems like the best fit for him still, so they contact Holmes, the local Evo fixer, who seems to have been the one pursuing them in the other sub as well. They hope this will help them remain neutral between the corps in Chicago for now. Mrs. Clean also tips the team off to some other work opportunities in town, and Carol gets some more Tarot and investigative work from Ares.

They accept a job from Holmes and pass off Urashima succcessfully, and also purchase the sub from Goober. They make a deal with Ryujin, Big Meat, and Otoko to use the upper module as their safehouse, with a promise to bring no trouble, in exchange for contacting the Sea Dragon on their behalf to ensure the protection of their communities independence. 6Cyl meets with a local toxic shaman/anti-corp activist named Catharsis who seems affiliated, and shortly thereafter the Sea Dragon publicly announces her protection for the “free merrow” and other water-life in Lake Michigan, much to the consternation of some. Fargus Sol and Arleesh seem well-pleased by the team’s moved though, and happy to report that with help from the Unseelie they have begun devising a ritual to free Aylin and 6 Cyl from Tohu-Wa-Bohu’s patronage. However, this will require the presence of all 3 Books of 9 Gates, of which they only have 1. 1 more was at least once held by the Catholics, and the other is long lost.

The team grabs all their gear and some repair supplies from town and heads down to the new safehose, spending a couple days cleaning and repairing it, first getting the air exchanger working again. Kinnie plans to continue Goober’s tinkering with the sub, getting it back to spec (or above), and he and Hotkey begin scheming how to get away from using fuel oil for the generator in order to stay on the Sea Dragon’s good side. Avocado also picks an arbitrary date for 6C’s birthday and they celebrate wildly until everyone crashes.

Adios to the Rotten Apple
12/30/2020, 11:08:53 AM
Runners
Kinnie Zest
Hotkey
Avocado
Test
Aylin
6 Cylinder
Carol Turpentine

Hotkey visits his family, gets some Chicago updates and contacts, and makes plans to visit while they remain in Queens for the time, though they may move to Chicago if it ends up being a long term base of ops. HK also helps Test research the strange events occurring to him, and finds out that he is being targeted by something called “The Dox” and that he needs to return to a Null Node and skim it again and admit to “being pwned” in order to clear it up, which Test refuses to do. He changes his ID again with the help of Sierra Corp, and they get some more leads to dig into this further in Chicago. They aren’t sure if this is the Null Sect or not so it seems worrying. Test figures he can talk to GC from anywhere, so he’s ready to go.

Avocado considers calling some contacts and decides against it, not having very good loyalty. Aylin also doesn’t really have anyone to get in touch with here, and instead makes plans to get ahold of Red once they get to Chicago. Kinnie restocks some gear, and Test, Carol and 6Cyl get some surgical upgrades from Gogni Warznyeck in Terminal, seeing that it once again mostly looks nano-fabbed. 6 Cyl recognizes some rEVOlution Arms gear lying around too, similar to what the Zhigul Makers had imported. They start debating how to parcel out the pay data and make some money and contacts.

Test writes up the history of the coimediai and posts it to Jackpoint under Kinnie’s sponsorship, gaining admission for himself. The rest of the team decides to sell/trade the group info elsewhere instead of aiming for JP membership. They sell the info about Horrors and big magical threats to Arleesh, and decide to ask for Tarot cards plus some money. They get the last 5 they hadn’t seen, revealing a baseball/Chicago-related puzzle that Kinnie fixates on, so now they need to track down the 2 missing 5’s again. They sell a bunch of info about Corps at Court and how to behave there/threats/etc to Ares, who hasn’t made much progress in gaining a foothold there.

Instead of taking cash for this they decide via a close vote to get credit for a future AreSpace flight to the moon, to continue their investigations for Al’Farabi and Eclipse. They also get some decent armored spacesuits included as rentals. Carol also reports in to his dad/brother at Ares Arms and gives them a ton of Taco Temple, Carcean, Horrors, and Tarot info, none of which is Ares’ area of specialty. The team then decides to sell them a little more Tarot info as well. Ares is interested in this stuff and pays Carol out a little bit to help him get established in Chicago, and says they’ll likely have some work for him.

With all their NYC biz settled they call the commcode that Kami Aneki provided and get ahold of an ostentatiously “sexy” elf, Sarah Silverleaf, who tells them to come interview for a job in Chicago. She secures them space on a Renraku cargo flight so they can bring their gear without dealing with smugglers. They rent a van and round everybody up and head out to the airport, where they meet the plane and load up. The pilots provide them some exterior views from sensors on their screens while they fly over the interior. They see a lot of depopulated rural space and towns, with massive drone fleets and combine harvesters managing fenced and guarded farm complexes, policed by private security. Carol tells the team this is because of New Revolution attacks, supposedly based out of St Louis, and backed by Ghostwalker, or the CAS, or someone else depending which conspiracy you believe (he knows Ares sells to all sides but keeps that quiet).

They are nearing Chicago when they are targeted and hit by a missile, and lose 1 wing. The plane starts spinning wildly and going down, but Kinnie manages to stabilize it (upside down) by grabbing his grav gun and doing some engineering mental math. Carol spots the truck, which seems to be a New Rev technical. He scrambles over and grabs his sniper rifle while Hotkey starts manipulating some plane systems to get the cargo door down. Test sends a sprite after the launcher and interferes for long enough for Carol to core the engine block on the truck. The pilots report that they’re still going down and tell everyone to brace.

They spot more technicals racing in via their dust plumes, and starting to lick off shots with their bed mounted machine guns, so most of the team decides to parachute out of the open cargo door and take their chances, while Aylin escapes in mist form, channeling any damage 6C takes to herself, and 6C and Avo brace and ride it out in the plane. Kinnie and Carol land well with the chutes, but HK has a lot of trouble, opening too late and then getting his chute holed by gunfire- Test barely manages to crash into him and prevent a catastrophic plummet, but they both take some damage. The plane crashes pretty dramatically, with 6C’s bike flying out and being destroyed in the process, but avo and 6C are mostly fine (the pilots not so much, what with it being upside down and nose in…)

The team prepares to fend off the attack amidst the extended crash site! Carol takes up a sniper position and makes some amazing shots, taking out one gunner and wounding another. 6 Cyl manages to conjure a spirit and make himself able to run as fast as the trucks and takes out another gunner while Test and HK manage to get untangled and fuck up the New Rev comms/IFF system. Kinnie is ko’ed by machine gun fire, and Avo and Carol are injured, but the team survives as the NR retreats. However, the plane explodes, taking some of their gear with it, and they don’t have a ride. Aylin finally reaches ground in mist form. Carol calls in an Ares favor, and gets a ride on an an auto-hauler on the nearby I-80. They get dropped off on the southside of the sprawl, and make their way to ATF to restock on gear and ammo.

Fauth-Doshgoi Here We Come
12/16/2020, 2:58:11 PM
Runners
Kinnie Zest
Hotkey
Avocado
Test
Aylin
6 Cylinder
Carol Turpentine

The team returns to Gwyn with their list of demands/requests for payment for the jail break. Gwyn bascially agrees and they receive various payments: Avocado gets a Blood Charm to store edge, Aylin gets help for her mom + protection + some Tarot, Hotkey gets money to clear his debts, Test gets the final secrets of the Coimediai and the ritual ties to the Jewel of Memory, 6 Cyl gets cash, Kinnie gets info on Richard Villiers’ safehouse to seek revenge for Boston, Carol gets some tips of continuing the Taco Temple investigation. They also buy a bunch of gear for the Fauth-Doshgoi raid. Gwyn tells them to make sure to have a distraction which will keep Alachia from visiting FD that day, so they head to the dungeons to ask Harlequin for ideas. 6 Cyl stays behind to rest from some massive drain damage.

Cadgris is very disappointed that 6C is absent, but provided with a letter and promised a future visit agrees to let the team visit Harly. They head in and he coaxes the Ashen Mirror deets out of them, but seems to have his own plan for the Ebon Queen which doesn’t mesh with Gwyn’s. But he agrees to create an appropriate distraction and jumps into the toilet void, seemingly having planned his escape ahead of time. Cadgris is PISSED at the team’s involvement/presence during his disappearance, and says she will give them the night but will have to present their involvement at the next Morning’s Hearing.

The team gets quickly dressed for the Eclipse Ball, and heads to Hakari Marama, where they socialize and try not to drop any hints that they will be leaving. Hotkey arranges to continue working with Eclipse whenever he is back on Earth, specifically Al’Farabi’s exploration of strange mana sightings on Earth’s moon. They rest up in their suites and leave a goodbye note for Eclipse, and head out early the next morning, before the day’s Hearing, meeting Gwyn in disguise outside the Castle. Also along are Aylin’s mom and Chloe Glowworm, who Gwyn seems to have blackmailed into assisting. They head out through Broceliande through some linked Passage Graves that Gwyn seems to know well.

Emerging back into the Astral Sea, they find their equipment and appearances returning to their usual paradigm. They swing by Celephais without issue and drop off Chloe and Aylin’s mom with Gwyn’s contacts. Gwyn says she will be delivered back to Aylin once it is safe to do so. They head further along, and all drink a vial of Aylin’s mom’s blood that Gwyn mixes with some reagents. He says this will help them penetrate FD’s border defenses. They approach a misty crystal mountain, and are all briefly overwhelmed by sadness and despair. Most of the them shake it off, but Test is badly effected.

They begin scaling the narrow crystal stairs to the plateau top, and come across a bunch of moaning severed heads on spikes and hanging from gnarled trees. As they beg for the freedom of death, Avocado begins punching all of them to bits, setting off an alarm. They get into a battle with two powerful shadow spirits, and defeat them, but get bogged down into a debate about whether to smash all the heads for a bit. After reaching the top of the stairs, they come under fire from a large group of mages inside a sphere of shadow. They manage to take them all out, but almost lose 2 of the team in the process. They quickly patch up and slam some potions before continuing.

They fight some Unbreakable shedim guards (using bodies minus the heads they previously encountered), and have to destroy the bodies completely to keep them from regenerating. They then find the cells themsevles, and free Aina Dupree, the Ebon Queen, who insists they also rescue the other prisoners, a point of debate within the team. They free the lesser dragon/Horrorstalker Kulkulkan, in human form, as well as Anne Lyne, the former DF head in Boston who Kinnie and Aylin helped trap using a false Tarot set on behalf of Valeria, the Nadja Fixer, and also Dr. Dyna Mite, the missing head of the Gateway Project from Boston. Meanwhile, Gwyn fights the Shadow Got, which has finally arrived (and appears to be winning), and 6 Cyl and some others on the team duel with some higher powered Tan Robes who have arrived.

6C is almost killed twice, but Aylin uses her magical and vampiric abilities to absorb his damage and then regen it. They defeat the Tan Robes, and Kinnie figures out how to use the Awakened World card using Niall’s instructions to open a portal. Gwyn, losing the fight vs the Got, communes mentally with Aina and throws his Tarot card to Aylin, as per the deal, before opening a Void Door, which consumes him, the Got, and Fauth-Doshgoi itself as the team frantically flees through the portal. They emerge in the idyllic TNN countryside and find Dan the Fomorain waiting for them with snacks and a roaring fire in his cottage.

They put up warning signs around the portal, which now opens directly onto the Void that FD has become, and will last for a year and a day, according to Aina. Lyne recognizes the team that trapped her, finally, and storms off in a huff after they refuse to ID their hirer. Kulkulkan also leaves, but gives them his contact if they wish to collab in future against dark forces, or need help in Aztlan. Dyna Mite trades them a bunch of info and offers future astral travel help in exchange for a ride back to the UCAS, and they debrief extensively with Aina, who has a uniquely similar past to the situation that Aylin and 6C are in.

They learn a lot about the 4th World, Tarot, and Horrors, and Aina offers future assistance, but says she must return quickly to the Fey Realms in order to take charge of the Guide role for the Unseelie. The team also hears what happened at Court from “Frosty” Jane Foster, who shows up to confer with Aina, and recognizes Kinnie from Jackpoint. Apparently Harlequin escaped through the Country of Kaol, where he fought a monster in a bizarre pyramid and also defeated a slaver crew from the plane of Id, who are perhaps the buyers for the prisoners Zeha Cadgris sells. Jane met him there and accompanied him back to Broceliande, where they also tracked down his dark shadow, Gwynplaine, who has been murdering and selling slumbering fey (to/for someone?), and used Gwyn and Harly’s rivalry as a massive distraction to the Morning Hearing. Alachia intervened, violently, and both have been banished, perhaps permanently, from the Court.

Aina seems saddened to have to further postpone her reunion with Harly, and gives Jane a message to pass to him, encouraging him to seek help reintegrating GP into him to stop his rampaging. Jane leaves, and the team finally rests and heals. The next day, Aina is gone, and Dan takes them via cart to the coast, where an Irish expat smuggler is waiting with a zodiac to take them out of the magical borders of Tir na nOg to the shipping lanes and get them on a cargo hauler to NYC. He uses some alchemical devices to obscure them as they boat through dense fog, but Hotkey is almost lured off the boat by what he thinks are his families shouts and cries. They restrain him and reach the cargo ship. Some Albanians smuggle them aboard, exchanging some mysterious cargo to the smuggler. They are locked into an isotainer with survival supplies, and spend 3 days in there before arriving at port.

They get let out, and sneak out of the port facility, catching up on about a week’s worth of lost time and messages etc. They find out the Towers was job was done without them, by a different team, with multiple arrests and casualties. They prepare to collect their few belongings in town, make contact with anyone they need to, and head to Chicago, where they have some job offers. Test also finds out he is even more fucked, reputationally, than he thought…. better figure that out!

Dives and Eclipses
12/8/2020, 12:24:09 PM
Runners
Kinnie Zest
Hotkey
Avocado
Test
Aylin
6 Cylinder
Carol Turpentine

The team heads to the Morning Hearing and is contacted by Kendra dos Santos, Arleesh’s voice, about potential collabs. She proffers a Tarot card in good faith, and implies that Arleesh has teamed up with Schwartzkopf to work together against risks to metahumanity, and could use the team’s assistance. Ashokasundarai Rai asks for info to help her close her investigation into the Nightwatch Phantom. There was also another mysterious death involving an item called the Circle Sword. The Children of the Dragon show up looking for info on Ghostwalker’s origins, and get a few days approval to do research and seek assistance, but dragons seem to be ill thought of in general here. And Jonny Silver is announced to be the target of the Wild Hunt for a year and a day for his disruptive Faithe Faillan performance.

The team begins prepping for the Geocache raid, and spots some Hermit members keeping an eye on them. Test compiles a massive sprite, and shunts the damage to Aylin, who regenerates it quickly. Test remains in Geocache with 6 Cyl and Carol guarding to keep the sprite registered, and the rest of the team gets some cyber and gear upgrades from the Zhigul makers to use the next day. They rest up again and Test gets his mind read by Nuada the Dreamer, the slumbering ancient head of Hermit faction. He seems to get, essentially, everything while giving Test a weird dream. Carol decides to try to make peace, and reaches out- Nuada contacts him and they make a deal that the team will leave Hermit alone, damage another Earth faction on their mission, and then leave the Court soon.

The rest of the team heads to the Morning Hearing again, and Xoc announces another faction, revealing another Tarot card: Karma. The team has a feeling this reveal was rushed by something, possibly their having been mind-probed, but Avocado is unsure how. They also see a presentation of further Tarot cards, which strangely vanish out of his hands. The Executioner petitions for more capital crimes and is denied. Eclipse faction petitions for some special dispensations given the Dawnseeker’s Arch showing a rare eclipse today. They plan to host a ball that evening at Hakari Marama, and the team will be expected to attend as affiliates. There are also rumors of strange green vines appearing near Void Doors and elsewhere in rarely traveled areas of the astral sea. The team is worried about a Null connection…

Aylin checks on her mom, all good so far, and they all meet up in Geocache. The raid goes amazingly well, with Test, Hotkey and the sprite changing off taking lead while Kinnie supports using his newly installed skillwires. Avocado gives leadership where possible, and Aylin soaks Tests’ damage. They place an anchor in the easier to access Fuchi/NN structure, and then hack into the AZT temple, and make another anchor. They figure out the paradigm, and manage to retrieve the Ashen Mirror just as the system notices them. They get out, sacrificing the sprite to hold off the pursuers, and exit through the connected anchors, barely escaping the NN node before that also turns on them. Kinnie’s first time in the Foundation! Wild. The team also finds the 3 Tarot cards from the Morning Hearing in their pockets when they exit the Foundation. They return to their suite and look into the Mirror. They spot the Ebon Queen, imprisoned on the blood/shadow crossing plane of Fauth-Doshgoi by none other than Alachia.

They debate who to contact about the Mirror and decide to go with Old Crow. They meet again in the Labyrinth, and also find Niall O’Connor and “Lord” Gwyn in attendance. Niall makes a deal to trade help for Aylin’s mom, a settling of the team’s debts, and a Tarot card to use for transit back to the material plane for the Mirror, and then leaves, after giving them some tips for using the card. Old Crow intro’s Gwyn, and he explains that he is the Eiolai or Guide of the Unseelie Court, and is dying. Having read the Tarot he knows that the Ebon Queen, who he ID’s as Aina Dupree (explaining a lot re: Harlequin), is to be his successor, but he needs the team’s help in rescuing her. He will be going along, and he and OC suggest talking to Harly about potential distractions for Alachia for when they plan their prison break, and aim to go soon to prevent Alachia getting tipped (given the Hermit mind-reading, etc). They also suggest using vials of Aylin’s mom’s blood to try to bypass or confuse some of the security systems of the prison, since her mom was residing on the plane before coming to the Seelie Court.

The team pushes for a big payday, and Gwyn agrees- he offers knowledge, contacts, power, artifacts, money, whatever. They retreat to their suite to discuss terms, but are told time is of the essence and also have to attend the Eclipse Ball that evening.

The Weirdest First Date
12/3/2020, 5:10:44 PM
Runners
Kinnie Zest
Hotkey
Avocado
Test
Aylin
6 Cylinder
Carol Turpentine

The team wakes up and heads to the Morning Hearing. The Aleph Society shows up, looking for Shadow plane texts and offering to help keep an eye out for future issues such as the Blood Shade. Higher Power sponsors and they’re approved. Some Ejerians petition for sanctuary while they seek a new homeplane and are temporarily granted it on the Queen’s mercy. The Court Historian warns of another secret faction, Vigilante, and rumors around the Court spread about their plan for something called “The Vigilance” which the team takes as some sort of reckoning centuries in the making.

The team heads to a lunch meeting with Aneki to debrief, and give him all of the Blood mom info, and he offers them further work on the material plane, satisfied with their performance. He tells them they shouldn’t associate further here for the time being, to avoid attracting suspicion. Some of the rest of the team runs more Taco Temple tests with Glasseater and confirms that HMHVV infection seems incompatible with retaining the strange reagent traces from Carcean. GE wants more info still. The team tries to find ways to High Priestess’ secret mountain chapel, but doesn’t make much headway and eventually just goes to talk to Xoc directly.

They have a fruitful exchange of info, with Test learning a lot more about coimeadiai creation, and who knows how to do the ritual, and the rest of the team getting a lot of 4th World and Horror info. They agree to do a job for her and head to the dungeons. 6 Cyl finally gets to have a weird torture date with Zeha, and she agrees to let them see Sacre Floot, who she is apparently holding onto for Hermit, though she doesn’t seem especially loyal to that faction. Floot agrees to let them read her mind and then wipe her memory with a massively over-powered Laes concoction that 6 Cyl brews up based on Thisbe Sorrel’s description.

Aylin finds most of the info they’re seeking- the Ashen Mirror was taken by Floot and hidden in the AZT temple in Geocache, where as far as she knows it still remains. They don’t find her motives but she seems relatively hopeless and also allows Aylin to mostly drain her to blunt the traumatic effects of the mind reading and erasure potion. They start prepping for an epic Foundation raid on Geocache- their most challenging hack yet! They are also warned off further fucking with Hermit, as they apparently have the ability to projects dreams (amongst other powers).

The team makes plans and preps for an epic Foundation dive for the next day, and heads to their Suite to sleep.

New Horizons
11/23/2020, 2:47:45 PM
Runners
Kinnie Zest
Hotkey
Avocado
Test
Aylin
6 Cylinder
Carol Turpentine

The team wakes up ready for Morning Hearing, and drugs Aylin’s mom again to keep her chill during. They see scenes from last night’s Ball displayed on the Great Hall’s shifting tapestries. They also overhear gossip that Hermit has stabilized Aesha Viltharion, the young nighttime explorer and Executioner’s niece, due to Castle alchemists being thus far unable to cure her poisoning. Woops. The Executioner himself leaps up and butts in line to petition the Court to ban Earthlings as they are obviously unsafe, given their poisoned food- he publicly aligns himself with Hermit’s goals, and also requests all the Tarot cards in the Taco Temple set. This seems to go over poorly, and Avocado sees his chance.

He butts in next, and present the Bracelet of Whispers to the Queen, mocking Viltharion for his outburst while doing so. The Queen seems amused, and suggests that all Earthlings should learn this level of appropriate decorum. Eclipse seems pleased. The hearings continue, with a man pleading for help finding his missing wife, Tzuri Group archaeologists finding Higher Power sponsors for their proposed dig in the Wilds. And Gary Cline, the CEO of Horizon, petitions for a joint plane travel agency, he seems to be playing up his Cali Bro vibes, which some at the Court love and some hate. He makes some sort of bargain with the Queen for provisional approval for a year and a day.

Test messages Cline and requests a meeting, not expecting him to show. Aylin messages Chloe Glowworm, of Magician, to help with her mom. And the rest of the team lines up meetings with Xoc and Glasseater. Glowworm takes over magical care of Aylin’s mom, helping to soothe her (she seems to recall everything), and suggests seeking a skilled dream mage to help her process. Test and Hotkey also verify that a UV node could potentially work for that too, with an AI or dedicated therapist. Test actually meets with Cline, who tells him that orks have to stick together. They head to the Hall of Whispers, which seems like a good meet spot, and Cline and Test share some info. Test isn’t super impressed by him but recognizes a potentially useful and/or dangerous connection.

The rest of the team meets with Xoc, and trades more info. She seems cautious an well-informed, but interested in future collabs. They decide to confer amongst themselves but likely ally- she seems to have a lot of Tarot and other knowledge, and has managed to operate in secret for a while at Court. They head to Glasseater’s lab and get some Taco Temple tests run- they all have the trace elements from Carcean except for Aylin, and Glasseater confirms that HMHVV infection appears to clear it from the system- strange. Glasseater requests future collabs should they find anything else weird. The team then heads to some libraries to start looking for the Ashen Mirror for Harlequin.

They find info on the Chapels of the Castle, and search them to no avail. They decide that High Priestess’ hidden mountain Chapel or the AZT temple in Geocache seem likeliest next options.

Dances with Blood Shades
11/16/2020, 6:21:23 PM
Runners
Kinnie Zest
Hotkey
Avocado
Test
Aylin
6 Cylinder
Carol Turpentine

The team, as well as the other courtiers, are surprised by Lady Brane Deigh’s announcement that there will be only 1 petition today- from another new faction for official recognition, the “High Priestess”. They also announce the existence of another mysterious cult faction called “Threshold”, who wear two-tone robes, though not much else is known (or announced, anyway). The session is quickly called, and the team is surprised to find Aleiron seemingly working with HP, and she passes them an invite to the evening’s Greylight Gathering- it seems their next encounter with Aylin’s mom is on track. Lady Xoc, head of the HP faction, will be making her social debut there.

Aleiron also gives them some Tarot cards, as a show of good faith. They head out and find a delivery from Zhigul Makers- some comms from the real world, as well as the Taco Temple they ordered, in order to poison. Test gets confirmation from the IOND of “job well done”, and he gets approved for provisional membership, though they tell him he will have to clear up some kind of confusion around him online with his references- he fears the Dox may be coming after him. HK hears from his family, and is stoked to report to the team that not much time has passed on the Material Plane.

They poison the food, and 6 Cyl forges a note to redirect blame to AZT if anyone looks into it. They leave it near the servant’s quarters where they hope it will be found and delivered to Viltharion. Some of the team heads to the libraries to do some more research, looking into the Dungeonkeeper and TT. Test meets with Rooster, and trades him some info about himself (what people are saying about him on JP) and agrees to deliver a reply, in exchange for an explanation of the coimediai, which Rooster thoroughly provides.

6 Cyl gets pulled off of their Dungeon planning to help Court alchemists try to find an antidote: the Executioner’s niece has been poisoned! 6 Cyl plays it cool and doesn’t let it slip that the team is the one who did the poison. Strangely, there is also another odd substance ID’ed by Glasseater as a non-digestible fragment from the toxic plane of Carcean, which they body wouldn’t either digest or pass, though it is far too small a quantity to be harmful. 6 Cyl conceals his interest as best he can, and returns to the team after they make the best antidote they can.

They head into the Dungeon again, and cut a deal with Cadgris. They fill her in on the details of how ultraviolet nodes and BTL’s can be used as torture/interrogation techniques, and give her a heads up that the Geocache has a similar quality to it. She is excited and agrees to give them a short time with the 2 prisoners they requested- one AZT soldier (cleverly ID’ed by Carol), and Harlequin (requested as a longshot by Avocado). 6 Cyl and Cadgris continue their flirtation, making the team somewhat uncomfortable due to it’s violent nature.

They question the AZT guy first, smuggling Aylin in in mist form, who successfully mind reads him and finds that he was part of an AZT black ops team that was investigating global power sites, with a seeming focus on volcanoes. They encountered a secret Sioux Nation facility under Yellowstone, guarded by some powerful shamans, and engaged in a firefight in which the other team members were killed and he was sucked through a rift, and imprisoned in the Court. This seems to have been right around the same time that the rift opened (and the last big runner crew came through the Court, also). They send this info off to Aneki hoping it will be enough, in concert with the TT poisoning, to get the payday they need by tonight.

Aylin mists back into the briefcase and they go have a dangerously informative chat with Harlequin. He recruits them into seeking the Ebon Queen on his behalf, and tells them to seek the Ashen Mirror in a temple somewhere in the Castle. 6 Cyl asks one more question and unleashes a whole problem- Harlequin is horrified to hear about 6C and Aylin’s new mentor, their travels through Kadath, and the 9 Gates being opened. He tells them this is very bad as it means the coming of the Scourge is accelerating. Properly spooked, they head out and begin dressing for the night’s Ball, figuring they best deal with the immediate problem of Blood Mom before stressing about next steps.

Aneki delivers, seemingly satisfied, and Test decides to disguise himself as a mockery of Hermit’s petition to defend the slumbering fey, to continue his insult comic vibe. This will allow him to bring in Aylin’s dad in the bio-pod he was delivered in as part of the costume. Everyone else dresses pretty well, mostly fairly subtly or minimally to avoid attention where possible. 6Cyl and Aylin get the ritual details from Thisbe Sorrel and link back up with the team as they head to the Ball.

They arrive and are ushered to the 2nd least desirable tier of the Hall of Night by the host, a dark elf named Sylana. Test manages to make a noticeable negative impact on Hermit and other isolationists. They watch as Lady Xoc and other higher members of High Priestess are introduced, and the HP members begin circulating. Aleiron approaches the team and explodes in a cloud of blood, as Aylin’s mom emerges. She says she thought it was time for her debut as well as Courtiers flee that tier and the Queen’s Guard seal off the stairs. The team initiates their trap, with some opening the biodpod and Aylin conning her mom to get her to attack her dad.

Aylin’s mom, vengeful, falls for it, but not before making 6Cyl shoot Carol in the neck, nearly killing him. Aylin’s mom kills Aylin’s dad, as Aylin opens the Blood Box, pulling the shade (along with Aylin’s dad) into it, leaving only the mortal part of her mother behind. They barely manage to slam the box shut as Avocado is ko’ed and others injured by the energies within. Thisbe Sorrel arrives and takes custody of the box, saying she will destroy it. Purlie Tallow also blags his way up, wanting to take a look as a conouisser of blood. The Ball ends early, though the Queen never acknowledges what occurred, publicly. The team heads back to quarters after ko-ing her mom, who is in a deep panic/trauma response. They plan to seek therapy or magical help for her on the morrow.

On their way out, they are approached by Sister Verda of HP, who requests they visit Lady Xoc the next day to make up for their faction’s infiltration by such a dangerous entity, and also as they believe they may have common cause. The team agrees and calls it a night, relieved to finally be free of this one threat, at least.

An Obelisk Arrives
11/2/2020, 11:07:19 AM
Runners
Kinnie Zest
Hotkey
Avocado
Test
Aylin
6 Cylinder
Carol Turpentine

The team wakes and heads to the Morning Hearing, and is surprised to find everyone not abuzz about the murder, but instead about the large Tourmaline obelisk hanging from somewhere above the canopy ceiling down into the Hall. There is an alphabet interface below that Courtiers are using to question it, and it seems the speculation is that this an arrival from the Shadow faction. The most shocking assertion is when the Obelisk asserts that most Shadow members came from Dragon, Death and Hanged Man factions. This leads to much speculation and recrimination, and hints that some sort of quiet purge may be beginning behind the scenes. Shortly thereafter, the Queen and retinue enters, and commands everyone to ignore the Obelisk during the hearing.

Catondarez announces the murder and asserts that Eclipse has determined that the meaning of the symbols is to not try to reveal the secrets of the Labyrinth, without blaming the minotaurs for the death. A rep for the UTA gets approval, sponsored by Magician, to arrange for reagent trades, and a few other Court concerns are addressed before the Queen calls it a day, as everyone is pretty distracted by the Obelisk. The team arranges some meetings for the rest of the day with Glasseater the Alchemist, Secundus the Magician, and Kestia Darkbane, and then plans to check in after and see what’s what.

Glasseater provides some potions to help the team stabilize their relative time experience here, and gives them some more info about the previous team here, some Fey history, some 4th World History, and some potential allies on Earth. He also wants a look at any odd texts, artifacts, or labs they encounter. They also do some research on how to sabotage both AZT and Taco Temple here, and find some interesting leads. Some of them split off to the libraries and find out a lot about 4th World history of both Earth and Seelie, as well as some of the story of the Unseelie and the Sundering.

When they meet with Secundus, Aylin and 6 Cyl drink another potion to help with their initiations, and also give her a lot of details about what they can remember about their missing time: something about “Dis”, which greatly interests Secundus, who asks them to give her anything else they remember and any encounters they have with something called the “Desolation Codex”, amongst other arcane oddities. They agree and head to their next meeting, having a very adversarial encounter with Kestia Darkbane. She seems to love hunting and killing the infected, and collecting their artifacts, which she tosses about her mansion casually.

Aylin makes a tentative deal to betray a significant number of “her kind” in exchange for the Cloak of Hawin, but they all dislike her enough that they plan to try to just steal it, or kill her and take a bunch of her stuff. She doesn’t seem unaware of this, and also hints that they shouldn’t wait too long to turn in other infected, as Aylin has now come to her attention and she’ll come for her sometime, sooner or later. The team heads on another night-time jaunt after meeting up and conferring at their suite. Tivta gives some tips and advice, and some of the team heads to the exterior again to seek Aleiron, but instead encounter Ashokasundari Rai, the investigator, who is looking into the murder.

They share info, and clear up another matter for Eclipse, while also explaining some things for Rai. They also get some warnings about some other risks in the Castle. They go looking for Aleiron, but only find the mysterious silent Knight. He makes a warding motion at their weapons, and they peacefully sit around his fire all night, which passes surprisingly quickly, and hear the bells for the Morning Hearing before long. Some team members also spot a child who bears a striking resemblance to the Executioner exploring the Castle, seemingly in possession of a chunk of the Cornerstone.

The other chunk of the team heads to the Dungeons to try to start looking into the AZT-connected prisoner there. Test mouths off and gets chucked in a cell for the night. 6 Cyl falls for Zeha Cadgris the dungeonkeeper a bit, appreciating her casual brutality. They feel it out a bit but don’t make a ton of progress and plan to return the next day with a better plan. Test gets some info over the evening though- there is another domain connected to this one, through the toilets and possibly other portals, which is some sort of dark pyramid structure with an unknown threat inside.

He emerges in the morning to find Tivta waiting to escort him to the Morning Hearing, where he meets up with the rest of the team.

Blood Shades, Beware!
10/26/2020, 8:05:00 PM
Runners
Kinnie Zest
Hotkey
Avocado
Test
Aylin
6 Cylinder
Carol Turpentine

After the terrifying events of the previous evening, the team decides to only ever split into 2 groups at most. Kinnine, HK, and 6 Cyl stay in the suite to fix up arms and armor, while the rest head to the morning hearing. The big news of the day is the conclusion of the trial of Duke Flowerpot- he was found not guilty of the murder, but was judged guilty of a lesser charge, and as penance is announced as the new Court Jester. Garbh Filiochta is elevated to one of the Queen’s Courtesans, out of that role. Flowerpot doesn’t seem thrilled, but even less thrilled is the Royal Executioner Donal Viltharion, who longingly strokes his axe blade, and who originally levelled the accusation. Carol tells the team that Viltharion is fixated on trying every item on the Taco Temple menu.

In bigger, more scandalous news, as part of the trial the Shadow Faction is acknowledged to exist, which elevates Chambray Cliff, who had been warning of them for some time. The team also notes many Courtiers copying Avo’s style invention from the day previous, and hear gossip about a gory scene discovered outside the Labyrinth (woops). Tivta gets some hints of what happened, but not the full story, and Carol sends Serania, his patron, a barebones version of the info- she tells him to stick with the team and help in their investigation, for now. The rest of the team cancels or delays their afternoon plans to focus on the 2 they deem most important: meeting with Thisbe to try to get some blood magic protection, and getting a meeting with Kami Aneki to make peace with Renraku and see if they can be of any help (since they have both the Blood Box artifact and Aylin’s dad in their possession). The Hearing concludes, and they disperse.

Avo, Aylin and 6 Cyl head to Thisbe Sorrel’s and are ushered in by Edselia and find Walks Through Tall Grass overseeing a small child in the foyer, who bears a striking resemblance to Armando Salazar. The child is playing with a set of blocks that seem to be rearranging the manor around the foyer. 6 Cyl gives them a comic book, which WTTG grabs and says he’ll save for tomorrow. They enter the study and find Thisbe waiting for them in an open robe, having seemingly just emerged from a literal blood bath and daubed in various strange symbols. She is obviously no longer pregnant, which Aylin finds odd.

She offers them 2 options: ward their suite powerfully, or ward them all individually more weakly. They go for the individual option, to keep Aylin’s mom’s sight off of them while they are out and about. 6 Cyl agrees to return and trade info about his and Aylin’s travels for forbidden knowledge, but is told he needs to learn an ancient language called Theran first. He plans to spend some time in the libraries soon. They head out to link up with the rest of the team and ward them as well. Meanwhile, the others have a lunch meeting with Kami Aneki (he doesn’t eat), and get into how to make peace with Renraku.

Test gives some assurances that GC won’t be a problem for Renraku going forward, which Aneki seems to believe (for now), and they move onto Blood Shade problems. Aneki gives them 2 options of potential assistance, both with catches. They meet with the others, get warded, and debate which option to take: help Renraku trap Aylin’s mom, and Renraku keeps her, and Aylin gets her (mind-wiped) dad back, or the team does some jobs for Renraku at Court, and gets the box and dad back, and only has to give Renraku the data about what happens. Kinnie also rejoins, after spending the afternoon crafting with the Zhigul Makers, and tells 6 Cyl they have some access to exotic materials now. He also saw a huge, well-stocked vault and some dwarves far older than any he’s seen before.

Kinnie and 6 Cyl head back to the ZM vault to do some crafting, and 6 Cyl ID’s it as likely being a Kaer- a tool for surviving the Scourge at the end of the 4th World. The rest of the team heads back to Aneki’s office for tea, and makes the deal to do local work for Renraku and get the box and dad back, planning to use both to try to free/save Aylin’s mom. Aneki tells them they need to sabotage the Court efforts of both AZT and Taco Temple, and gives the team some ideas of where to start. The team also sends some data to Serania (Carol’s patron) to request full sponsorship from Eclipse, and gets approved, which also removes all the Peace Bonds from their weapons.

They split into 2 groups again, Test and Hotkey head to Geocache to attempt to send out the IOND data, with Tivta and Carol watching their backs. Hotkey gets distracted on the way and they stumble onto a revel at Hakari Marama, where they converse with the Court Astronomer Al’Farabi about potential mana sightings on Earth’s moon, and plan to potentially work together in future. They resist the party and drugs, and get back to the task. They once again enter the Fuchi node, and find a bizarre tea party-esque paradigm. They avoid a trap and spot the true layout, and make their way to the Null Node. Test realizes his powers are quite effective here, though potentially trouble causing if anyone spots him.

They successfully push the data out using a Resonance Channel, but Test once again feels something noticing him. They escape before getting spotted, just barely, and make their way back to the suite. Meanwhile, the rest of the group has been watching Aylin and 6Cyl’s backs while they set up a ritual to foretell the future. They decide to enquire where they will next encounter Aylin’s mom, and 6 Cyl acquires lodge materials from the ZM. They spend quite some time setting up the lodge, and the matrix team returns just as they finish. Everyone takes up defensive positions as the ritualists work.

Aylin powers through and feels she gets an accurate read on the visions. Comparing notes with Carol, she ID’s the location as the Hall of Night, and the event as an upcoming Ball in the cycle. Feeling a bit more prepped now, they decide to go on another night wander to see what adventures unfold. The goal is to get some berries from the Dawnseekers Arch and use them as part of their TT sabotage, so they head that way. Hearing a scream, they look around a bit outside the Castle, and spot a naked elf splayed out in a glade in the Broceliande woods. He is very dead, though not obvious as to how, and has a labyrinth carved into his chest (no blood visible) and a strange bracelet on his wrist.

They see a strange warrior and someone who looks like Aleiron walk up and spot them through the woods and then nod and back off. 6 Cyl takes the bracelet, and after some experimenting, ID’s it as the Bracelet of Whispers, which makes the wearer’s voice barely audible. They head back, get the berries, and return to their suite. They send a note about the body and their speculations about the meaning to Eclipse and head to bed.

Choosing a Sponsor
10/17/2020, 10:37:18 PM
Runners
Kinnie Zest
Hotkey
Avocado
Teeth
Test
Aylin
6 Cylinder
and introducing Carol Turpentine

After Avocado notices a distinct lack of death by poison, they head for the Morning Hearing and begin sending meetings requests about. They receive and a few and get a few accepted. Aylin rejects one from the vampire hunter Kestia Darkbane, who possesses the Cloak of Hawin, and who Aylin revealed her condition to unwittingly. The hearing begins, and the team spots a familiar figure: Armando Salazar, the AZT operative who outbid them on a Tarot card in DC, and who seems to be the head of many of their mystical secret projects. He is here with the Coatepetl faction, which seems to be an AZT front or affiliate. They seem to be aiming for alignment with the more freedom-seeking factions.

After a few other its of Court business, and the team being unable to figure out how to access the balconies in a dignified fashion, Harlequin appears and challenges the Queen to a duel, on behalf of his lady love. The team stands back a bit in the peanut gallery to stay out of the way, as the Queen gestures her champion Serrin Sol to stand down, allowing her advisor Alachia to fight on her behalf. Sol seems annoyed. Alachia wins the very intense duel, severing one of H’s ears, which the Queen says will be an excellent addition to her arcana. H is imprisoned in the dungeons, as agreed in the terms of the duel.

After this excitement, the trial of Duke Flowerpot is again delayed, and the Court disperses to lunch. Test heads straight to the libraries with Hotkey, and discover the 2nd World origins of the Seed and the Prime Passion- they get a few more terms to research further, but seem to have confirmed the connection to a level to satisfy the IOND. Test decides to attempt to pass a message through the Resonance Realms via reverse-engineering the skimming process by accessing another Null Node.

Teeth and Avocado head to a mid-tier luncheon focused on magical prowess, and Avo manages to secure some invites to Banquets for the team for the evening, but Teeth bungles the social end. Aylin heads to the Labyrinth to follow up on the the mysterious note from the day before, and following the hints, meets with the Neo-Anarchist Old Crow, who dispenses with Court customs for a clear discussion but says they can’t meet in public. He needs a team to help with a jailbreak and to investigate the BL’s attempts to gain a foothold at Court. The rest of the team does some Library digging on Factions, and finds out a lot.

6 Cyl and Kinnie head down to Gilik’s for lunch, and find the dwarven crime boss’ spot with humbling entrance, as advertised. After crawling in through the low door, they ascend the levels, and eventually are summoned to a meeting with Gilik himself, who seems excited to have some foreign criminals to use for some various tasks. He removes 6 Cyl’s peace bonds in exchange for a Munera debt, and gives them a task list. The team then splits off to the various teas they’ve arranged. Test remains at the Library, deep in his research.

Aylin meets with Thisbe Sorrel, and sees Salazar leaving as she arrives. Thisbe seems to be rapidly progressing through a pregnancy as they converse, and shares some quite lovely blood that Salazar brought with Aylin. They discuss the issue of Aylin’s mom while Aylin tries to do some subtle digging into what Thisbe is up to, overall (as promised to Tivta, who seems to also have a history here). Thisbe seems to know a lot about most things, and they arrange to meet again soon for a ritual, once Aylin finds a sizable amount of blood.

The rest of the team goes to a tea with Secundus Gabriella di Rosario and her daughters, the leaders of the Magician faction. In exchange for info and light mind-reading about the 9 Gates book from 6 Cyl, Secundus brews a potion to cure Avo’s poison. She also agrees to meet further with 6 Cyl, seemingly excited to find a fellow obsessive alchemist. The team reconvenes and debriefs, before splitting off into solo and group expeditions to all 4 of the Banquets to which they’ve received invitations.

Hotkey attends a Feast of the Fallen, and finds out some Court mysteries and histories, and makes the acquaintance of Lord Serrin Sol. He gets prodded a little bit about what the team’s up to, and gets a not so subtle warning to not hack the Coimediai, but also gets some info on that network. Kinnie goes to an Ember Banquet at Gilik’s, and makes contact with the Zhigul Makers, making a deal to do some craft work for them in exchange for workspace and materials. 6 Cyl heads back to the suite after a library visit focussed on upping his alchemical knowledge after the meeting with Secundus.

Aylin and Test attend a Trickster’s Ball, and makes some connections with some Court agitators, and Test also impresses Rooster by instigating a dance off between Rooster and the Court Jester (on behalf of Alachia, who seemed to be attending aggressively as a comment on her victory in the morning’s duel). Aylin learns a bit about Tarot and other prophesy stuff from a spirit named Portent. Teeth and Avocado attend the Silk Truffles, with Avo accidentally inventing, and then claiming credit for, a new fashion trend- dressing well alongside a poorly dressed companion, to accentuate one’s own fashion. He sells this idea to Riva Dhillon, seemingly a Court influencer. They also make the acquaintance of Ashokasunari Rai, a Court detective under Serrin Sol, who also seems interested in the activities of the Emperor Hak Jin, who the team is meant to investigate for Catondarez.

They meet up afterwards and debrief about all they found out, and decide based on Aylin’s fortune of danger closing in to try to find blood for Lady Thisbe’s ritual. They head to the labyrinth to see if there’s any fresh bodies stacked outside, and find the gristly remains of Teeth! The person who they thought was Teeth bursts open in a blood explosion, revealing Aylin’s mom, Patricia, the Blood Shade. They get in a pretty brutal fight before she sends them all fleeing in fear, but before she can start picking them off, a traveller named Carol Turpentine steps around the corner and blasts her in the back. Wounded, she flees into the Labyrinth with a final taunt to Aylin.

The team gathers up Teeth’s blood as best they can, and delivers it to Thisbe’s daughter Edselia, who was told to expect it. They then head back to the suite, and try to figure out who this Carol person is and if they can trust him. They figure out that they are both sponsored by individuals within the Eclipse faction, but that Carol is better connected, and more adept at crossing to and fro. They agree to work together for the time, since blood shades are notoriously vengeful, and Carol has likely attracted her ire with his actions. They decide not to travel alone any longer, as they assume Teeth must have gotten replaced during one of his many solo jaunts to the libraries.

Court is Back in Session
10/5/2020, 10:57:43 PM
Runners
Kinnie Zest
Hotkey
Avocado
Teeth
Test
Aylin
6 Cylinder

After resting from the fight with the Renraku black bag team, the team decides to hoof it across the great astral sea, bypassing any potential entanglements on their way to the Seelie Court. They successfully avoid some fovae, mana voids, and slavers from ID, but run into a trap set by some maddened rift creatures near the Shattered Lands while cutting around Zecorporatum. They emerge victorious, though some of the team is poisoned. They pause to heal again, are approached by a spirit on muleback (they wonder if the mule is also a spirit). it’s Lys from Boston! He offers to pay off his debt to Guy by guiding them safely to the Seelie Court, saying he needs to visit his friend Aleiron now that he’s caught up with his family for a bit. He seems much happier, though still laconic.

They accept, and he gets them close before they are surrounded by the Wild Hunt. Chalcis, The Great Hunter, seizes their weapons, or peace-bonds them, but agrees to take them in to petition the Court for a longer stay since he saw their fight from a distance and approves of them clearing out dangerous maddened spirits in the wilds. They arrive after a short period of travel, and find themselves just in time for the Morning Hearing. They spend a while admiring the architecture, especially the Dawnseeker’s Arch, before heading in. They converse a bit, and get their request to petition the Queen approved.

They witness some impenetrable Court drama and appeals and then make their case. The Queen seems inclined to let them embark on their investigation, though some courtiers seems opposed. A fey man named Catondarez agrees to sponsor them for 1 day, and then to see where things are at after that. The Queen is then attacked by an assassin who snuck up during this, but the assassin is quickly felled by some sort of entropic field that surrouns the Queen. Aylin and 6 Cyl have some thoughts as to what that might be but aren’t sure- they notice what seems to be a human magical battery and have some weird memories from their time absent of an endless city.

Court is wrapped up as the Queen’s retinue leave the Great Hall, and Hotkey and Test are surprised to see that their does seem to be some kind of resonant field present, though not a matrix as such. Tattooed individuals, some with linked tats, in various nobles and courtiers’ retinues seem to be the main source. Catondarez approaches them and tells them to come with him for a talk. Kinnie also recognizes Old Crow from DC, who spoke with Catondarez briefly. They head for the Everhall and have a lengthy wander while Catondarez answers their initial questions.

He then takes his leave, and tells them to attend the Exile’s Return ball of that evening, and to explore and get lunch til then. They try to find the location of Hawin’s Cloak for Aylin, but end up dead-ended in a noble’s manor wing, so Aylin posts a note, and they grab lunch in the Grand Hall. Aylin decides to look for her mom in the smoky orbs over the fireplaces, and spots here- but her mom sees her back, and looks around the room as if trying to ID where they are. Aylin gets freaked and shuts it down, but her mom looks hungry.

They eat, and get slipped a note with some cryptic images. One of the Queen’s handmaidens, Fogharail ke-Coille approaches and sings a beautiful song for the Hall, and then provides the team a guide, Tivta Farspoken, who seems to have been assigned the duty as a punishment. She answers the teams questions but is quite sarcastic and droll. The team makes a list of things to investigate, and plan the rest of their afternoon around that. Avocado gets a few good hints towards healing his poison.

The bulk of the team begins exploring the Castle’s libraries, trying to get a grasp on what’s going on. Avocado continues learning to read as he’s finding it an extra struggle in the low-tech Court not being able to do so. He finds some talkative busts of deceased Croki scholars that seem quite gossipy but somewhat helpful. Aylin also agrees to take Tivta along to meet Thisbe the next day to discuss blood/mom stuff. They all learn a good bit before they are summoned to the Exile’s Return to try make a good impression with their sponsor. 6 Cyl and Kinnie find out about a bunch of mystical arms and armor, and 6 Cyl also get s a list of valuable “lost texts” as well as rumors of a “Library of Leng”.

Meanwhile, Tivta takes Hotkey and Test to the Castle’s newest room, “Geocache”, which turns out to be a strange wireframe 2050’s matrix-style space. It seems to run off of Resonance, somehow, and looks to have been the focus of NeoNET’s sole Court project- establishing a local mesh which they haven’t had time to expand before their collapse. 6 Cyl leaves some margin notes hinting at his experiences, hoping to attract some useful attention.

They are both very excited to be on a network of any sort again, and are even more excited when they realize they can hack the 8 huge floating icons, seemingly representing the 2050’s Corp Court members. They target the weakest “host” for an off the cuff Foundation dive, and barely make their way through the orchestral paradigm, to find the Null Node and do some skimming. They find a document suggesting that the origins of Resonance lie in something known as “The Seed”, which the unidentified writer compares to the magical origin point referred to as the “Prime Passion.” More research required, but it seems they are approaching an important payday from IOND!

At the feast that evening, they are approached by various beings and entities, who want all sorts of mysterious things (and some more obvious) from the team. A spirit called Rooster, who they’d heard of on Jackpoint, tells them he wants stories and also hints at criminal connections. Kami Aneki, seemingly the surviving spirit of Inazo Aneki, the CEO for Life of Renraku, speaks with the team and subtly warns them that they best have a conversation soon. Tivta makes a good impression on Aylin and they share some Tarot knowledge, and Aylin agrees to bring Tivta a little further in. They meet a Wuxing geomancer named Bjorn Salamatu, who is very interested in the Cornerstone.

Avocado gets some good gossip and info about the alchemists who can help with his poison so he doesn’t go in blind, and the team finds out some of the info about what their sponsor Catondarez might want in trade, as well as what it would take for his faction to provide longer term support. He hints at the goals and interests of his sponsor, and gives them, an initial task to test them before introducing them up the line. He also secures them a luxury Courtsman’s Suite, so everyone will have their own private chamber off a central trio of rooms. They head back there, and find it quite nice, and seemingly detailed by the Castlekeeper to try to match what seems to be either a strange joke or a humorous misunderstanding of what the material plane residents might want in temporary lodging.

After noticing a disturbing painting and removing it, the room feels much better (having heeded warnings about attempts by some at Court to mess with newcomers feng shui), they all get a solid night’s rest and prepare for their second Morning Hearing. Aside from Avocado’s poison, they are finally all healed from the previous few days’ fights.

Kadath and Back Again
9/27/2020, 10:23:21 PM
Runners
Kinnie Zest
Hotkey
Avocado
Teeth
Test
WLOG/Beanie
and the return of Aylin and 6 Cylinder

The team moves from the lower level of Terminal to Nanuli’s safehouse in Jersey City in order to lay low for a while while they craft a plan. They organize a thorough PR campaign/con to make Renraku look good on the aftermath, in order to try to reduce heat on them. They spend a week on it, and then launch it upon re-emerging. It is fairly successful, and they return to Manhattan, though don’t feel safe in Terminal so right the safehouse and gear there off as a loss (including Aylin’s Mom’s bloodbox). They call all the contacts Arthur had made to warn them of potential compromise, and decide to tackle a couple lowkey jobs while they wait for 6 Cyl and Aylin’s return date.

They help discover that MCT is the corp trying to map the Underground and Terminal, trying to regain their MDC seat by pulling some kind of massive security operation. They spread word about this widely, gaining some rep but no pay. They also help the Rat Pack take over the Night Markets, and make them more robust and remote, using a repaired pneumatic tube system that Kinnie has spotted throughout the Underground. Kinnie gets some grav grenades in payment, and the team gets some more rep. Beanie decide to say his goodbyes for now, and heads off of HK’s deck to a Garmonbozia digital safe zone.

The rest of the surviving team spends some time investigating and debating the 3 obvious paths to the metaplanes to retrieve their long-absent friends. 1 is runners that Arthur made contact with, but they worry that Renraku will also know about these, and decide against it (though Kinnie makes some useful JP contacts with those named). They also decide against STV, who offers the quickest/most direct transit, but at the greatest price: an unknown spirit pact. They decide to go with Teeth’s heavily advocated for IOND, who offer to assist the team in reaching their goal in exchange for them performing some work in the Seelie Plane in the aftermath.

They team gears up with the various things they think they might need, and heads to the IOND HQ. They get bused in multiple vehicles out to a rural site, and are told they are at an auspicious crossing of leylines near the astral city of Penn Yan. They dose up on shade and guts, and the ritual begins. Their consciousnesses and bodies are forced into the astral, and they all (barely) manage to catch onto some horrifying train/fire/buffalo combo that seems to be laying and pulling up track as it travels, while screaming. It also seems to consume as fuel any unwary entities or wayward passengers it comes across.

The team gets a quick and strange tor of the astral planes along a winding path. and manages to hop off without injury in the plane of Id. They avoid some local spirit patrols that seems to be capturing and enslaving other spirits, and reach the mountain pass outside of Kadath. They set up a surveillance, and spot 2 gunslingers waiting nearby. After an unknown amount of time, 6Cyl and Aylin do indeed emerge from Kadath, very confused and quite changed in their absence.

The 2 gunslingers challenge 6 Cyl, and he nearly kills the first one before the 2nd nearly kills him. They call it good for duels, and the team makes some new contacts. The 2nd gunner also warns them that a nearby Renraku team will be on them soon, so the team heals 6C and sets up an ambush. They also tell Aylin about her dad’s capture, and she nearly bails before realizing that her and 6C are linked and that the Renraku team might have answers. Aylin baits the trap, and lures the team in. They fall for it, and the team handily defeats them, though taking some hard hits.

Aylin manages to mind probe 1 of them before killing them, and finds out that her dad is alive, but similar to Test in now a test subject with a completely erased memory/personality/past. She finds out he’s been moved to another facility and hopes to rescue him eventually, but the team has Arthur’s leads on next steps in looking into how to save Aylin’s mom, so she has another path to pursue as well. She mourns as best she can in the moment, and the team head out on foot to make the crossing to the Seelie Court, and from there return to Earth post-mission, before more Renraku agents show up.

Test Time
9/7/2020, 1:37:00 PM
Runners
Kinnie Zest
Hotkey
Avocado
Teeth
Test
Arthur Carewell
WLOG/Beanie

The team continues their investigation of Test’s mysterious background and rescue, and it’s crossover with Kinnie’s side job for Plan 9/10. They do some further surveillance of the corp team picking up live bounties from The Pit, and confirm that it’s a Renraku team, ID-ing the guard and driver as internal security contractors, and confirming that a Renraku subsid rents the lower levels of the Midtown former HQ of NeoNET. Avocado and Beanie perfect disguises and impersonations of the guard and driver based on their surveillance footage, and them watches them for a few days to familiarize themselves with schedules and routes. Avocado and Teeth both take a day off to initiate, gaining expanded magical powers. Avocado also founds his own magical society, of which he is currently the sole member.

They check in with Sojourner and are told that the 10 packages they are to bring into the lab are prepped. They tell Sojourner to deliver them into the Pit to the bounty warehouse, and make a plan to meet them there and take over the Renraku truck. They stock up on other gear they feel they might need, and get the rest of the job details. They are to bring the 10 packages into the lab, plug them into a secure offline server in the lowest level and then take them back out again. Test also wants some revenge, so he buys a squirt gun and upgrades it to spray acid. They also buy some explosives, in case they need to blow their way out (as the Axemen rescue team did with Test).

They head into the Pit disguised as bounty hunters, and convince/bribe/intimidate the other bounty hunters hanging around that day to clear out. Avocado then lures the Renraku truck in with a con and commanding voice combo, they bribe the Winter Systems border guards further to allow it. The team has loaded Sojourner’s packages (10 body sized hardcases) onto rolling carts in the warehouse, ready to slide into the Renraku truck. The truck backs smoothly in, and they get ready to KO the guards. Unfortunately, Test gets spotted sneaking up to the vehicle, and the guard on the outside shoots him. They quickly KO that guard, and Beanie starts impersonating him to keep the nearby bounty hunters from getting involved.

The driver starts accelerating out of the building again and drops some flashbangs out of the truck. Test and Hotkey manage to hack the vehicle and shut it down, and then start taking over the drivers’ comm. Luckily they’re in a matrix dead zone so they’re having to hack via mesh but the driver isn’t able to get a signal out. He tries to pull down shades to conceal himself in the cab, but Teeth glues his hand to one of the shades and then starts engulfing him with an earth spirit. Avocado demands he open the door and gets a text response of “please don’t kill me i have children” as the door opens. Teeth doesn’t care, and the earth spirit crushes the guard til he pops, exploding all over the cab of the truck.

They get it backed up into the warehouse, clean it up as best they can (Avocado runs out for some Cleaner Cleaner), and they get everything loaded in. They also load in the one bounty they bought from legit hunters- an unconscious man who isn’t magical. They aren’t able to confirm anything else about him. They plan to free him eventually, but decide it’s easiest to bring him with for now to avoid questions and complications. They cut off the KO’ed guards head- after a long convo about how noone brought a knife, Teeth interjects with “maybe THIS will help!” and draws his monosword, easily performing the decapitation- and glue it under a seat in the cab so they can easily access the implanted comm (the driver’s was destroyed). They prepare to roll out, and hope that Kinnie and Arthur are ready to get picked up, as they need some additional brains for the rest of this mission to hopefully go better…

They do some hacking prep on the truck and guards’ comm, and head out, with Arthur and Kinnie jumping in the back at the last minute. Kinnie has restocked on some of his various scifi weaponry in preparation and Arthur gets a bullwhip. They gain access to the Renraku subsid through the secret entrance Kinnie spotted, and Avocado and Beanie sell their cover ID’s. Unfortunately, Beanie trips a bunch of alarms when he starts a firefight with the guard detail who comes out to grab the deliveries. The team easily takes out the guards and gets the scientists ID, but they struggle to overcome some security features that are auto-activated in the room.

Most of the team takes some damage from some CS gas before Hotkey and Test reopen the exit and close the dispersal vents, and Kinnie has to use a grav grenade to keep a mechanical security shutter from closing off the door to the interior. Beanie swims through the grav field with magic assist from Teeth, and cracks the door lock. They get in a rolling firefight with 8 more sec guards and manage to handle them with decent tactics, but it seems like the guards are fighting a delaying action, retreating as the team closes in. Test mutilates and possibly kills the scientist with acid, in revenge for the tests run on him in this facility. Kinnie is not down with this.

The team finds a first aid and eyewash station, and cleans themselves up of the gas’s effects, takes a minute to patch up, and continues on into the facility. They push further in, and find some creepy holding cells right next to a cafeteria and staff lounge. They come under assault from a Red Samurai detail, and Kinnie quickly goes down. Beanie and Avocado bypass some traps and find another lab area, full of dead test subjects and poison. Beanine gets a little info from a secret note one has. They find another room full of servers with some kind of enormous processing core.

Hotkey retreats towards them, firing at the Red Sams, and is also ko’ed. Teeth, Arthur, and Test fall back towards the entrance, taking out 1 Red Sam, and injuring more, but Arthur and Teeth are both ko’ed. Test escapes in a huge smoke grenade cloud, grabbing the control tablet and bringing the biodrones with him. GC makes contact with him and guides him through some air ducts, along with a Monad named Magnus Jam- the bounty from before, who Test frees on his way back out.

Beanie rigs up a trap for the Red Sams and he and Avocado lure them towards the server room, where they barricade and hole up. 1 more Sam down. but they start blowing through the door. They also put shock/magecuffs on all the downed runners for later interrogation. Test pops out of the ducts behind the Sams, and gets Magnus to go back from fallen teammates. He gets HK and Kinnie, and then starts shooting back at Sam with the laser rifle. They also send up a biodrone with acid sprayer, who douses the Sams before getting annihilated. Avocado tricks one more with his Commanding Voice into getting killed in another trap.

The Sams break through the server door, destroy Beanie’s body completely, and KO Avocado. Beanie finds his consciousness loaded into “Marry Me…”, and finds GC’s avatar, a Paladin on a winged steed, ready to give him a ride- he tells Beanie they need to reach the top of the nearby tower but will have to hurry. They fly up and GC uses some special items to crack the top open. Meanwhile, irl, they send 2 more biodrones with Kinnie’s grav grenades charging towards the surviving Red Sams as they emerge from the room- the resulting mix of 2 grav fields carves out a huge negative space from all the material surrounding it.

Test gets the surviving biodrones up to the lab and hooked in, with Magnus’ help, and sees a potential way out at the bottom- into the underground? Magnus has now gotten Teeth as well but reports more guards incoming- they need to go! In Marry Me, Beanie and GC dive into a strange tunnel at the top of the tower, and find themselves rocketed through the resonant realms along the channel Test has opened. They struggle to hold onto themselves before slamming into… something unfamiliar. IRL, The biodrones all stand up (except 1, which Test has to remote control- hmmm) and everyone drops through the hole.

They find 2 Rat Pack smugglers waiting, one of who EMP’s the whole team (to be safe, as requested, she says), as the other seals the hole above them with foam grenades. They hustle out of there, and get back to the lower levels of Terminal, to the Monad street doc they know there. They get patched up as GC uploads off the bodies onto the matrix, and find that the mysterious 7th body contains Beanie. He asks to move over to HK’s deck for a while, hating the meat body, and does so.

They get an upgraded TacNet as thanks from Beanie, get paid by Sojourner, and get their gear and selves repaired. They are told they best lay low for a while, as Renraku is on the warpath. Apparently “GC” was the controller AI for Grand Central Arcology and transit hub, and chaos ensued when he shut down unexpectedly, resulting in deaths and injuries. Renraku also captured Arthur and presumably knows the teams names, faces, safehouse, etc. They decide to lay low in Jersey with Nanuli again for a while while the heat dies down and plan a con to spin they public story away from them, allowing Renraku to save face in some way and hopefully abandon the pursuit.

They decide to look into the IOND investigation next, as it’s the only job they have in the Outer Burroughs, and they’ve been warned to stay off Manhattan for a bit. HK gets a message to his family and warns them to lay low for a while too. Enkaa agrees. GC tells Test he discovered a bit about Test’s past- he tells him his personality was fully overwritten and erased using CFD nanites in a carefully managed infusion, so whoever he is now is whoever he is going to be. Test and he agree to celebrate it as a fresh start for both of them, as GC says he was only awoken by Test’s connection to the Resonance in the middle of a UV node test that GC was curiously monitoring without his programmers knowledge.

The connection to the strange Kingdom of Velkar in Marry Me has been a lifeline, but now they can play from anywhere :). The team heads to Jersey and hides out, hoping Arthur isn’t getting too brutalized and wondering what they’re gonna tell Aylin. Beanie also announces his plans to retire from the physical world for a time, being short on funds for another fancy body, and work on developing a Shinto-esque cult of AI worship centered on AI-run spaces (such as Grand Central).

Ethical Dilemmas
8/24/2020, 3:38:44 PM
Runners
Kinnie Zest
Hotkey
Avocado
Teeth
Test
Arthur Carewell
WLOG/Beanie

Hotkey decides to sit this one out and chill with his family for a bit. Kinnie is pretty on the fence and agrees to do it only under certain conditions (minimum number of victims, specific targets) vs Avocado and Test’s advocacy for true randomness. They run some plans by STV to make sure they stay within job parameters, and get approval to include the assumed original perpetrator as one of the victims (seemingly his family wants to clear the scandal around their name but isn’t overly attached to the young sociopath).

They find a racist Yankees fan living in a trailer park stack out in Long Island, and break in, narcoject him, and imitate the serial killer’s style as instructed. They almost exfiltrate successfully, but get spotted by some other tenants and chased out. Luckily Test had already hacked their rental car and was spoofing it’s location and records from a fake SIN, so they ditch it and get skimmer smuggled back to Terminal.

For number 2, Beanie impersonates a prison guard who STV gave them a file on, and uniform/badge for. He calls the guard who seems to be being blackmailed, and says he’ll take an second lunch, allowing Beanie to take over for him. He takes the ferry to the secure Roosevelt Island, and his ID and impersonation passes muster, even fooling some other guards easily. He sneaks into the wing where the serial killer is detained in isolation, and is distressed to find it is the CFD ward, newly added on. This may explain why the family doesn’t want him back (and possibly also the killings, if they are a response to the new persona(s), though it’s hard to know).

Beanie overcomes his fears, reminding himself that he’s a unique individual, and heads into the cell. He easily drugs and strangles the young man, but has to stomp his head repeatedly as the nanites return him to life. Worried that he may have been infected, he extracts himself as fast as he can, and calls to warn the team. They seem worried and not overly sympathetic, so he turns to Sojourner instead, who sends a drone with some kind of data chip and nanite cleaner combo, which it tells Beanie to slot and run. Beanie does, and ditches the uniform and ID. Seemingly clear, he buys a nanoscanner to make sure, and tells the team to maybe do the same.

Meanwhile, the rest of the team heads up to Washington Heights to kill the final victim, after some further social media research to find a real piece of shit. They use the same tricks as in Long Island, Test using the same fake SIN and hacks. Avocado poses as a fellow asshole and gets drunk alongside the target at a bar. He lures him back into the rented van, filled with the team posing as fellow passengers in a ride share. They easily kill him and ditch the van.

They report into STV, get paid, and make a new contact in their NYC office. They get a few more job offers from Sully (a heist and a matrix mystery), and do some more digging on Beanie’s next job, which ends up linking up with the job Kinnie has been doing for Plan 9/10 as well as Test’s background. Test is gratified to learn some more facts, and finds that the gang that rescued him was the Axemen, and that they were hired through Paul Jones and had a mysterious offsite matrix support running ops on the job, who the team ID’s as likely being the AI Orior, who some of them had interacted with in DeeCee (and heard that Jonny and others had talked to in Denver and before). So it seems that Garmonbozia wanted Test free for some reason…

Missing in Action
8/10/2020, 4:34:03 PM
Runners
Kinnie Zest
Hotkey
Avocado
Teeth
Test
and introducing: Arthur Carewell and WLOG/Beanie

The team (reduced in number) messages Fargus Sol and then disappears into the NJ safehouse until the 1st. They rest, heal up, and debrief, and do what limited research they can with no matrix access. Teeth tries to read the book twice and injures himself badly, almost dying. They emerge into 2079 seemingly free of pursuit after Nanuli clears them. They pay Nichols to smuggle them back to Terminal, and get back to their safehouse, which happily seems undisturbed. Test splits off to go check on GC at his bolthole while the rest of the team responds to messages.

Test gets the word from GC that they have found a contact through Marry Me who’s willing to trade a run for some intel on getting into The Towers. He makes initial contact and is very awkward but arranges to meet “Beanie” shortly, and gives them team a heads up. He games with GC for hours and then heads back to Terminal. Hotkey heads off to visit his fam in Queens, and his wife Enkaa says she has a job through her contacts at Sierra Corp to take out a toxic shaman named T. Crapper who used to be deniable asset for them (pre-toxic, they say). HK runs it by the team, and they agree- DIMR has a live capture bounty out publically, but Sierra wants him dead before anyone else can grab him.

Meanwhile, the team has gotten paid (well) by Fargus, including a link to some fresh SINs, and pass off the book to Man of Many Names and some other runners who show up to get it to Arleesh’s vault. Fargus confers with them and tells them that the other 2 surviving books likely also contain 3 “true” engravings each, and that 1 is held by the Catholics. The other is lost in a series of runs/losses/acquisitions amongst the mystic orgs of the world- Black Lodge, IOND, Big D stuff, and Atlanteans being the best bets. He says he will pay well if they come across it, or rumors of it.

They also take a paycut with him to get tarot info from Emily Llanfrechfa, to try to track down Aylin and 6 Cyl. They also link up with Aylin’s dad, Arthur, who has come to town looking for Aylin to report on his latest findings in the Seelie Court. He needs to put together some funds for his next expedition, so he asks the team if he can run with them while they look for his daughter on the side. With his help, they do some metaplanar and tarot research and determine that the set of Aces likely hint that Aylin and 6C will next appear at the Gate of Kadath that links to the mountain pass down from Id, in 40 days time. Whether this is 40 days of Gaia time or metaplanar time, they don’t know, but decide to get at least a small greeting party there in early february in case their friends appear.

They gear up a bit at Tiger Leer’s shop in Terminal, and meet up with Beanie, who offers them a truck heist job, in exchange for Towers help. He seems extensively implanted and kind of weird, but very helpful, which matches his local rep from what HK can find. They start researching the truck job, since it also pays a bit and has a timeline, and begin to make a plan for how to find, seize, and alter the truck’s path without getting caught or noticed. They execute the plan without too many hitches, managing to stage a traffic slowdown on a bridge and get aboard concealed by spirits, while hacking the transponder, autopilot, and guards biomonitors.

They divert the truck manually to the Bronx, bribing some border crossing guards on the jurisdictional transition from Queens. They deliver it unexamined, but decide to try to take one quick look in the back- looks like something alive there, but some kind of dense lead sheathing prevents further detection via radar or astral. They get paid and take off, and WLOG’s handler tells him there will be more work soon. They get down to business- figuring out what to do about WLOG in general since they discovered his AI nature mid-mission. He gives them enough of his backstory and whatnot to justify himself to them, and some of the team seems very onboard with e-life while others are still skeptical (or just ignorant).

They start looking further into T. Crapper, and debating whether to to kill him for Sierra Corp, or cash him in for the alive bounty with DIMR. They also do a little digging on the followup mission from WLOG’s handler- they need to find a secret lab and infiltrate it, bring some specialty equipment with, and get something out. Surprisingly, this seems to be the same lab Test was rescued from, as the recon footage they are given is the footage of his rescue. The plot thickens…. Meanwhile, Kinnie decides to look into acquiring more grav particles, and takes off for a bit.

They decide to tackle assassinating the toxic shaman T. Crapper first, since there’s a public capture bounty and the team wants to make sure to get paid. They begin doing some astral and matrix research, and pull some strings through Enkaa (Hotkey’s wife) to get some intel from Sierra Corp. They manage to ID 2 likely targets who might be next on Crapper’s kill list, and also ID a Newark-based gang he may be working with. They do some favors and funding assistance for the Ghoul Liberation League in exchange for Vasuda Mueller getting them access to The Rotten Apple (the local shadow VPN) as well as getting the number of a semi-corruptable KE detective, Emmanuel Theta.

Avocado calls Theta, and tells him to answer the next time he gets a call from this number for a hot tip that will benefit KE, and then turns his burner off so it can’t be traced. They plan to make sure KE can take credit for the job so they don’t get tied to Sierra (worried about New York’s scene pegging them as corp types) and that Sierra doesn’t get tied to whacking one of their former deniable assets (bad for their rep). They also make contact with another Newark gang, the Rahway Blades, who have beef with the Toxic Marauders (the gang likely helping Crapper).

They get the Blades to watch the 2 likely targets, and get a report back a few days later of Toxics watching the less secure of the 2. The team heads to Jersey via skimmer smuggling, and picks up a van the Blades stole for them. They then find the Toxics, hack their comms, and examine their auras, and trace both matrix and astral paths back to a local superfund site: the old waste treatment facility that failed during Crash 2.0, killing and poisoning many in the area. Teeth and Arthur go up against a toxic spirit, followed by T. Crapper himself, and are both felled. Luckily the team is able to revive them via the med drone, and Teeth spends some time suffusing both of them with healing energy before they head back, as well as summoning a powerful spirit of his own.

Meanwhile, Avocado convinces the Blades to delay the 2 cars full of Toxics to keep them away, and race towards the site. Test, HK, and WLOG manage to hack the security barrier around the site, and WLOG transfers his consciousness to an aerial surveillance drone, which he barely levels out before it crashes after his takeover. Teeth and Arthur manage to significantly wound Crapper, but he sprung a trap on them and KO’s both again. WLOG spots him with the drone, and HK and Test quickly upload a program and some TM threading to overclock it, and WLOG dive-bombs it into the wounded Crapper as he makes a digital escape back to his usual body.

The team hears a whump and explosion, and has the drone feed, so they assume they got him, and call it in to Theta as they flee. Theta seems happy enough to take credit based on the subsequent news conference, and the team hopes they have a new contact. They also see some news reports that go a bit into Crapper’s tragic backstory, which they didn’t really find out much about ahead of time. They ditch the van, get paid (and increase Enkaa’s standing with Sierra, thereby), and get smuggled back to the safehouse. WLOG buys HK and family a fancy pizza dinner, so HK heads off to do that.

Meanwhile, Kinnie gets some work done a side job, looking into who’s kidnapping Monads and TM’s and the like around town. He finds some corp teams doing pickup from Barrens bounty hunters, and traces them back to a secret entrance into an underground facility hidden in a parking ramp. Kinnie gets some payment of more Grav Particles from Plan 9/10 in return, and the promise of more for more work. The team gets another job offer from the local STV office: they need to do some very specific but seemingly randomly targeted murders. They agree due to a large payout, and then realize (once given more details) that they will be helping a wealthy serial killer attempt to escape punishment for his crimes. Thus begins a moral debate about what the right move is here, especially since they already accepted the job…

9 Gates
7/21/2020, 4:23:00 PM
Runners
Aylin Carewell
Kinnie Zest
Six Cylinder
Hotkey
Avocado
Teeth
Test

Aylin talks to her dad and hears about some promising leads with healing her mom. He’s headed to the Seelie Court to seek out someone called the Ebon Queen who is rumored to have skills or info relevant to the task, so Aylin says she’ll expect to hear from him on his return, whenever that is. She also contacts the Horrorstalkers and trains some new abilities with them, through a “Free Seattle” messageboard, an issue which seems to be heating up heading into the new year. Aylin decides to join the infiltration team and try to sneak into the next 9 Gates event. The team also signs on for another job with Schmidt/STV to help an extreme sports giant named Thor Thunder infiltrate and BASE jump off of one of The Towers, which the team thinks will be a perfect cover mission for their difficult job for Jackpoint.

The team does some recon and intel gathering and starts laying the groundwork for that gig, and then gets back to the Temple. The recon team gets some quality fake Shiawase uniforms from Sully, and get his Albanian contacts to paint the van to match, after the Duelists mod the van out to the team’s specs. They head up to Inwood through the Bronx to hit as few checkpoints as possible, and manage to clear the sensors with some hacking help. Hotkey finds some local NIMBY messageboards about road maintenance and finds a pothole near the gated community where Sunita Taki’s mansion is located. They manufacture an issue by using an earth spirit to tunnel over and rupture some nearby utility pipes, and then talk their way into the enclave after “fixing” them and hacking to shut down their flow valves at their junction inside. They also do some drone and astral recon between drone and astral sec patrols, and get some details on layout and security.

They do some prelim hacking and surveillance from inside, get a data tap installed, and intimidate the night watchman into making sure that he’ll let them back in to continue their work the next night. Teeth is badly electrocuted and uses this a pretense for the intimidation. They turn everything back on, and Hotkey is impressed by Test’s cool TM abilities, which he is seeing in action for the first time. They start scheming on teamwork hacking tricks they can try. They also notice another hacker creating a script loop to overwrite the guest register for the next night, and assume that must be when the event will be.

The infil team head into the Pit through the Underground, and manage to avoid getting entangled in any local side quests. It seems like there are some ongoing paracritter problems, and like Omnistar has been sending in Shadowriders to start trouble as an excuse for a future crackdown. The district seems realtviely safe but does seems to be gentrifying. They both make contact with different sketchy sorts at the Orchard Street Bazaar, Aylin gets ripped off on some reagent jewelry, and then finds a ghoul who sells blood in exchange for a safe place to use for the bloodbags. She then gets housing (also expensive) through the talismongers, who she tells she wants more stuff tomorrow.

Avocado and Six Cyl make a little bit of asses of themselves, but finally finds someone who seems down to sell their desperation to someone looking for their kind- mages who have lost power and want more. They get put up in a sketchy safehouse and wait for morning, both sleeping surprisingly well on a shared couch. They awake the next morning and embark on a long, strange journey- the dealer they made a deal with brings them a semi-intact subway entrance with a ladder down to it nearby, and they find 2 cloaked figures waiting. Both are wearing masks with some kind of voice changer, and tell them to board the nearby train car. They hop aboard and are surprised to find themselves propelled rapidly along the long-abandoned line, heading North up the island, as best they can tell from the broken and empty stops they pass. The travel seems magical in some way, by 6 Cyl’s assessment.

After a lengthy journey, they emerge at a semi-intact station and are given robes and masks of their own, though dingier and cheaper. They are told to leave their clothes behind in a pile of shoes and rags but are not forced to or searched. They ascend a ladder, reaching a building basement that seems better kept than the station below. They take a rickety, old, but functional private elevator up to the roof, where they have 1 brief moment of matrix access to send a message to their friends before boarding a small chopper. The cloaked figures tell them they have no need of their old friends any longer. The chopper flies them north and a little west, and they land on the river-side lawn of a fancy mansion, finding more robed figures waiting for them.

As 6 of the figures in fancier cloaks encircle them, they find themselves in combat with 2 more figures dressed like themselves. Luckily 6 Cyl had prepared some emergency spells and Avocado is a capable fighter and has some adept trickier, so they emerge victorious, though the figures watching seem suspicious of their teamwork. They are told to rest up for the festivities planned for the evening, and each given a small private chamber to do so. The mansion seems quite fancy but has some faint moldering quality or something that seems just slightly off.

Meanwhile, the recon team has received the message, and heads back up North to follow up on their previous nights’ shenanigans. Test and HK upload a script into the cul-de-sac’s cameras to forward to them and then delete the footage sent, so they can see who comes and goes. They see a steady stream of cars arriving, from small electrics to large limos, none of which leave. They head over to get in place, and insert some water-proofed fly spy’s into the sewer line, sending them up towards the house. They have to create a LOS relay to bypass the jamming on the property, but manage to infiltrate the carriage house, where the various drivers and bodyguards are waiting and carousing. Kinnie gets the drones outdoors to do a more thorough exterior recon.

Teeth checks it out further astrally, and with some investigation determines that the strange statues scattered around the property are likely inhabited by imps, a sort of spiritual cousin to shedim. With this info, the team gets the go ahead for a more active approach from Arleesh, and are told to destroy or capture the imp statues, and report back with more info, They start figuring out how to go in, and arrange to have a skimmer wait nearby for potential water extraction.

Back inside, Avocado and 6 Cyl wake up to find their doors locked, and told to ready themselves for the evening, wearing nothing under their robes. There are various oils and creams to anoint themselves as they see fit. They eventually get an announcement from their socialite host, and head down to the kitchen. Them and the other acolytes eat at a large rough table, while the higher order members eat in a grand dining room. They notice that the servers appear to be moving without their own control, and look quite similar to the people they fought on the lawn earlier. They also notice that it is getting harder and harder to tell who’s who under the robes and masks, perhaps in some magical or drug way. 6 Cyl stacks a hefty portion, being fast, and Avocado tries to command him to pass it over, but fails. There is plenty of food but everyone is gorging themselves on the best bits as fast as they can.

When the feast ends, the host summons them to the ballroom for the orgy. The hallway they travel to get there seems longer than should be possible for the size of the mansion. The engage with various degrees of enthusiasm in the orgy, until with one collective climax everyone it spent at once, and all are told to re-robe, and follow them 2 figures in the fanciest cloaks and masks downstairs. 6 Cyl misplaces his robe, in which he had hidden a knife, and fails to find any good replacement weapons. They descend a surprisingly long rough stone staircase, and emerge into a damp stone hallway, with water running in thin rivulets between the large blocks and flagons. They once again travel further than they estimate they should be able to, and wonder if they are somewhere under the river.

They eventually emerge into a circular domed room, with a large open well or pit in the center. The circle of stones surrounding it imply the room was built around the hole, rather than vice versa. There is one other hall branching off, and 7 other stone gates applied to the walls, but with intact wall behind them- perhaps this is the Temple? 2 cloaked figures come down the others hall, herding the 3 servers from before, and line them up along the edge of the well. After some ritual speak, one of the other novice acolytes quickly gets behind them and boots one in. They fall in silence with a look of terror in their eyes, and quickly pass out of sight, though there is no splash or sound of impact.

Avocado and 6 Cyl, unable to converse or tell which of them is which, both also sacrifice one each of the ragged servers, and shortly after the 3rd one falls, one of the highest order members holds aloft what looks like an Ace Tarot card and intones some more ritual. 6 Cyl tries to figure out how to siphon some of it off for himself. Both are feeling disconnected from their mentor spirits. The stone walls behind one of the faux portal splits open and stabilizes into another dark passage. Most of the cultists seem thrilled, but the 2 highest order members seems vaguely disappointed, as if they had hoped for some different outcome.

They ask for volunteers amongst the novice acolytes, and both Avocado and 6 Cyl go through, Avo signals to 6C that it his him by giving one of his trademark leadership speeches. They pass through a long tunnel which shifts in size, keeping one hand on the wall, and one on each others’ shoulders. After a longish walk, they emerge into an unfamiliar starscape, and find themselves in a strange ruined city. The gate still looms behind them, and they can see hints of other gates, as well as strange twisted statues, plinths where others once stood, and winding alleys and stairs scattered about seemingly at random. They feel if they left the small courtyard they’re in they would soon be lost.

6C guesses they may be in Kadath, a metaplane about which little is known. They see a pulsing star that seems closer than the rest but manage to avoid going closer to investigate. They also notice that some of the statues seem to be moving. They decide they got enough info, and head back. As they emerge back into the Temple, 6C feels a new weight in his sleeve, and finds another Ace Tarot card- a voice tells him this is his reward for asking for power, and now he has to take what else he can. Unable to communicate this to Avo, they head back to their rooms to rest after debriefing the head cultists on what they saw.

Meanwhile, Aylin has also awoken in the Pit, and goes through the same thing at the others, though alone. She kicks the first person into the well, but doesn’t proceed through the passage as she is distracted by noticing that not only does the head cultist have another Ace card, there seems to be a 3rd held by the other head cultist. They rest for the night. The team outside scouts around the house interior via the plumbing using drones on autopilot, and manages to make contact with Aylin eventually, and tell her that there will be a once every 8 hours comm window, due to a hack that Teeth and Test sneak up and install on one of the jammers. Unfortunately, they get spotted sneaking away, and the team has to flee the neighborhood under fire, while broadcasting Shiawase ID’s and claiming the trespassing was an accident.

They head back to the Wash Heights safehouse and wait for contact, and get some rest. Meanwhile, the next day, the team inside is told that today they will begin to study the sacred texts. The acolytes are all brought back to the ballroom, now cleared out, and find a shrouded tome on a pedestal. 3 of them rush forward, and 6 Cyl gets there first- he assenses it but doesn’t open it. Aylin arrives second, and knocks on the book while touching the tarot card in her pocket- she gets a hint that both cult leaders and the person next to her have the other 3 Aces, and hears a voice in her head telling her that the strongest should collect all 4 for a reward. 6 Cyl had the same dream, strangely. The 3rd acolyte opens the book, and is instantly blinded by the indescribable image within. 6C takes a good amount of damage as well, but centers himself, recognizing some part of Lightbringer in the image.

2 cultists lead the blinded acolyte away towards the basement, telling them to quit their mewling as their pain will be over soon. Avocado hangs back from the remaining acolytes while they flip through the book (partially since he can’t read). 1/3rd of the engravings have the horrifying effect, burning and disintegrating 2 more acolytes, while the remaining 6 images seem disturbing but mundane. They seem to lay out some sort of ritual for contacting the devil, which seem to have some commonalities with the Tarot. Aylin decides to confront the head cultists in her own way, and walk up holding out both hands and asking them to give her their cards. For her insolence, she is ordered killed, and cultists surround her to haul her to the well. Howver Avocado noticed that one of the head cultists seemed surprised to hear that the other one had a card, and gets the cultists all riled up about the fact.

The surprised head cultist stabs the other one, and goes through her pocket, finding another Ace. The remaining head calls for Aylin to be instead brought to the library for a conversation. 6C, the only acolyte to survive viewing the whole book, says he also knows of the Tarot, and is summoned as well. They head to a new part of the mansion- a grand staircase in a foyer, and a small library. Meanwhile, Avocado is recruited to help desecrate and dismember the body of the “traitor” head cultist, who turns out to be the socialite Sunita Taki, once unmasked. Avo gets an upgraded mask and robe, and learns the way out to the water where they throw all the pieces. He gets a message out to the team with a brief update.

In the library, Aylin and 6 Cyl make a possibly disastrous decision at the same time to attack the cult head, assuming this must be Aletheia (and wanting the cards). Aylin’s first whip attack almost bounces off her spell shield, which disturbs both of them, but 6 Cyl throws her off with some counterspelling and a massive manaball. However, Aylin is almost slain by her response spell before they kill her, one of the highest force spells they’ve ever encountered. Aylin goes somewhat blood rage and slashes apart the body and room extensively before 6C calms her down. They search the body for the cards, and find both Aces and a 9, though Aylin’s whipping destroyed what seems to be the fading remains of another 9.

As 6 Cyl holds the 4 Aces (having pickpocketed Aylin while she was distracted), he feels them pulling together, and a gateway rips open ahead of them. The voice they’ve both been hearing tells them that only the strongest may enter, and both pull out all the stops, competing to get through- and both step in at the same moment as the rift snaps shut. Avocado, along with the other cultists, comes back in and starts searching for the missing acolytes and leader, and combat ensues after Aletheia is found dead. Avo is choked out by a muscular cultist, but sees his assailant felled by a spell as he loses consciousness.

The team outside heads back to the area ahead of the next 8 hour comms window, expecting a message. When none comes, they fear something is wrong and prepare to go in. They contact Fargus Sol who says he will move some support resources to the area, and also get a boat extraction set up with Nichols, who will bring them to a temp safehouse in NJ to lay low afterwards, if the extraction is hot. Teeth intimidates the cul de sac guard to let them in again, and Test and Hotkey fry the guard in matrix to make sure he doesn’t cause trouble. They then reformat the community security system to make response times slower. They send the van off on autopilot as a distraction, and head in on foot.

They notice the imps that are bound to the twisted gargoyles seem to move when they aren’t looking, so they try to move strategically. Test shuts down the jamming field, and they pick up a weak signal from Avo’s burner. They head in, planning to gas all the guards and drivers, but find them dead from some sort of maddened fight- guns, knives, fists, and spells. Those few who escaped the guardhouse look to have been shredded on the lawn, and the stone chips in the wounds suggest them imps are there to keep anyone from fleeing. They head further in and find that the strange extended architecture of the house seems to have collapsed with disastrous effects. They also find a ton of bodies, as well as numerous missing rooms, based on their drone scouting.

They find Avo and wake him up and stabilize him. He seems to be the only survivor- they search for the others but Avo tells them what he knows and they think that they are not there, and likely passed through a portal. Teeth finds the tome clutched by one dead cultist, but the rest of the library seems either fake or destroyed. The door to the basement, which Avo suggests as an exit, seems to have collapsed on itself also, in a way that Teeth thinks could only be caused by the abrupt closure of a metaplanar portal. Sol tells them to try to lure the imps in and then get well clear, so they set a series of explosives to make the imps think they are trying to leave through one blown open hole while they instead use another. Teeth watches in astral to track imp movement.

The team legs it for Nichols’ boat, but Avo and Test fall behind- luckily Teeth tasks his spirit with using it’s remaining powers to give them the movement assistance they need, and they make the boat ahead of the pursuing imps, disturbing to watch as the gargoyles are obviously not meant to move the way that they are. Nichols guns it as the team sees something drop out of the sky, Kinnie ID’s it as a fuel-air bomb, but it seems to have a second canister, which Teeth ID’s as FAB III as it devastatingly goes off, destroying the mansion, as well as the local manasphere. They get dropped in NJ at a safehouse run by a strict safehouse master named Nanuli who tells them they will be locked in til the New Years for their own safety. He offers to take out one message, which they begin to compose, while they wonder what happened to their friends…

Settling Into NYC
7/13/2020, 1:04:08 PM
Runners
Aylin Carewell
Kinnie Zest
Six Cylinder
Hotkey
Avocado
Teeth
Test

The team decides to take some downtime to get situated locally and make some more contacts before taking on more work, as well as upgrading some gear, cyber, and magic with their (somewhat reduced) payday from the last job. Aylin’s proposal of all the new team members for Jackpoint provisional membership nets them one job, but it seems near impossible, so they’re not sure if they’ll tackle it. HK spends some time in the Mongolian expat community in Queens, and gets in some qt with his family there. He also gets a contact at Sierra Corp through some fellow exiled freedom fighters who can get good fake SINs for goblinized folks, and get Test set up with some ID’s, finally. HK, still feeling burned from the Johnson on the last job dicking them around, leaks a lot of info about it to The Conservatory, earning some rep there but going against the team’s decision to play it “pro”. HK was specifically set off by seeing positive PR (sp)interviews with “Doug Quinn” that seem to have gotten Citigroup off the hot seat in the MDC reshuffle coming up.

Kinnie decides to try to re-up his grav particle stash, and heads down to the Protozoan shop in the lower levels of Terminal, where he makes a deal with Tiger Leer to deal with an NYPD Inc threat to the Night Markets in exchange for some gravtech. Leer also suggests other trades possible, for rare materials/blueprints/etc, and hints at having access to strange tech. Kinnie reports back to the team, and works on tuning up his new drone fleet, replaced after losing alot in DC. Kinnie also makes a Jackpoint sub called “Rate My Johnson” as part of the “pro” response to the last mission, encouraging runners and teams to post about Johnson’s reliability. It is quickly revealed on this board that someone leaked info about their last job, and HK owns up, leading to a lengthy team argument about the group norms, ending with everyone signing on and HK basically having the same deal with the Conservatory that Prot0 had.

Aylin heads off for a bit to seek out food sources and make contact with some Horrorstalkers, through a “Free Seattle” messageboard.

6 Cylinder makes a few new contacts, 1 anti-corp hedge witch in SoHo, who tries to help him initiate, but it doesn’t work. Taylor Anacleto offers to work with 6C for the next lunar cycle to prep himself to try again, doing graffiti and small vandalism against corp fronts in the tourist-y district. 6C also makes contact with some local Catholics to seek out the Vigilia Evangelica, and eventually tracks down a Father Darren Dolf, who offers him some work in exchange for info, and cautiously feels him out about what he knows. Dolf wants the team to investigate a local IOND higher up from Seattle who apparently fled some trouble there, which Teeth said shouldn’t be a problem for him.

Test tries to look into his mysterious background a bit, but Paul Jones won’t tell him much, in the name of professionalism. He says he makes a point not to know details, but seems a little sad he can’t do more. Test kinda writes him off for this. He then return to his bolthole, and starts working with some Ratpack smugglers to increase his skills to be able to navigate there himself. He communes with his friend GC through the conduit in the wall and gets some info about their mission for Arleesh, investigating the Temple of the 9 Gates. He also gets a little info on his time in the lab, which is still hazy.

Teeth makes contact with the local IOND and fills them in on events in DC a bit, as well as the team he’s working with now. He also gets ahold of Sully and arranges for a rental vehicle for use in upcoming jobs. His contacts don’t know much about the Temple of 9 Gates, but he does a little research on them and Black Lodge locally.

Avocado spends some time riling up his local community against gentrification in order to try to achieve symbiosis, and uses his social magic to lead to a work stoppage on a local mafia-affiliated high rise upmarketing, by running a clever con. The hackers assist. He brags about this to the person who asked if he was down to do more outside of a previous community meeting, who uses the knowledge of the work stoppage to do a more explosive structure hit, and tells Avocado to let them know when he’s ready for more, claiming to be part of the group Shatter Wave.

Avocado also does some digging into the Temple of 9 Gates using local contacts and makes a deal with Vasuda Mueller to help keep the corps out of the Underground and Terminal in exchange for some details. They find out that a rich benefactor hosts events for them at her mansion in Inwood, and that they recruit for these events in the Pit. They also claim to be able to boost or restore magical abilities, along with some general mystic/Luciferian/gnostic/lefthand path stuff. The team makes a plan: 6 Cyl and Avocado will sneak into the Pit, posing as would be acolytes, and try to get into one of the parties, while the other team, using their good SINs to pose as a Shiawase “public” works crew will use the newly rented painter’s van to get nearby, do recon, and act as backup. They wait for Aylin to return before heading out.

Rotten Apples
6/30/2020, 8:44:08 PM
Runners
Aylin Carewell
Kinnie Zest
Six Cylinder
Hotkey
Avocado
Teeth
and Introducing Test

The team, with help from Teeth and Avocado’s NYC contacts and some research from Hotkey, decide what kinda fake passes and ID’s to spring for to be able to operate in Manhattan as needed, and decide on a safehouse in Terminal with a secret access to the Underground. They pay a month upfront and catch a private plane up. They meet a Skimmer smuggler named Nichols at a waterway near the airport, and then link up with him again at the rotted docks in Terminal, hauling their unlicensable gear to the new safehouse (the big guns and armor, basically). It seems like unaffiliated teams are super useful in Manhattan, given how corporatized even the runner scene is there. So they feel like they should have as much work as they want to.

For now, they decide to finish off their work for STV, and get clear of the dangerously charming Deirdre Green. They go to a hip VR dance bar and have a slightly weird digital meet with a Johnson, coming to terms on an assassination. HK does some research on the Johnson, and the team finds out that the Johnson seems to also be the target, confusingly. He has a recent scandal at work, and the money to pay them came from a deniable assets fund that he and 2 others have access to. They are feeling super wary and spooked, but plan to continue to at least prep for the mission until they get info that something is fucked.

They make a branching 3-stage plan for the hit, and figure it’s the best they can do for now. They ready themselves for a meet with Paul Jones, who has a rep as not wanting to know what or why he’s smuggling stuff into corps, but has a rep for having contacts at most of the AA/AAA local branches, and the ability to get most things in. Hotkey splits off for Queens to visit his family, the Mongolian community there, and continue investigating the Johnson. Avocado and 6Cyl meet up with some nano-forgers in the lower levels of Terminal station, who seem able to fabricate rare/illegal gear relatively quickly to get a few specialty items for the job.

The meet with Jones goes well- Aylin gets a lead on a food source that meets her needs, and Kinnie and the team get the necessary heavy weaponry and B&E gear they need to him to smuggle into the building ahead of the job tomorrow. He has uniforms for them, but the one hitch is that the forged ID’s are still with the courier, who apparently was unable to get to the meet on time due to some kind of minor snag, and will be accompanying the team on the job to make sure everything goes smoothly.

They hire an underground smuggler from the Ratpack who Teeth vouches for, and get brought to a strange, secluded bolt-hole under Grand Central, where they find a disheveled and seemingly much experimented-on ork technomancer. He is the smallest adult ork any of them have ever seen, and seems quite strange and paranoid. They convince him of their ability to pay for his services, at least, and he comes along via the underground back to their Terminal safehouse. Aylin reads Test’s mind a bit (consensually) after he reveals that he has no strong memories more than 3 days old, and is able to fill in a few details on the last 3 years of his being experimented on in a lab, as well as his rescue 3 days ago, but nothing earlier. The team is fascinated by the mystery.

They stage the bike and VTOL near the MDC building before the run for emergency getaways, and Test pays a Ratpack smuggler to wait nearby also. As they head in, they find the building is being aggressively picketed and protested by some Neo-A’s and community members, and spot a lot of fresh political graffiti around the area. They head in, their ID’s pass muster, and 3 of them head upstairs while the other 3 get pulled off to scan for explosives. Avocado, Teeth, and Test spend the next while smelling delicious catering they can’t eat while scanning for bombs, and Avocado finds one- a klaxon goes off, and the ballroom/meeting area is quickly evacuated. However, this signals trouble for the team upstairs, who doesn’t quite get a drop on the target’s guard.

She almost kills 6C at the same time that he kills her, and a powerful earth spirit manifests and almost does in Kinnie before they are able to eliminate it. Aylin busts down the door, and Kinnie takes out Dough Quinn, the target. They grab his comm, and document everything, still feeling paranoid. They skedaddle, but almost get into another dustup with 2 more exec protection types escorting a nervous woman out of the building. As they exit the staircase back to the ground floor, Neo-A’s breach the front of the building with explosive shields and push into the lobby in a wedge as building security tries to rally to hold them back. A jammer was set up after the explosive was discovered to prevent remote detonation while bomb techs disarmed it, so perhaps this was the backup plan. The team uses the chaos to slip out the back of the building, but Avocado sees two camouflaged figures slip out the back of the Neo-A wedge and head for the stairs going up…

Them team, seeing NYPD Inc. cops brawling with protestors at both ends of the back street they emerge onto, all split off from each other and try to slip through the scrums, shedding their decoy uniforms as they do so for the street clothes underneath. After a few dicey moments, they make it out, and all manage to get back to the safehouse unharmed. 6C decides to spend some time learning a little Sperethiel to improve his elf posing, after he and Avocado have a run-in with some Ancients that he almost biffs. The rest of the team pursues payment, and finds that the escrow account at Brokerage X is frozen, as “Doug Quinn” is still alive- there is attached footage of an interview with a scorched but living Quinn saying he just barely survived an assassination attempt by Neo-A “terrorists” dressed as cops. The team assumes this is who Avocado saw slipping upstairs: the second Quinn.

They get Schmidt involved, who says she had a feeling Green might pull some shenanigans with them around payment, and manages to get them half pay by providing all the teams documentation to Brokerage X, who approves a partial payout, since the team did kill someone, who certainly appears to also be a Doug Quinn. They don’t get a lot more answers to this mystery though, as the comm they grabbed has almost no info on it- a security data bomb was set off just before “Quinn’s” death. However, they got paid, have no immediately pressing jobs, and are relatively safe in a new city, so they decide to take a little downtime to get better established,

They

Toxic Alleys Part 10
6/17/2020, 4:23:37 PM
Runners
Guy
Aylin Carewell
Kinnie Zest
Six Cylinder
Holly Dazzle
Hotkey

and introducing Avocado and Teeth

Holly attempts to take the Executioner out with spellcraft, but is felled themselves by a powerful air spirit. Guy’s air spirit takes out the Black Lodge spirit enveloping Holly, and Kinnie dives out the window to catch Holly before she crashes into the ground, and then spirits him back to the safehouse to do some emergency medical interventions. 6C fires on the Exec from cover upstairs, while doing his best to dodge the return fire/spells, giving Hotkey time to do some desperate remote hacking on the terminals that possessed Agent X was trying to access.

It looks like the shedim got part of the way into the hardwired system, but haven’t disarmed the data bombs yet, so HK does some quick work and gets 2 out of 3 files before the system is destroyed in the spell battle and he gets dumpshocked. He starts sifting through data while the rest of the team exfiltrates. 6C with a spirit using its movement power on him is able to outrun the Exec on foot as a distraction while the rest slip out the back. The Exec wrecks their van though, so Guy dips into his savings to get an even beefier one for their next showdown.

6C heads straight for STV, not wanting the Exec to be able to track him via the mark back to the safehouse, and helps fend off the tail end of a shedim attack. Schmidt has lost an eye in the melee, and it seems like a number of STV employees were injured or killed- the shedim seem to have used suicide Hoppers to breach the exterior defenses, in search of artifacts that weren’t actually there- apparently the BL got one over on them. While the rest of the team examines the data at the safehouse, Aylin heads to Georgetown to check on them, and finds the tail end of a bug assault on their hidden vaults- she is too injured to get involved, as is the rest of the team, and records from hiding while some FedPol shock troops kill the last bugs, as well as the magical Catholics, with some FABIII sprayers, and make off with some artifacts, after grenading the civilians that Radha Ran was trying to protect.

Back at the safehouse they find the BL’s ultimate plan: they’re going to use some power site downtown as a trap, and lure both bugs and shedim there. The Exec will kill as many as possible while a BL ritual circle channels that energy into a massive sacrifice ritual allowing them to take full control over the Spirit of the City of DC, giving the BL full magical supremacy there. The team is obviously worried about this possibility, and makes plans to escape town after trying to stop it, no matter which way it goes. They make a deal with Schmidt to sell her the info exclusively for now and release it after, as per Agent X’s wishes, and to only share public safety relevant portions ahead of time. They also give Fargus Sol Aylin’s vid from Georgetown, and some of the info.

He helps them set up a deal with the IOND to safely siphon off some of the magical energy from the BL ritual, only possible if the team can kill the Exec, preferably with his own blade (as he will be the focal point). Sol warns that the IOND will surely turn this to their advantage locally, but they’re definitely a less evil option. The team also gets a video from Ben Maddox of him launching a suicide attack on a convoy carrying President Colloton’s head of security, Evan Corcoran, who Maddox is sure is a shedim. He uses a FABIII grenade that causes some permanent astral scarring on a block of downtown. The team makes a plan, gears up, and hires some backup: the free spirits from the bank vault will help provide some additional counterspelling support, and a new-in-town Face with a decent rep, named Avocado, helps them get some more money out of Schmidt, and agrees to run leadership over the TacNet for the upcoming battle.

They get word that it will take place at the Washington Monument, on the National Mall, using a disgruntled STV employee as a lure- it seems the BL had a second mole inside. He is rumored to be carrying the Devil’s Seal, which the team knows is secure with Arleesh, so they’re sure this is the trap that X warned of. They also make plans to give the 2 blades to Arleesh, if they can get them. They take Guy’s new SWAT tank on the road, and Avocado bluffs their way past the cordons enforcing the military curfew around Downtown and the Capitol. Hotkey hacks their vehicle ID into the shedim forces IFF system and they sneak up through their lines, creeped out by the fact that the ritual that the BL is doing, using the Washington Monument as a focal point, appears to have created an astral shallow opening onto some bizarre metaplane.

Kinnie, using drones, spots the Executioner slaying foes, and Guy sends up a spirit along with Aylin to kill his ally spirit. They succeed but Aylin is badly injured and Guy’s spirit is destroyed. They race up in the tank, dodging spellcraft and missiles, and the mages on the team dispell his sustained magic armor. Kinnie tries to pin him with a grav grenade, and manages to snag a lot of bugs and shedim, but the Executioner escapes and nearly slays Kinnie. Aylin and Holly are both killed in the ensuing battle, though Avocado manages to slap some trauma patches on Aylin in time to save her. Holly vanishes however. The tank is destroyed by spells and explosives, but due to sustained fire, dispelling, and offensive magic, they finally take the Executioner down, which helps break the BL line and send the ritual out of control as the bugs and shedim overwhelm them. The surviving team members hunker down under layered alchemical barriers and barely ride out the ensuing magical explosion, which levels the monument, as well as much of the battlefield, and seems to close the astral shallow as well.

Some of the energy is safely channeled off, and they manage to get the 2 swords safely to Arleesh in the ensuing confusion and chaos, getting 2 Tarot cards in reward. Trading and selling info they gained in the process of this lengthy investigation, they also get some updates over the next few days as they rearm, heal, and get some new magic and implants sorted. The Black Lodge seems to have lost a lot of their local leaders due to the psychic feedback of the ritual’s disruption, but they likely still have local infiltrators throughout government and corporate structures. The Keyholders (the 3 not lost to the Shedim anyway) have apparently relocated to St Louis, prompting some curiosity about what sort of things the BL might have smuggled in while helping construct the Archology there, using metaplanar materials.

Reports of more Project: Apex strikes throughout DC and a lot of MeFeeds of urbex types wandering around in abandoned hives and dens suggest that the bugs seem to have moved on as well- or been forced to. Is ARES actually living up to their word? Meanwhile, the shedim seem to have cleared out en masse where possible, due to losing some of their high level government connections. They presumably still have military ties, and reports circulate of newly unkillable guards showing up in MCT Zero Zones, due to their merger with Apep Consortium, which the team now knows has deep shedim ties. They also hear of gatherings of shedim in Yakut near the Tunguska crater and outside Kinshasa, in the Congo.

Meanwhile, the corps are using the recent instability and “major terrorist event” resulting in the destruction of the Washington monument as proof that President Colloton is out of touch and that citizens would be wise to turn to the corps for protection. The embattled president is looking less and less likely to be able to get her chosen successor to victory in the upcoming election. And the IOND seem to emerge the big winners, although with a lot on their plate: the local manasphere is somewhat shattered and the Spirit of the City is reported to be damaged from the attempt at binding it to the BL’s will. However, local leylines have already shifted in some ways advantageous to the IOND, and they have taken possession of a strange mana pool at the site of the failed ritual, with reports of healing “miracles” already appearing in the local press.

The team decides it’s time to clear out, and Fargus Sol gives them another job from Arleesh to tackle in NYC, as well as the final job they owe to STV. Schmidt also says she’ll be in touch with future needs, as the team has proven their worth. Sol introduces them to an IOND-affiliated mage named Teeth, an older man who was called to town to help with their ritual subversion. He is NYC based and has some useful contacts there, so he and the team agree to cooperate for now. They prepare to head north, and put DC comfortably in the rearview, happy to see the end of it. Unfortunately, Guy pulls a vanishing act just before they’re all about to leave, with the following letter:

Hey y’all,
It’s been real. I’m done. I’m going somewhere far away now. I’m looking forward to some time with just Berto and me, and I’m going to get closer to Akavish and my spirituality. I’ve already bought myself out of this last mission with Madeline, so you’re all good there. Also I’m leaving you my fucking bad ass Suzuki Mirage which is worth like 40 grand, and here’s my pull from the last job for group funds, so hopefully that softens the blow a bit. Although if running has taught me anything, nuyen ain’t got shit on rep, so <shrugging>.
I’ve had a very good run with this crew, but I’m tired of losing friends, you know?
Plus now I won’t have to worry about those fucking rules anymore.
Stay golden, Chummers.
Guy

Toxic Alleys Part 9
5/9/2020, 1:06:03 PM
Runners
Guy
Aylin Carewell
Kinnie Zest
OverEasy
Six Cylinder
Holly Dazzle
Hotkey

The team does some recon on the auction site, with some good face-ing by OE and some matrix and drone support by Kinnie and HK. They get a floorplan and security details for the auction, as well as a list of region codes where the invites went out to. They do some further digging and manage to amass a list of likely candidates for auction invitees based on flight plans cross-referenced with local fixers looking for bodyguards, locations of corp HQ’s, etc. They bribe Zenith to swap out a team he put on bodyguard duty with them, promising their “side” job won’t interfere with their duties to his client.

They meet up with a giant named Eric Talbert, who seems to be some kind of military/govt fixer, and likely a Denver survivor. 6Cyl is going in with him as the lone up close guard (Blackheart Security has tight security around the auction itself) while the rest of the team waits in the van in a secure underground lot near the freight elevator. They maintain comms using code phrases in case they’re being monitored. 6C reports back on various other auction attendants buying things on behalf of MCT, AZT, SpinRad, UniOmni, and others, and makes note of who buys the sword (as well as a tarot card).

The team starts making plans to follow the buyer via different means, when some other runners burst in just at the close of the auction: it’s the other team that got dropped off the job when they bribed Zenith! They blow their way in and fly in using spellcraft and spirit powers. They take out many of the less-armored BH guards on the auction floor but get overwhelmed by reinforcements from the floor below and don’t manage to steal any items. Holly and 6C get back to the auction room to try to secure the sword but a powerful milspec-armored bodyguard (who they guess is Black Lodge based on who he was with) gets it first and fights his way out.

Aylin gets a look at his aura as he flees and it is the first time her Horror-sense has activated- he has some sort of unnatural magic on him. He uses his auction attendant as a human shield to block a grenade shot from Kinnie, and dives off on a wing suit. OE follows in astral, but gets rebuffed by a tumor spirit waiting at the drop zone. The team extracts Talbert with his purchases, and Holly manages to steal some strange reagents from a half-naga who seems to work for DIMR, who is quite upset to find one of their acquisitions missing.

The team gets out of there and safely delivers Talbert with his purchases, before noticing that they’re being pursued. They ditch the pursuers with spellcraft, but almost get KO’ed by a tumor spirit that manifests in the van before Aylin takes it out with the enchanted whip. Everyone gets safely back to the safehouse, but they notice that 6C has a mark on his forehead from the BL guard pommel striking him with sword and worry what that might entail. They report in to Schmidt and she tells them to keep trying to track the sword as she’s worried the BL may be about to make their move. She also tells them to find Agent X asap as she seems to have had some relevant before disappearing. She says a figure known as “The Executioner” has already made multiple assassinations since the auction against BL foes, so they assume this is the guard.

The team spends some time tracking down Agent X, as well as healing up and researching how to counter the tracking ability of the sable blade. They find X’s first safehouse burnt, and do some CSI- it seems like a magical attack, and evidence suggests shedim may have been involved. The team calls in some favors/rep around town and manages to find the 2nd safehouse that X moved to, as well as getting some info she had stored in a floor safe in the first safehouse. They stake out safehouse 2 and see some figures inside, and decide to rush in. OE stays in the van to provide astral support, and gets taken out by some powerful shedim who possess his body as the rest of the team kills the 3 shedim hosts inside, including a possessed Agent X.

Shedim OE grabs the crystal bloodblade and steps out of the van. Holly launches some combat spells, and does some damage as the folks inside patch up from the shootout and try to link Hotkey in to hack the terminal that “X” was using. Holly is shocked to see a massive air spirit drop the Executioner, who glides down and easily slices OE in half, destroying the shedim possessing him, and also coming into possession of the crystal bloodblade himself. He looks up at the wreckage of the safehouse as the team debates what to do: fight or flight? They try to call in backup from STV and Georgetown, but it seems both the Catholics and the Firm are under attack as well- they’re on their own.

Toxic Alleys Part 8
3/30/2020, 12:30:09 PM
Runners
Guy
Aylin Carewell
Kinnie Zest
OverEasy
Six Cylinder
Holly Dazzle
and introducing: Hotkey

The team embarks on a run of more successful missions after that last embarrassment, and surveils the meeting between Evelyn North and the CIA head, who both seem to indeed be undercover Black Lodge members. North reports in in a confusing conversational code, but the team gleans a lot of interesting info. They use a super low-tech battery powered, magnetically shielded recorder, hidden and retrieved in the restaurant where the meeting took place a day before/after. Old school gets the goods. The BL seems to also be seeking Bryson Church, and worried about what powers he may have with the dagger. They are also keeping an eye on Tan Robe activities, as well as tarot stuff. They also catch a hint about a BL spy in STV, confirming Schmidt’s suspicions.

The team then makes a recon pass by Church’s motel safehouse after doing some local shadow digging to find out where he might’ve gone. He seems to be turning and controlling shedim who come looking for him from Arlington, as well as providing a source of bodies between motel guests/staff and the large tent city in the parking lot adjacent. They call up Ben Maddox for additional support, and plan an assault. The plan goes pretty well, and they kill Church and retrieve the dagger with no deaths, though many serious injuries, in the team. Maddox proves to be skilled but a bit of a wildcard, though his use of the Crystal Bloodblade (unknown to him) free Jonny from it’s curse. Over in Ethiomalia, deep in a hidden delta lab, he begins his reconstruction.

Church seems to have acquired secret magical abilities to not only summon and control shedim, but also to summon and bind shadow spirits. His death frees the 2 shadow spirits he has bound, who begin causing chaos around DC (and who easily demanifest to escape Kinnie’s grav ray). The team decides to pass the dagger along to Fargus Sol’s contact, who turns out to be the great feathered serpent Arleesh, who has a rep for helping to protect metahumanity from dangerous magic. This improves their loyalty with Fargus, Madeline gets the benefit of controlling the situation without the boon of the dagger, which she doesn’t seem to consider too great of a loss (given her worries about infiltrators at the firm).

However, while they were assaulting Church’s hideout, the Shedim at Arlington staged an attack on the Black Wolf. It seems to have eventually reached some kind of detente, and was heavily covered up. Schmidt wants details. The team digs into it, and determines that the shedim and BL have some sort of peace deal (impossibly) and presumably know who and what they have in Malcolm West by now. They watch the bar and see that the BL has ramped up security significantly. They see some shedim roll up on the quarter moon, and be allowed in- seemingly some sort of power-sharing deal. Worried about what this entails, they decide to tip off Otto Stevens.

He responds quickly, setting off a small EMP locally, and sending in Firewatch sniper teams to clear out the BL exterior guards, as a few large vans dump a bunch of mixed-type bugs into the front of the bar. An FW team follows up with one of the portal disruption devices from Project: Bottleneck, which Maddox ID’s. After this seems to disrupt the ritual, a large box truck rolls up out front, and a Dr. Ellis (the team’s contact person, via Stevens), emerges to oversee the use of some sort of new ARES project: some kind of bug/tech merge that easily eliminates the other mixed bugs as they are chased out of the Black Wolf. ARES clears out, and the team follows, as the BL begins to re-establish a perimeter. Most of the shedim also survived, it seems, and the team knows they’ve only bought a little time- at least a quarter moon, at most a lunar cycle.

The good news is, Schmidt has 2 leads as to who the moles at STV may be, given the fact that two junior associates have been doing a lot of back and forth negotiating, seemingly on behalf of BL and Shedim interests. She wants them checked out to see if/how corrupted they are. The team also does some further experimentation on the Bloodblade, and Kinnie transfers the curse to himself as a test, with only a minimal use, to keep Maddox from taking massive damage every morning. They debate passing it off to Arleesh, but hold off for now. 6 Cyl receives a new 6WT card as a bonus from Sol, and the team examines it and discusses the prophecies again. Some on the team also get some exciting new gear through Sol’s connections to the Ex-Corporate Scientist lab.

Schmidt also wants them to look into an item called the Devil’s Seal, that can supposedly close off portals to metaplanes, and which all 3 factions badly want. The shedim may not be aware of it yet, but the insect mole at STV was looking into before his death. They decide to prioritize the moles, and start digging. One of the woman, Deirdre Green, seems to be a competitor of Schmidt’s within the firm, and likely is representing the shedim as clients, but doesn’t seem to have been compromised. Shane Berkwerth, on the other hand, seems to be fully controlled by the Black Lodge. He seems to have some resentment of his situation but is using encrypted burners to set meets in the woods near Langley, and the team knows the BL has heavily infiltrated the CIA, including it’s head.

They eventually manage to track Berkwerth to one of the meets, using a combo of physical, magic, and drone surveillance, and Holly takes him out afterwards, and grabs his comm, though unfortunately is spotted by a powerful spirit that accompanied whoever he met with. Ben Maddox splits off from the team since they didn’t find a shedim infiltrator for him to target, and returns to working with Loveland on her investigations- she warns the team that he’s getting pretty gung-ho about raiding one of the shedim bases to get some revenge.

Meanwhile, in Hong Kong, Prot0 has been running some prep missions for the big raid on the Wuxing Frequency factory in Canton, and has recruited and tried out some local talent. He liked a hobgoblin decker named Hotkey, but he was forced to flee HK due to his political agitating for a Mongolian goblinized state. Prot0 recommended that Hotkey head for DeeCee, as he knew the team needed a new decker. Hotkey links up with the crew and makes introductions, he’s also a Conservatory member to they regain access to that resource. In Ethiomalia, Jonny’s extensive rebuild continues.

Back in DeeCee HK helps hack Berkwerths comm, and finds some gnarly IC on there- he nearly gets fried, but gets some comms logs helping prove Berkwerth’s status as a double agent, linked up with the surveillance data the team got, which Schmidt says will be useful if she ever had to justify her actions. Schmidt also reports that Green spotted their surveillance attempts on her and has used it as leverage for an internal power play. In order to keep her position and make peace, Schmidt has had to arrange for Green to have use of the team for an unspecified future job.

They next turn their attention to the Devil’s Seal, and get some info from the Catholics, from 6C’s secret BL knowledge, from Tarantula/000 000 000, and from HK’s matrix digging. They find a list of a half dozen potential properties that it could have wound up at, if it is indeed in DC, and start checking them out. The eccentric billionaire who owned it had diverse interests and holdings so they spend the better part of a day cruising around town before finding the site, and also discover that one of the powerful shadow spirits that they freed by killing Bryson Church has set up a trap house in the blood dust barrens with a bunch of feral ghouls, to feed on misery. There is a still a bounty posted for the spirits, so they debate taking it out, but decide to hold off. They also see that there’s a bounty posted for Holly for her murder of Berkwerth- they don’t have a perfect image, but pixies are very rare in DC.

At the likely site of the Devil’s Seal, they find a strange astral phenomena, as promised: an aspected mana void. It seems to prevent summoning and unravel bindings of spirits. They make contact with a squatter community there, and meet it’s “representative”, a scarred pale man named Cairo, who refuses to confirm they have the Seal but also refuses to hand it over or let the team further into the bank vault they call home. The bank and other nearby businesses seem to be flourishing more so that the surrounding area, though not in a super conspicuous way, and the team does some digging. Apparently Cairo and some others in the community are known to be magic users with strange powers, and have good connections to some local runners. When Guy calls around, he gets ahold of that team, who seem to be hooders, and when HK analyzes their data trails, they seem to be watching the team at the moment. They have a funny exchange where the team agrees to leave, for now, being told by the the hooders that they’d prefer not to shed blood but feel compelled to defend their friends in the bank.

They puzzle it out a bit and do more research before contacting Cairo again, and confirm that he is indeed a free spirit, and it seems like he and some others of his kind who accidentally were set free by their binders bringing the unwittingly into the Devil’s Seal’s range have made a little community there, and seek to free other spirits in their same situation. They also look after the other drifters, runners, shopkeeps and whatnot who make up their community, with magical support and protection. The team makes a complex deal, after 6C and some others insist on not fucking this community over, to get the Seal to Arleesh, in exchange for protection of the community. They get Schmidt on board by having her act as the middleman for the deal- she is upset about not gaining the Seal for the firm, but having a connection to a great dragon and some powerful free spirits is also a win. Schmidt helps get the spirits legal ID’s in jurisdictions that recognize them as entities, and Arleesh makes them her emissaries locally. STV agrees to continue upkeep of the wards and whatnot that the spirits installed in the area as a “charitable venture” funded by a donation from Arleesh.

This increases Fargus Sol’s trust in the team enough that he finally connects them with Emily Llanfrechfa, the Welsh tarot seer who makes large oil paintings of the art on the cards based on her visions. He says that if the team has visual information they need to know from a card they haven’t encountered, he can share what she has seen, which may prove helpful. They also hear back from Loveland that the shedim are worried the BL is close to acquiring, or may have, another artifact called the Sable Blade, or the Sword of Serrin Sol, which supposedly can completely destroy spirits. They do some research and find some descriptive info. Schmidt tracks down an auction where a blade matching the description is being sold, and tells the team to get there asap and acquire it for the Firm- she fears this is why the BL was willing to cooperate with the shedim temporarily after the raid on the Black Wolf- they had an expectation of acquiring this weapon which could totally wreck shedim, seemingly. Schmidt also wants them to track down Camille Rivers, aka Agent X, who has gone missing.

Toxic Alleys Part 7
3/16/2020, 1:49:23 PM
Runners
Jonny Silver
Guy
Aylin Carewell
Kinnie Zest
OverEasy
Six Cylinder
and introducing:
Holly Dazzle
and Glenn Blandly

6Cyl converses a bit more with Fargus Sol about his knowledge of strange magics, and learns some new techniques for modifying spells. The team makes a fish/algae tank with a hidden compartment to hide the Bloodblade in in the van, and make a cool quickdraw sheath for it. Kinnie and 6 Cyl finally make a few grav grenades too, and Kinnie makes arrangements with the Ex-Corp Scientists to get some more (putting them in touch with Fargus Sol to get use from his experimental magic and Tarot knowledge). Jonny gets a reminder that the Maria Mercurial show that he scored a surprise ticket to is happening that night, and takes OE with him as his +1.

Jonny goes early to hang at the parking lot tailgate, and gets roped into performing with some session musicians he knows from around town. The thrill of the crowd overcomes him, and he reveals himself as Jonny Silver, playing his biggest hit “Gun of Chrome, Heart of Gold”. The crowd loves it but the team gets really worried about the exposure. 6C warns Jonny that there’s an update to the contract against him on Hidden Blades, and OE races over with the van and some weapons to try to intervene.

Some Fear the Dark activists, upset about Frumious (the infected sasquatch who just rejoined Shield Wall, the opening act) and his tolerance and unity message, attack the crowd gathered around Jonny by unleashing feral ghouls. OE starts shooting them while the FTD members return fire, and Jonny steers the crowd away. Jonny crowd surfs to the van, grabs the bloodblade, and charges the ferals. He slays them with OE’s help, and the FTD members flee. Jonny finds that the Bloodblade heals his wounds as he does damage with it and is quite excited. He stashed it back in the van and OE takes off with the weapons before the cops show.

Jonny is ushered inside by event security (members of a local gang collective called the Triples), who thank him for saving the crowd and seem excited to meet the legendary rebel rocker in person. He gets a meeting with Maria and Shield Wall, and they chat a bit. He resists the urge to do a guest solo during Shield Wall’s set, but can’t resist during Maria Mercurial’s. He goes out for 1 ballad, and then again during the encore, despite the team’s warnings, and is shot with a white phospohrous arrow, presumably by Toast. He is then shot again with a monofil arrow while flaming. He manages to give the crowd a last thumbs up as he flatlines and is dragged offstage.

Fortunately, they had a mage onsite who revives him, but not before news goes wide of what happened. Prot0 cuts him off the TacNet and wipes his comm, just in case. The ganger security says they can smuggle him out of town if he wants to fake his own death. He looks really bad since so much of his synthskin melted, so they leak pics of his “corpse” and say they’ll deal with the cops. Jonny agrees, and calls Blitz to arrange some travel and surgery. He decides to decamp via ship for EthioMalia to get some surgical reconstruction in a relatively corp-free zone.

He decides not to tell the team or the lawfirm, fully faking his death this time, and the team mourns him, especially OE who enters a deep depression over not making Jonny leave with him. Guy reports it into the law firm, and Madeline says she’ll try to track them down a new face, and has another weird runner with some useful powers to test out in the meantime. Meanwhile, Jonny wakes up in a secret compartment on a ship with a medic he paid to ride with him, and finds that he is taking a lot of damage every day upon waking up- the medic can’t detect a poison so assumes it it magical in nature- a curse from the Bloodblade?

However, 6 Cyl wakes up and finds he is no longer taking damage every morning, so it seems the curse transfers to new bearers when they first heal from it. He warns the others and they debate what to do with the blade. For now, they decide to go train some of the newer teammates in their favorite small unit tactics down near Fredericksburg near the merc encampments. Aylin skips out (already knowing the SUT’s) to visit her dad and catch up. They meet in LA and give each other updates- her dad has embarked on dangerous quests both on the physical plane and in the astral planes, and warns Aylin about the Brotherhood of Flesh. Aylin tells him about her infection, and funds his medical care and next expedition. He gives her the box that caused her mom to become possessed by a blood shade, and she agrees to take care of it in case something happens to him.

The rest of the team meets up with Holly Dazzle, a pixie mage, who makes a very split impression on the group. Aylin makes fast friends, and a demo of Holly’s pickpocketing skills pulls OE out of his slump a bit. Kinnie’s a bit more on the fence, and 6Cyl and Guy are pretty put off by Holly’s insistence on total honesty, including their constant use of surface level mind reading. The team insists on only consensual mind-reading, which Holly agrees to, but considers strange given their upbringing in the Fey Realms. But they seem potentially useful, especially once they demo their combat spell abilities. So they train together and head back to town a few days later to continue their investigations.

There, they meet up with a strange elf, Glenn Blandly, who is apparently a corp drone by day and a thrillkill runner by night. He has 2 sapphire daggers and seems stoked to get into it with the team. He also seems really slick and charismatic, so they agree to test both him and Holly out on some future runs and report back to Schmidt. They look into Bryson Church a bit more and make plans to seek him out and try to get the dagger. For now, they decide to look into Arlington and the shedim population there for STV and Patricia Loveland.

They head over and scout it out astrally and with drones, and get some good info- it seems like the Army Thaumaturgical Corps is keeping a large astral barrier up, but that some shedim are allowed in and out, seemingly only to go into the Blood Dust Barrens. The cemetery is also under surveillance by FedPol (likely at the behest of the Black Lodge), and by some scrappy teens (likely bug cult recruits). They spot a bunch of potential entrances around the cemetery for the tunnel system they’ve heard rumored exists below. They positively ID 3 of them, but decide not to go further for the moment, fearing the background count and the unknown.

They also meet up with Ben Maddox who seems ready to rock and roll against his new enemies, the shedim. They report in to Loveland first, who trades info with them, and reports that Prot0 identified the Black Lodge mole in the ASPS here so she can operate a bit more safely now. They hook her and Maddox up and Maddox seems stoked to have a task, protecting her. They then report to the law firm and get the approval to continue digging or move on to other tasks. Schmidt suggests some ways forward if they want to proceed, and suggests that what they saw confirms that the Feds are using the shedim to clear the Barrens of bugs/toxins, and that this suggests they have some kind of protection deal with DoD or the administration.

6Cyl initiates with the Catholics, aiming to gain access to the Vigilia Evangelica’s secrets since he’s cut himself off from the BL. He learns some techniques of mystical control and also tries to convince them to be more accepting of vamps, but him and Aylin both have weird ideas of how to do that, so it doesn’t go well. Radha Ran agrees to an interview with the vampire though, which Aylin is stoked about. Holly makes a better impression on the team through this run, proving their worth (though still being a total weirdo). Jonny’s final single is released, and the team mourns in their own ways.

Aylin talks to the Catholics, and they agree to allow her on campus barring any disturbing discoveries about her, but still seem suspicious of vampires overall. They are also circumspect about the radical nature of the Boston Diocese during Lockdown, seeming a bit more aligned with Rome. Holly prepares an epic turkey feast, funded by Guy, and buys everyone personalized gifts for Black Friday, trying to ingratiate with the team. They do some research and pay for some hacking on Evelyn North and the missing Malcolm West, and figure out that the best time to spot North would be during a lunch meeting the next monday, so they focus on West for now.

Guy upgrades Berto again, and starts teaching him some new abilities. The team does a pretty bad job of checking out West’s known address, and gets spotted by the same cop who they had to bribe before outside of the Black Wolf. They agree to pay him off again, but decide to try to set up a more regular contact relationship, after 6 Cyl suggests either doing that or killing him. STV approves, so they get bribe the cop and get some useful info about West, who apparently had also previously bribed the cop not to report it. After doing some further digging, it looks like West was murdered by thrill kill gangers in the True Roman street gang, who “randomly targeted” him after being inspired to by Derrick Stokes or another of Otto Stevens’ henchmen. His body was then grabbed by a loose shedim, and it seems the shedim did not know what they had (at least initially), as they get surveillance footage of the newly possessed West lurching around with his portal key dangling from a necklace.

Schmidt wants the key, and also wants West, or at least to know where he is and what he knows now, so the team is back on the job. Luckily, they’ve finally paid down their Boston debts so they should be making better money from here on.

Toxic Alleys Part 6
3/9/2020, 2:55:38 PM
Runners
Jonny Silver
Guy
Aylin Carewell
Kinnie Zest
OverEasy
Six Cylinder

Prot0 tells the team he’s gonna stick to a behind the scenes role for the time being, while he pulls data heists for STV and others to raise funds for the Wuxing Frequency raid. He continues doing research for the team’s mission and can send along sprites to hack when needed. He passes the drone controller and surveillance drones off to the them for now, and maintains security on the tacnet remotely. He reports that him and Patricia Loveland, along with Old Crow’s info, are looking into who the Black Lodge has inserted into the local ASPS branch, as well as determining a little bit about MCT’s recent acquisition of Apep Consortium: apparently a large impetus was Apep’s good relationship with shedim, which will allow MCT further metaplanar access and security. He also passes along an invitation to join the Exchange in thanks for sharing CFD cures, and the team agrees.

The team continues on the mission to hunt down Cameron Faulkner, the rival junior partner at STV, and find out who he’s been working with outside of the Firm. Using the contacts they made with some of his disgruntled former assistants, they ID his car and driver, and eventually spot him slipping out of STV. Guy tails him to a meet deeper downtown, at the Ares Logistics building, and Jonny spots him meeting Otto Stevens/Hendricks’ assistant before being ushered in. They set an ambush for his exit, and quickly take out both him and his driver. Jonny debuts the crystal bloodblade in action, and it is terrifyingly effective. It seems like it will heal injuries the bearer has by dealing damage.

They flee successfully, and report to Schmidt. She is worried about leaks, and assumes that since Ares (and thereby at least some of the bugs) had a spy, it’s likely that the Black Lodge and shedim have one or more each as well. She says she will begin an internal investigation (with Iain Decker and Jan St John assisting), while the team tries to spot any potential leaks from the outside, while they continue their investigations. 6 Cyl decides that it’s time to fake his death as well to escape Mr. Woods and the Black Lodge, and sets up a fake hit by Ancients, where Jonny and Aylin in disguise throw him off of a bridge, while Zuri Adamson waits underwater to smuggle him upriver, where Guy picks him up and takes him to the Probe’s surgical suite of the day, and Leanna Octave implants him with cyber-eyes and does some cosmetic alteration, making him into an elf poser, to throw off astral and visual tracking. He gets some tips in counter-surveillance form Schmidt, Jonny and others as well- changing his walk etc. He also ditches his signature duster, and mods his revolver.

While 6C is healing, Schmidt calls and says her suspicions about Faulkner seem correct- someone attacked and largely destroyed Bryson Church’s manor the previous night (after Faulkner’s meeting with Otto), which suggests it was either bugs, or Otto learned from the BL pulling one over on him and sicced the shedim on Church. Rumors suggest Church wasn’t killed, but Schmidt wants them to go look into it. They roll over and do some investigation. It looks like 2 heavy vans rolled up, and left quickly a little lighter, suggesting some casualties in the assault team. There are some destroyed rapid reponse sec drones scattered around the manor lawn, suggesting that the assaulters fled during the first response wave from external security. And astral space clearly shows use of magic and traces of shedim, answering that question, though strangely it seems that there were 3 shedim on 1 side of the brawl and a dozen on the other.

The team gets worried about internecine squabbles between Masters, but then remembers that Church was known to have a powerful item called the Dagger of Hivas Set in his possession, which he supposedly used to bind some spirits to his service. Perhaps these were the 3 shedim on the 1 side. 6C confirms that he has heard of this dagger within BL lore, and provides some description and ideas about it’s use and history. OE confirms that there’s a blood magic vibe near the center of the fighting, which seems to be the display room that Gabriel Ives described where the dagger was kept when Church was home. However, no sign of any combatants besides shedim remains, so they assume Church (and the dagger) escaped unharmed. OE also spots some kind of hermetic mage cleansing astral space of the traces of the fight, and ko’s or kills him before he can spot the rest of the team.

They report to Schmidt, confirming her suspicions and convincing her to double down on the mole hunt. She acknowledges that her and the team have become somewhat tied together and significantly decreases their debt to the Firm. They then get word that Bravo Company successfully extracted Fargus Sol from HeadHunter captivity in the MCZ in Boston, and are bringing him to DC before figuring out next steps. Guy upgrades the van interior, and they plan to use it as a mobile safehouse before finding a permanent spot elsewhere for Sol to lay low. The last contract Woods offered 6C was for capturing or killing Sol, so they warn Bravo about that as well.

They meet up in the fancy (and magically secured) parking lot for the 4 Seasons Skytouch tower, and make the swap from an unmarked Bravo Company sedan and plain-clothes HRT to the van with no trouble. Sol proves to be knowledgeable and voluble, happy to discuss Tarot and other mysteries. Aylin gives him an honest reading telling him not to trust them over himself, and he appreciates the honesty. They mindlink and swap a bunch of Tarot info, and he also gives them the last card in his possession- he says he is primarily interested in knowledge and the deck’s origins, rather than the profits to be made therein. He warns them about the dangers of items summoned with the deck, including the crystal bloodblade, but confirms that many other sets exist, and validates Aylin’s map theories. He says that he has a friend with a secure vault if they find any dangerous items they want kept safe. They agree to continue collaborating, though he seems invested in ensuring their relative morality before considering them “friends.”

He warns Aylin about the elf supremacists at the top of the Atlantean Foundation (though he says the org also does some good), but suggests she consider writing for a more freelance conspiracy rag, and puts her in touch with Ramona Cubbins at the All-Seeing Eye. He is also maybe the 2nd most powerful mage OE has ever seen, an offers to teach them invented spells from his personal grimoire if they stick together. OE calls up Imaginary Annie and arranges to trade some tarot info to her in exchange for her securing a safehouse and secure comms channel for Sol in Seattle. He also agrees to help her look into Prophecy 3, related to the Tower card. She tells them there’s always work in Seattle if they ever get out that way.

Toxic Alleys Part 5
2/18/2020, 5:54:52 PM
Runners
Prot0
Jonny Silver
Guy
Aylin Carewell
Kinnie Zest
OverEasy
and introducing: Six Cylinder

The team continues investigations for the law firm, contacting Sahara Jones to find out why she fed false info about bug hives to ARES. They help her get blackmail dirt to sway votes her Rep’s way, and then learn that she was magically compelled to do so. It traces back to shedim, and also tips them off to a possible BL hangout: the Black Wolf bar. They get Jones some Grey Mana clothes to protect her from future spells and she gives them a Tarot card in thanks.

Prot0 uploads all his info on the Null Sect and the Tan Robes to the Endless Archive, in exchange for info on both groups and some other stuff. However, the Archive comes under attack from the Null (though they don’t seem able to enter, it is now quite dangerous to access), and the Conservatory is crashed, and one of it’s founders killed. In light of this and the situation in Denver, Perri tells Prot0 he needs to find a new host, so he reaches out to Garmonbozia, and they agree in exchange for some tasks. Prot0 also joins Ta Makrinia through Leanna Octave of the Probe, and tells GB that TM would be easy to manipulate as they seek hidden God AI’s.

Next up, they finally find Patricia Loveland, and trade a ton of shedim info for promising help determine who the BL has infiltrated into the local ASPS. Based on her info, it seems like master shedim are gathering in DC much the same as Bug hives: worrying. They learn about the different types of shedim, and also the 3 main shedim locales in town: the Stoked Hearth club, Downtown, and Arlington Cemetery. They are also paying to amass “body stashes” around town. Zenith is hiring for these jobs, so the team warns him about shedim but he seems non-plussed.

Prot0 spits off to deal with Null-destroyed Conservatory, and gives the last doses of the CFD cure to the local Exchange to fight off the CFD-infected faction. It seems like the Exchange may have sicc’ed the Turing Army of some of the hardcases, as new that the TA took out an Exchange safehouse outside Hamburg and killed ThankYou starts circulating. Prot0 begins rebuilding the Conservatory in Garmonbozia, and starts making some interesting contacts there. He continues doing data jobs for the law firm as well, saving up for the run against the Wuxing Frequency factory in Canton.

The team stakes out the Black Wolf, accompanied by a Rogue Lodge member named 6 Cylinder, who seems like kind of a noob but the lawfirm wants the team to test him out. He seems bummed about having killed someone who challenged him in a gunfight earlier in the day. They do some magical observation, but get chased of by a crooked FedPol officer, who insists on a bribe. They then grab Johnny, after he meets with Cass Wandering Horse, and updates him on the Crying Masks situation. He says he’ll reach out to some folks and try to find out more about the Tan Robes for Jonny.

They do a better job infiltrating socially into the Black Wolf with Jonny along, and make contact with the bartender, a neo-Anarchist named Old Crow who is running his own investigation. They agree to share info, and learn that the enclosed side alley has a convergence of leylines and quarter-moon gatherings of BL members. They share lists of known BL members, and Old Crow says he’ll keep an eye out for the ones they’re looking for. They also get a lot of security info about the bar itself.

The team decides to fake an assassination order from 6C’s BL handler, and give the guy to the law firm, hoping he’ll provide some good info on the BL and the Black Wolf if they save his life. They set up a quality fake hit, with fake DocWagon gear, Slab, and everything. They pull it off, but notice Toast lurking nearby- seemingly Mr. Woods is worried about 6C’s wavering loyalty, though he seems to believe that he’s in the fold for now, and rewards him with a book of the secret history of the connections between BL and the Catholic Church.

Since OE has been training to fight spirits with the Catholics at Georgetown, this puts them a bit at odds, as 6C is very curious about their secrets and lies after reading the book, and seems worryingly interested in staying in touch with the BL to gain further knowledge. The law firm tells them to come in for a debrief with Gabriel Ives, the man they saved, when they have a chance. However, they’ve acquired a bunch of Tarot cards – 1 gifted to Prot0 after a Fractal rave with Garmonbozia members (also the Conservatory is finally back online), 2 from Cass Wandering Horse, related to the FBI task force looking into Group X (the team also gets some info), and they hear that there’s one more in possession of a Bright Star member in Anacostia, which will complete their crystal blade set.

They head out, and use their good Neo-A rep and connections with Ratched to get the card from a suave french elf named Midnight, who charms Jonny. Guy finds out about the artifact watch that Ratched inherited from Adelbern also, and tells Prot0 and Jonny, against Ratched’s wishes. Jonny uses his old ID and rep to pull one more expended card projector from the IOND in Denver, commiserating with Darien Black about PPJ. Using his old ID in this way makes him want to do more Jonny Silver stuff again. They head back to the safehouse and assemble the crystal blade set, summoning the Crystal Bloodblade. They all buy swords and Guy pays from some classes to learn to use them. They also mod the boat to have a smuggling compartment, and help STV extract the 2 surviving members of FBI task force 154 after 2 are killed by Group X.

They also call into Neon Ascension again, as one of the hosts got really into Tarot stuff, and is in hiding. They ask for info and provide a contact dropbox. The 2 hosts they talk to are killed shortly thereafter, but they get a buncha Tarot info from the surviving host, and find out that the Headhunters have a Tarot expert in their custody (if he’s still alive) and get another Tarot card hinting at his survival, when 6C gets a contract to recover or kill him from Mr. Woods. They make contact with Rifleman/Bravo Company and give them the tip about the expert, and he says they’ll look for him with 6C’s info and report back.

Aylin realizes the monolith/stone in the corner of 1 card looks suspiciously similar to the chunk of the Cornerstone that they helped Adelbern steal in Boston, and wonders if the other pictures depict other chunks or something else. Based on Fargus Sol also being depicted on the card, Aylin tips off Rifleman that Sol was likely in Boston recently, is now, or will be soon, to give him a lead where to seek the Headhunters. The team trains and experiments with the Bloodblade a bit, but doesn’t manage to figure out how it works, though it seems like a quality sword.

They decide to investigate the Telestrian card in order to potentially leverage some info about the Compensation Army, and end up preventing Alyse Depore from getting assassinated, unfortunately Aster Telestrian gets a bolt through the head from the troll assassin, 6Cyl manages to take out his getaway driver but he escapes. They Debrief Alyse, who seems not too bummed to be free of the abusive Aster, and gives them a little info, as well as another tarot card. She also calls in a chopper ride from Cara Villiers, and tells them that Cara will do them a favor sometime in thanks. Guy tries to make a friend, but Alyse leaves shortly for Seattle (though she seems to like Berto, after riding him around a while in his moto form).

The team then returns to STV and debriefs Schmidt on some tarot updates (she says that STV has successfully scooped up the 2 Task Force 154 survivors and is expanding their tarot knowledge thereby). They get a useful Q&A in with Gabriel Ives, who tells them all he know about the local Black Lodge in thanks for extracting him. They get useful info on a few jobs they’re working, and make some followup plans. Schmidt also wants them to deal with (in whatever fashion) a rival junior partner, so they start looking into him. They pass along the relevant BL info to Old Crow as promised, and he says he’s skipping town cause he’s worried the BL may be close to making him. He gives them another tarot card and tells them to seek out the Arcane 3 if they ever find themselves in Chicago.

Toxic Alleys Part 4
1/20/2020, 7:30:24 PM
Runners
Prot0
Jonny Silver
Guy
Aylin Carewell
Kinnie Zest
OverEasy

The team distributes the Null Doc (on paper) to 2 Minds, The Probe, Garmonbozia (in case they’re Boston operatives haven’t been able to get it out), and Master File (The Swamp mod), as well as reporting on the Turing Army connection. They find out that Leanna Octave (and perhaps other Probe-ers) appear to be Singularity Seekers, and view the Null and the rumored return of Deus in Boston as signs of the approaching event. They also get access to The Swamp (finally) and update Erika Knowles. Knowles tells them that she’s covered Guy’s tracks, but that he now has an Interpol Red Notice out for his arrest for shedim assistance (with his old, slightly different aura readings attached), so he should be especially cautious about international travel. She also reports that there is a new alliance between the Ordo Maximus and shedim forces in Prague- one drains bodies, and the other inhabits, so makes sense, but creepy.

The team decides to update their safehouse security and goes further into debt with STV to add some charged wards to protect against spirits. Guy buys a bird to throw through the ward to test if it will kill it, which doesn’t work, and gets everyone worried about his growing psycopathy. Aylin heads to West Virginia to train with some mercs and gain her first Horrorstalker ability, and Ratched heads out to help Equity and Bright Star in the Anacostia Barrens. Prot0 gets an update on the run he funded- the Hong Kong fixer Ratqueen reports that local runners traced the Wuxing production line around the Canton Confederation and found the unlisted offline factory in Guangzhou where the Frequency commlinks are made. Ratqueen also puts Prot0 in touch with a techno-tribe in HK called the Whampoa in case he wants to take more action against this dangerous device, and suggests that the device has put a dent in her (and other fixers’) income, since HK is a huge port and TM’s have traditionally been a big part of the runner scene. The rest of the team preps to raid the data vault, after going over the rest of their available jobs’ status.

OE scouts it out a bit more, and starts following the roving wagemage, hoping to find his home base to KO him before the mission, but gets spotted and then returns to find his body taken over by a shedim. He manages to expel the shedim, but not before it almost kills his body in revenge. Prot0 races his med-tank over and barely saves him in time (thanks TacNet!), and they delay the job another day, though they have good security recon done. They make a plan while Jonny plays another open mic- he’s attracting a local rep, but also some controversy now due to his embrace of 2 Minds, so there are some Purist protestors. He also makes contact anonymously with Ceol Productions to help get 2 Minds signed there, and hears that Blitz is looking for him, not believing his faked death any longer. The team also gets 2 Tarot cards, and does some digging, finding out some behind the scenes drama about the popular sitcom “Coffee Clutch” and getting another clue towards the crystal bloodblade.

They head back to the data vault the next night, timing their approach to the maximum downtime in the astral patrol (newly heightened since OE got spotted), and drop Kinnie on the roof with the Dustoff drone and some looper rounds. He takes out cameras as the team sneaks up under spirit concealment, and the KO the 2 guards and the barghest in the camera dead zone (which they know doesn’t have signal to the inside since the guards were using hand signals on camera to communicate) and then cover the KO’ed security with ghillie blankets equipped with jammers. Prot0 hacks the front door and they enter.

Another barghest smells Kinnie, who isn’t concealed, and lets loose a howl which paralyzes a few team members. They ’re able to pull it together enough to KO another guard patrol and kill the dog. They head through the rest of the facility as an alarm kicks in and the entrance locks down. Guy manages to manipulate concrete to drop out the vault door sealing the central core, and the team finds themselves heavily jammed. However, the final guards appear to be holed up in a security room so they leave them be and focus on the hack. Kinnie makes the terminal accessible, and Prot0 dives in with a sprite, figuring out how to interface with the decade-outdated system as he goes. Kinnie heads back up front to blow the door as gas begins to pour into the hallway the team is in. Guy lockpicks open the room into the coolant chamber with all the hard drives and summons an air spirit to keep the gas off Prot0 while he hacks.

Prot0 gets the data and tries to go back for more, but Guy sends his spirit in to wreck the equipment, so Prot0 flees the matrix and the gas, and the team makes a tight getaway just ahead of the FedPol cops showing up. They detour through the Barrens to loose astral and matrix pursuers, and pass the data off the STV. This gives them 3 more names to investigate: it seems some shedim operatives were using the data vault, and have ID’ed 2 local Black Lodge members, and are interested in another woman as well…

Toxic Alleys Part 3
1/17/2020, 8:56:57 PM
Runners
Prot0
Jonny Silver
Guy
Aylin Carewell
Kinnie Zest
OverEasy

The team decides to deal with the Crying Mask assassination attempt first, and looks into it further. They make contact with Master File, the admin of a local shadow VPN, and trade some info for info on the target, as well as making plans to gain longterm access in the near future. MF also wants them to look into the Turing Army, as does The Probe technofetishist gang, who Kinnie and Prot0 go to for some surgery. Guy and Prot0 take Long Haul, and with OE and Jonny as backup, cruise around in the van watching for the convoy.

They day before Halloween, they spot it, get ahead of it, and spot the ambush setup ahead. They manage to clear a bunch of civilians out of the way surreptitiously, and Prot0, Aylin and Jonny collab on a quality press release and con blaming Ghostwalker for the attack., Prot0 hacks a ZDF badge on one of the attackers just for a second, and they flee the scene as a massive gunfight breaks out. The military seems to get the best of the runners, but an arrow hits a target in one of the armored cars (Toast?). However, the con seems to hold, and GW publicly gets the blame.

This leads to a lot of issues as GW retaliates against people mocking and threatening him, FedPol and military police get into a very public squabble, and the Crying Masks try to take credit and fail, but lose a safehouse and many members to GW’s wrath. The team then begins looking into the Compensation Army in the Anacostia Barrens on Ratched’s behalf (Equity is trying to make headway amongst their number with a leftist perspective), and finds that there is suspiciously well-supplied inner circle, who seem to have connections to a tumor spirit- Black Lodge affiliation perhaps!

The team buys a boat to have a sneaky way to investigate the CA further, and sets up a recon base on an island in the Anacostia river, inside the Barrens. They find a way in through an abandoned drainage tunnel from the factory (now the Old Republic CA HQ). They infiltrate the pipe, and Guy and Prot0 levitate up and sneak through an astral ward. Ratched finds the missing Equity member’s corpse. Prot0 hacks into the system through a camera up top, and gets some info: the top floor of the factory is sectioned off, with no surveillance, and the armory has better gear than most of the guards, including equipment similar to the Bone Ninja’s loadout. He also finds a delivery record showing regular resupplies but no payments, but who’s sending them is unclear.

They decide to leave and not push it further, but alert astral security after triggering the ward. A massive tumor spirit traps the team in the tunnel, and almost kills OE and Aylin. Luckily OE and Guy deal massive damage with spells and astral combat, and the spirit retreats to the astral to surveil the team and avoid disruption. They flee, killing 1 and knocking out 5 CA guards on the way. The hire the IOND to help them ditch the tumor spirit and not bring it to the safehouse. Guy sends Berto the car spirit to get Lys to also help.

The dead Equity member was also missing some organs, surgically-removed, which Prot0 spotted in jars. These are likely being used as hosts for more tumor spirits. They confirm this suspicion with Madeline Schmidt, who they sell the info too, after Ratched also reports into Equity and gets the OK. She also makes contact with the local Bright Star chapter, and convinces Equity to allow them to do some basic security work for them at least. Ratched agrees with Bullseye, the local Bright Star, that although they want to live in Equity’s world, it isn’t the one they live in right now and some nastier things sometimes need to be done to get there. Ratched is thinking about leaving the team and these look like some good options.

Lys and Berto show up at the IOND and chat with Guy, Lys is doing much better after getting clear of Boston. He agrees to distract the tumor spirirt while the team gets back to the safehouse to rest up. Aylin takes a few days to recover, while the rest of the team catches up on personal biz. They witness various protests and continuations of the drama they started by blaming GW, and get warned not to look into the archer assassin Toast too publicly due to his handlers being dangerous people. They hear about a concert by the monad synth-country artist(s) Two Minds, and decide to attend, hoping they can scope out some potential Turing Army supports amidst the protestors outside.

OE also does some recon for one of their jobs for STV- scouting a data vault that they need to hit. Looks like low astral security, but well-done. They head to the venue, a dingy roadside blues bar (the previous venue and opener having cancelled due to Purists protests), and make a security plan. Guy and Aylin take the dock and riverside, OE and Ratched take the front entry and parking lot, Prot0 and Kinnie do overwatch from the roof, and Jonny works inside. He also talks his way into an opening slot, semi-on purpose. They eventually spot some TA goons amidst the Purists protestors using a laser designator on the venue, and Guy manages to blow a drone missile out of the sky with an impressive lightning bolt.

The detonation scares off most of the protestors, but Guy manages to capture the rigger missile launcher with an air spirit, and OE and Ratched grab one of the ones up top (though Ratched becomes heavily meme’d and has to change her look significantly). They call into their local Garmonbozia contact, who requests they get some info from the 2 captures and suggests working with The Probe to do so. The team also reports that Aylin read one of the minds of a goon who got away and knows where their safehouse is, and Prot0 reports this. He is is then sent a live feed from a drone missile as it annihilates an apartment just as 2 men walk in fresh from the protests- 1 goon they recognize and 1 they didn’t spot.

They take the 2 captured TA goons to the location provided by The Probe, which turns out to be a medical industry crematorium just south of Bethesda. Leanna Octave awaits them, and says she has prepped various options for them. They decide to use gamma scopolamine combined with Aylin’s mind probe, not wanting to become the monsters they are fighting in resorting to torture. They find out that the recent resurgence of the TA is largely due to them getting matrix support from the Null Sect (though the TA doesn’t seem to know who or what exactly they have made a deal with…). This is disturbing, and the team tries to warn those they can, printing off some more paper copies of the Null Doc to distribute.

Prot0 also pays Guy to start going to therapy, and finds a good, expensive, and VERY discrete therapist to hire. It seems to be helping. Some of the rest of the team wonder why Prot0 isn’t one of the ones seeking some assistance…

Toxic Alleys Part 2
1/17/2020, 11:29:35 AM
Runners
Prot0
Jonny Silver
Guy
Aylin Carewell
Kinnie Zest
OverEasy

The team reports back to STV, gets paid, and gives the after action report. Madeline Schmidt gives them their review (kill less teens, be more subtle, good job otherwise basically) and tells them about some followup opportunities: digging into Sahara Jones, following a Shedim expert named Patricia Loveland, and looking further into Otto Stevens’ connections at a lobbyists gala. They decide to do the gala first, as it’s the only scheduled one.

First though, they decide to follow up on the link in Kinnie’s comm, and head to the Dark Side club (which seems to have either relocated or have a DeeCee branch as well), and catch a limo ride over by clicking the icon. They are attacked by some sort of tumor adept, who infects Aylin and Prot0 after Aylin slices him in half with their whip and he bursts all over them. They cut the regrowing tumor tissue out before it can take hold, but are creeped out- is this connected to the cancer spirit that followed OE before?

They head into the club through the magical door-guard, and are told they each get one wish. They also drink and dance. OE gets some on the-DL quality implants, Aylin gets a tarot card, Prot0 gets Kaze Adeki’s private commcode, Guy gets a strange scroll wrapped around an orichalcum rod to help with his astral quest, Jonny learns to play Seelie Court style microtonal music and adapts his guitar, & Kinnie gets tickets and a box for game 6 of the World Series. Kinnie leaves early and is surprised when his friends don’t return for 2 days, though they thought they were only there for an evening.

They race to get ready for the gala, and prep their disguises, fake ID’s, and plan. They roll over, using their arms dealer/lobbyist fake ID’s, and implement the plan- Prot0 and Aylin (in mist form in a briefcase) sneak off from the main group to find the ops center to hack the secure comms node for the event. The rest of the team starts making careful observation of who seems likely to be comm-ing at the same time so they can figure out who’s secretly talking to each other. Jonny also makes an introduction with Sahara Jones to follow up further.

Aylin mists into the ops center after they dodge some guards and plants a data tap. Prot0 hacks the comms log and gets the info but then gets chased off by some guards and has to hide in a bathroom to finish up while Aylin exfiltrates in mist form. The rest of the team eventually makes their exit and they escape. The law firm thanks them for the data, and notes that as an added bonus they’ve ID’ed a data vault they’d like the team to hit as well. The team also gets some sidework offers from Cass Wandering Horse (look into local Crying Masks activities, and looking into the Turing Army and the Exchange for Garmonbozia.

They look into CM activities a bit first, and find out that they’re hiring multiple amoral runner teams locally to assassinate a DoD official named Ronald Despain, known as “Dragonslayer” for doing exactly that. They bribe Zenith for some info, but he won’t give them specifics due to professional pride. Prot0 also passes off the Null Sect document in paper form to Ladybug from the Nexus, as well as receiving delivery of the Wuxing Frequency comm he hired runners to steal. He unwisely turns it out and sees that it’s being tracked, and advises the team to leave the bar. They all saw that PepperJack died in ep 2 of Temple of Terror on the trid but are unable to stay for a commemorative drink due to worrying about what might be coming down.

They return to the safehouse and Prot0 tries to hack the comm but gets ko’ed by the massive sprite he tries to compile and has to get some cyber-organ replacements to survive. He gives up for now. Zenith and OE both report spotting some corpsec looking goons looking around where the comm has been but they don’t seem to have an exact location, so they hope they’re safe for now. Erika Knowles reports back after the team investigates the potential bug hive that Stokes knew the location of, and reports that it is indeed bugs. Knowles reported it to Anne Ravenheart, who told Sticks about it. The team finds Reconstruction footage of someone in an armored chemsuit raiding the church in the Blood Dust Barrens with a FAB-III thrower while some local ghouls run security for him (presumably immune to the Blood Dust, though not the FAB).

This leaves a fovae behind, but the BD barrens are already pretty fucked, so everyone just decides to stay away. Knowles also warns the team about a FedPol investigation into Guy, and says that she made contact with the Ex-Corporate Scientists and has access to their experimental lab if the team needs anything. Kinnie is excited and starts ordering bits to fiddle with. Jonny plays some open mics and starts building a rep for his new weird music under his new SIN. Aylin and Guy try to go to the metaplanes for Guy’s astral quest, Aylin gets past the Dweller but Guy does not (he can’t confront his core trauma honestly).

Aylin gets to the astral crossroads city of Penn Yan on the plane of man, and finds that STV, The Continental, and Tru-13/MCT all have offices there. MCT seems to be buying harvested materials from other planes. Aylin goes into the STV branch and tries to figure out where Guy is , or his spirit lawyer. They can’t help much, but Aylin does hire a beast spirit tracker named Yellowbone to try to find what happened to her mom. Meanwhile, Jonny and Prot0 encourage Guy to just make contact with his spirit lawyer from the material plane.

He does- Bartholomew Barkins shows up, summoned by the burning of an incense containing his true name. Barkins and Guy chat, and Guy finds out that the scroll he got at Dark Side is a contract with a shedim warlord to provide his car spirit’s true name in exchange for getting to use Guy’s body for 1 8-hour period of sleep. Guy instantly agrees. Barkins facilitates the signing and tries to encourage Guy to talk about his experience with the Dweller, but he won’t.

Guy returns to the team, and fills them in. He flies to Paris, has a nice day, and the goes to sleep. He wakes up in Prague with a lot less money, and flies home. Aylin reads his memory, and sees what the shedim did- withdrew funds onto credsticks at a United Bank of Panama branch, purchases a bunch of arms and armor in some woods, trades the guns for some bodies in Prague, and summons shedim to inhabit them. They wear the armor and head out, as the possessor gets to a train station just before Guy gains control. Disturbing, but Guy seems fine overall, though a little shedim-tainted.

He bonds with his ally car spirit, and gains a new connection. Aylin hears back from Yellowbone, and finds out her mom was possessed by a blood shade. Aylin confronts her father about this, and finds out that he has been trying to find a way to bring her back and failing, and didn’t want to tell Aylin because blood shades love to feast on people genetically related to them, and he worried for her safety. Aylin and her dad make peace and agree to keep looking.

Temple of Terror III
12/23/2019, 11:17:08 AM
RUNNERS
PepperJack

Meanwhile, PPJ has awoken to find himself inside the crystal island, seemingly reshaping itself at will to host the 3rd annual Taco Temple: Temple of Terror competition. There are 36 contenders, down to 35 at the first meeting after a Knights of the Red Branch member tries to strangle and Ancient and is impaled by crystal. The group splits into 6 teams (1 5-person, the rest 6). Everyone is allowed one single item of their choosing. The first test begins: each team enters it’s own door off the meeting room, and finds a central chamber with 5 halls leading off, variously traversible.

It takes different teams different amounts of time, but they all eventually realize that only 5 people of the 6 are leaving, and leave 1 member behind (except for the team with a Centurion, who refuses to believe a sacrifice is necessary and stays behind to look for the 6th way out, and the 5 person team who seems confused by the other teams’ stress). There is a sign telling them to say a series of short phonetic phrases for a language they don’t recognize as they leave. One contestant tries to race through a door without saying the phrase and is speared by crystal. They return to the central chamber and have time to heal and socialize, as well as get a second single item for the second test.

This one puts the teams into pairs of doors, adjacent to another team. There are only four corridors, but some of the teams figure out that they can access the adjacent teams’ chamber and use their exits as well if they eliminate or incapacitate some of that team. So 8 exits total for 10 team members. Unfortunately, PPJ is gunned down and abandoned by his team during this test. Thus culled, the teams return to heal and socialize further, now with some bad blood. Beware of the example on the first day, noone tries anything in the central chamber though.

The next test splits the teams again- there are 3 passages, 2 descending, 1 ascending, each guarded by a cloaked gene-modded basilisk. Some teams work together, some go their own way, but most teams end up fighting the basilisks, remembering some hints from mythology, or bypassing them (though this requires the sacrifice of an appendage to exit). They return to the central chamber and find a few extra people missing. They heal, missing limbs are replaced with cyber, and they prepare for the 4th test, each getting a new item again.

This time it’s a free for all brawl, with only 12 exits for 18 contenders. Some race for the exits, some teams try to work together, some gun others down. The exits seem to activate as contestants are eliminated, but the center of the arena is a bloodbath, and only 10 contestants make it out. As the exit, they are required to recall and recite some strange phrases they’ve been prompted to speak as the passed each previous door. The teams split into pairs based on who survived (only 5 teams remain) for the fifth test.

The teams, 1 at a time, enter a small chamber with a single exit. Most of the teams decide this is it, and race to draw down on their erstwhile friend faster than the other can. However, one team refuses to fight, and both exit successfully. 6 contestants remain for the final test. They all get 1 more item, and a lifetime supply of Taco Temple (limited to 1 meal per day). They find themselves in the midst of a completely smooth crystal floor with 6 lit alcoves along the outside. One contestant races out of the center and chucks a grav-grenade back into the middle.

Most of the other scatter, but 2 remain. 1 of them, a Mystic Crusader, uses his launch skyward to scout the terrain and gun down enemies, taking out the grenade thrower, a Wicked parkourier, and a Roxxx ganger who had all made it this far. A sneaky CFD dwarf makes it to an alcove, and finds a huge platter of tacos, and eats them as quickly as possible, and starts sneaking back to the center, feeling a pull that direction in their belly. The powerful mage Cigam also reaches an alcove and wolfs the tacos, but is spotted by the Mystic Crusader on exit and gunned down.

The MC makes it to an alcove, but is trapped inside after the sneaky dwarf successfully returns to the center and is lowered through the floor. The MC tries to eat but the small chamber fills with tacos and it seems utterly hopeless. The dwarf JT is announced as the winner, earning the million nuyen prize and transport out of Boston! The rest of the contestants are thanked for their participation, and “sent home”, though no reports of them actually being seen are accessible (but hey, it’s Boston so who knows…)

Toxic Alleys
12/11/2019, 4:14:55 PM
Runners
Prot0
Jonny Silver
Guy
Aylin Carewell
Kinnie Zest
OverEasy

The team spends some time tracking down Agent X, following hints to a local runner named Wandering Horse. Him and Jonny have a tense meeting, while OE notices in astral that WH is well-defended by air spirits in case anything goes awry. However, he seems happy to part with his info, once they prove they are “friends” of Maddox’s and not seeking Agent X to harm her. They get some ID info and background- she’s some kind of government hacker who’s gone rogue recently, Firewatch and others are looking for her and there is a bounty out.

Aylin also calls in to the Neon Ascension conspiracy podcast and crafts a subtle hint to try to get Agent X to a meeting, based on the personal info they discover. The shedim keep hassling Prot0 for more info, so he calls STV and asks them to negotiate on the team’s behalf, figuring they can make a better choice of what info to share (or not). Aylin goes solo to the meet, but has the team on standby nearby in case of emergency. Agent X sends a drone but agrees to cooperate, seemingly excited that the team is looking into some of the same things as her.

She warns of a congregation of powerful insect spirits in DC and some sort of unification of the different hives. She has ID’ed 2 prominent figures involved, the sleazy elf Stokes and someone else she merely calls “ARES man.” The team decides to track Stokes down by surveilling the shelter the two teens they killed were from, and also agree to keep an eye out for 2 more missing teens that Agent X/Camille Rivers seems attached to.

They scout the shelter a bit, but don’t see any signs, so they hack into an internal comms log and find records that some employees were concerned about a sleazy elf hanging around nearby and approaching kids as they leave. So the team follows some kids leaving on foot, and spots them entering a dilapidated building (& meeting Stokes?) a short distance away. Jonny tries to sneak around the side but gets spotted by Stokes, who invisibly KO’s him with manabolts, proving to be a reasonably powerful mage. Guy, hanging back, spots some FedPol detectives roll up to the school in an unmarked car, it seems the cops are on this too…

Ptor0 tracks the fleeing Stokes with his drone swarm whilehe & Aylin chase on foot, and OE keeps an eye in astral. Kinnie approaches Jonny to see what he can do and finds that Stokes trapped the body with Jonny’s own foam explosive. Him and Guy manage to verrrrry carefully shape concrete under Jonny while cutting him out of his clothes and lift him off the foam explosive without detonating it, and they bring the van around to where the others have caught up to Stokes. Aylin cuts off one of his legs with the monofil, but he shoots her with a sawed-off in response, so Prot0 KO’s him with Stick’n’Shock. Aylin quickly reads his mind and finds out what he’s been up to.

He was sent to DeeCee to lay some groundwork for a man named Otto Stevens, who is “Ares Man”. Stokes wants to become an insect shaman, and it seems Stevens has been leading him along with promises that he can make this happen (whether or not he actually can). Stokes has been kidnapping and recruiting from various at-risk communities around the sprawl to make friends of all the local insect hives, in preparation for what, he doesn’t know. The team, disgusted by this slimy elf, kills him and sells the remains to a ghoul-run meat shop in Potomac called “Special’s Meats” that they are referred to by STV.

Next, they rest and heal and then research Stevens, who also used to go by Hendricks, it seems. He seems to either be a double or triple agent, working with Ares against bugs, or with bugs against Ares from the inside. They set up a meet, and find that he has an impressive office with a commanding view of downtown. He and Jonny have an intense and somewhat intimidating convo where Stevens claims to be a deep cover Ares operative using his knowledge of and connection to bug hives to turn them against the Black Lodge and Shedim in DeeCee (as well as each other) before destroying them. He offers up his own explanations for the Ford’s Theater debacle, and hints that there is a powerful magical shadow war on the brink of kicking off in DC, so he encourages the team to tell their employers to dig further if they want to maintain the peace.

He gives them one name, a woman he says is responsible for the bad tip about the Ford’s Theater: Sahara Jones. The team prepares to report back to STV, get paid, and see if they want to hire them to keep digging.

Data Dump and DeeCee
12/2/2019, 10:47:35 AM
Runners
Prot0
Jonny Silver
Guy
Aylin Carewell
Kinnie Zest
OverEasy
Ratched

The team, while healing up at STV’s offices, sells all the varied data they’ve accumulated from the ECSE, as well as some stuff they’ve compiled from the larger Boston area over their stay. They sell Smedley deets on ECSE facility defense and layout, Erika Knowles gets Null Sect info (and an offer to smuggle her out which she accepts, returning the team a bit to her good graces), Prot0 also arranges to meet a Nexus courier in DeeCee in 2 weeks to pass along the info as well (as it wouldn’t be safe online), Jackpoint and Nexus TM’s and hackers pony up to buy the foundation creation/100 data and keep it out of corp hands (for now), they sell Mayor Meghan the MCT torture and experiments info for her to use as a bargaining chip, they pass along the result of the MCT torture to Nexus with the understanding that noone should profit off of that, but that if the info is erased someone will likely do it again, EVO gets the p-soft training CFD “cure” data, SK gets the Project Abyss and PAX info (and quickly Thor strikes an AZT black lab on the 128 corridor), and the team decides to hold onto their info about Lilith for now while they do more digging. Prot0 puts out some tentative feelers on that.

For all of this, they each take home over half a mil and leave a sizable chunk in their team fund and drone repair/replacement fund. They stock up on gear, ammo, etc, and both Kinnie and Jonny fake their own deaths, with a lot more people noticing Jonny doing so (tributes begin pouring in, though the corps consider it another terrorist down). STV gets them all a few new ID’s (plenty of opportunity in Boston), and they don’t tell many people where they’re going. They arrange to smuggle all their forbidden/restricted and obvious gear in a shipping container via the Yakuza to the massive Potomac Yards facility in DC, which is Yakuza controlled. They also pack Liam’s motorcycle and Erika Knowles in there, and arrange to bring Lys with them on the flight out. They introduce Genowefa Gale to Mama, Gale handles the surprise well and begins negotiating to represent the interests of Mama’s Boys during reconstruction, as well as linking up STV’s basement levels to the Catacombs.

With all that business attended to, they finish healing up, put on their “civilian” clothes/armor, and catch a corp chopper out of the QZ from the STV office. They transfer to a regional commuter jet at a merc airfield, and find a bunch of off-duty mercs, engineers, political aides etc aboard for the short hop to DC. They land at Baltimore-Washington Int’l (the least secure airport given KE/Ares making steps towards relocating to Atlanta and in a contract squabble with the Feds), and spend the better part of a day rejoicing in their return to civilization- they get sloppy drunk at the airport bar, spend way too much money on steaks, peruse some cheesy Boston mourning merch, and do a little local research. Kinnie finds out that his husband did make it out, but after 2 years of waiting for any word has moved on, and is now with another Boston survivor he met in a grief group. Kinnie decides this is for the best, as he’s not sure what he’s become or if he would want his husband to see/know him as he is now.

They eventually rally to take the train into town and get into their STV safehouse and pick up their STV van. Aylin gets her first exposure to sunlight since becoming infected and it is awful. They’re glad to have a UV protected full body suit but it still hurts and feels like heavy pressure bearing down on her. They get in to the safehouse and crash. The next day, OE and Guy make runs out to the port to get their gear back to the safehouse, while Kinnie guards the safehouse and gear once delivered. It takes 3 trips but goes smoothly, with OE covering for Guy’s social ineptitude- they’re really not in Boston anymore, noone knows Guy! The rest of the team goes to the meet, Aylin and Prot0 makes minor fools of themselves over a coffee machine but Jonny uses this as a feature- his team is so good at their specialties that they don’t need to all be good at the social side.

They get the rundown: some kind of explosion or other major event occurred 2 days ago at Ford’s Theater, and STV wants details. The team starts digging and finds out that the Theater has been under construction for a long time, seemingly as a front for some sort of odd magic or cult, that it came under attack from some milspec forces wearing Ares Bug Stomper armor, that the FedPol investigation into what happened appears to have stopped almost before it started, that FedPol is still guarding the site, that a massive mana void surrounds it (as if a tunnel in the astral had collapsed), that someone cut local camera feeds before the attack, that a vanm dumpster, 2 suits of armor (+ maybe occupants), and various weapons were burned with thermite out back, that over a dozen people died inside, and that their looks to have been a gate or portal of some kind in the basement, based on the hermetic/Masonic symbols that remain after whatever was detonated here went off. They also detect that a delivery drone flew through the no camera zone during the attack, and decide to track it down. And they notice they are being watched- Madeline Schmidt warned there would be other interested parties…

They send a drone recording of an unidentifiable odor to STV to run through their data vault, and get a report back that it is a compound found most often on the metaplane of ID- so that’s likely where they portal lead. Schmidt tells them to keep digging. They track down the drone courier, and Prot0 geeks out over his custom tech. They end up social manipulating him for the data, convincing him it’s too dangerous for him to even watch, let alone keep, and that they will try to warn others off him. Outside, OE sees that there is now another group following them; as opposed to the first pair who were decked out in camo cloaks, these 2 seem like ratty street teens, but have a slightly skittering astral vibe. Analyzing the drone data they see 2 figures in Bug Stompers leave the theater, one kills the other, and burns the body as well as his own gear in the van and dumpster. The drone gets bad image of him in the bright flare of light- muscled male ork. It also spots a Ford Americar parked nearby and gets the plate.

Prot0 hacks some traffic cams nearby to get into a license registry and finds the name and a photo of the car’s owner- a muscled ork with a military haircut. Time to track him down! They contact Erika Knowles to get info given the possible Ares/Firewatch connection, and then decide to deal with the folks tailing them. They set up an ambush at the edge of the Anacostia Barrens, but only the teens fall for it- the more pro pair tracks them with a blimp drone. They kill one of the teens and ko the other, Aylin reads her mind and tops up on essence before they kill her too. There is a lot of debate about that morality of these actions, but OE’s paranoia (and quick trigger finger) as well as Jonny’s burgeoning cyberpsychosis take the day, for now. They find out that the teens were recruited from a local shelter by a slimy/charismatic elf shaman, who they take to be a bug guy. He was using some sort of group perception spell to see what the teens saw, so he presumably knows some of what went on here.

Guy sends an air spirit up to distract the blimp while the team skedaddles, and they ditch pursuit in time to make some next plans. Prot0 gets a message from someone suggesting that they should share info, and they hear on the local news that there is footage of 2 local teens being killed in an ambush. However, it’s only infrared so not identifiable. The mysterious caller suggests that Jonny cooperate if he doesn’t want the teams ID’s and images getting leaked, and Prot0 tries to reverse hack on the call while Jonny stalls. They caller isn’t interested in his chat, so Jonny agrees to share the drone footage (since they figure they already have a little bit of a headstart there) in exchange for some other info on the bug kids and not releasing their info.

They send the file over, and head north to get the supposedly sole copy of the incriminating images from a courier drone. Prot0 has backtraced the call to a nearby mortuary, and they investigate a bit, finding that all the plants on site are fake, and that there is a faint shedim vibe in the astral but nothing current. They figure a shedim must have possessed one of the corpses inside to make the call and then bailed. Jonny reports into Madeline Schmidt with a progress update, and she says she’s looking forward to the full debriefing. They also hear from Erika Knowles that the FW Ork, Ben Maddox, made contact with an ex-colleague (one of her fellow rebel FW members) and wants to defect (which could be a trap). He’s also known to have a local friend with benefits. They get her name, and call her, suggesting that she should really have her friend call them if she doesn’t want bad things to happen to both of them.

Jonny convinces Maddox to meet up, telling him that they can get him to safety with the rogue FW faction, and they start setting it up with Knowles. She tells them to get him to a secure dropoff at the Draco Foundation HQ and she’ll take it from there. Maddox says he’ll give them the info he wants, but only after he’s safe. He seems paranoid but honest. They arrange to meet on Georgetown campus, feeling that Catholic mages will likely be able to keep the shedim and bugs at bay (hopefully). Guy magically alters the van appearance, while Prot0 conceals them in the matrix. They also use another air spirit with concealment to hide them. Meanwhile, Aylin and OE take the spirit bike and ride around to attract attention and act as both backup and a distraction. OE spots a shedim in astral near the campus, goes to fight it, and is quickly ko’ed. Fearing possession, Aylin races him onto campus and dumps him there, fleeing with the bike as sec drones briefly follow.

Jonny coaxes Maddox (with a bomb vest) into the van, and they carefully drive over to DF HQ without any issues, and pass Maddox off to the rogue FW team there, they exchange the proper passcodes which seems to reassure him. He tells them he stashed a comm with all the info near a market in Kansai Village. OE wakes up on campus to find 2 priests leaned over him, they declare him free from possession but make him pay a fine. After he explains about the shedim thing they try to convert/recruit him, which he rejects. He links up with Aylin, and they head to the market and into the cafe there to get the comm. Aylin spots a terrifying cancer spirit observing/tailing OE n astral, and attacks it, disrupting it before it can see him grab the comm from it’s hiding place.

They sneak back to the safehouse, splitting up again in case of spirits, and examine the data. Apparently Ares has developed some sort of explosive “device” that can disrupt magical portals/astral connections, and their FW teams have been using it to disrupt bug hives globally. Maddox’s team was the North American group, and had recently been ordered to DC. This was their first local gig, and seems to have been based on bad info, or an intentional setup- no bugs onsite, and Maddox was ordered to make sure he was the lone survivor, which he did, but felt awful about. However, when Ares hitmen plus the bug shaman Stokes who the team saw in the teens’ memories tried to kill him at the debrief, he went underground, his loyalty to the corp finally broken. They also get useful project/ops data on a few different Ares secret programs, as well as a hint at where to look next- a local shadowcast called Neon Ascension, and a recent caller named “Agent X.”

ECSE Does It
11/19/2019, 11:25:55 PM
Runners
Prot0
Jonny Silver
Guy
Aylin Carewell
Kinnie Zest
OverEasy
Ratched

The team spends a couple days prepping for the ECSE raid, while Pancake and Adelbern keep an eye on T1’s, who is setting up to go in as well, as the merc forces have reached their former safehouse at Boston Manatech. Guy and Kinnie prepare an escape tunnel, with Guy shaping concrete up to the underside of the secure ECSE facility from Mama’s turf, while Kinnie guides him with radar. They cut into the metal shell around the facility with a thermite bar, but not all the way through, to avoid setting off any sensor alerts, and then Guy seals up the tunnel end to prevent any random discoveries,

The team smuggles stuff into downtown and stages in an open conference room at Stark, Thiessen, and Van der Mar, with an agreement not to bring any heat on them. They sell the CFD gun specs to Aaron Creech at EVO in exchange for some Monad CFD doses, which Adelbern uses to poison 2 members of T1’s team, hopefully comromising them, Erika Knowles is pissed when she finds out and cuts contact with most of the team, though Aylin wants to make it up.

Aylin trains with Ghostwalker’s drake advisors to learn the early stages of becoming a Horrorstalker, though Mama seems to think that this is a riskier path than the Lightbearer/Bringer’s that the Horrorstalker’s look down on. Jonny makes some last calls and he and Prot0 both set up some dead man’s triggers for various sensitive info. They get the word that it’s go time, and head over. Pancake warns them about a sniper but says he’s distracting him in the matrix and the CFD infection seems to be taking over. The team heads into the facility a few minutes after the cybermercs, and Ratched and Adelbern stay up top to keep an exit open as long as possible and distract any reinforcements.

The team finds a dead cybermerc inside, but all the drone and trap security on the ground floor has been disabled. The mercs seem to be using a ton of breaching shields as well as overwhelming force to hit the Zero Zone fast and hard. The team follows, sealing shafts and entries behind them and laying traps for any who follow. They clear the security levels, only having to do minimal trap bypass and finding all defenders either dead or fled. They get into a fight with one cyber-merc on the first lab level and lose their scout drone, but get a bunch of paydata about MCT’s experiments on TM’s/cranial shields, cyberadepts, etc.

They get down to the next lab level and find the cybermercs brawling full on with MCT forces. The team takes this chance to attack the mercs from the rear. This allowed two MCT mages to escape and seal the shaft down behind them, but the team defeats the mercs, though they suffer heavy injuries and almost lose the big drone, Guy is barely able to save it magically. OverEasy also defeats a shedim that followed T1’s team in. They find more info about MCT research programs into the CyTech program and other cyber/Resonance experimentation, as well as security critters.

They break their way down into the next level and find the defenders making their last stand. After a brutal fight, 1/2 the team is dying and all the drones besides the medic drone are down, but the team emerges victorious. They find a bunch of data on the Null, their beliefs, and MCT’s attempted cooperation with them, as well as some thoughts to the Null’s role in spreading CFD (through scaring e-life offline). They gain access to the lowest level using the defenders’ leaders biometrics (he believed himself to be Kaze Adeki’s son but was actually a clone), and also find that MCT had locked down the facility and final level due to paranoia about Project Orion infiltration (Dawkins CFD ghostriders), as well as the return of PAX, who appears to have infiltrated this lab pre-Lockdown as well as Project Vulcan, putting her front and center for the outbreak once again.

In the final lab, they bypass a ton of traps using all the corpses from the fights above, as they hear explosions of some sort of reinforcements coming closer. They discover the 100- Danielle de la Mar’s dirty little secret, the technomancer gestalt dream/nightmare that formed the Foundation, as well as possibly creating or connecting to the Null. They also find out that De la Mar was inspired by the strange semi-matrix of the Seelie Court, and that there are hints to 4th World “technomancers” who worshipped a Passion called “The Seed”, and that more clues and hidden mysteries could perhaps be found in the Fey Realms, which De la Mar plans to visit. This and the Null data seem to fully vindicate Prot0’s belief that magic and Resonance are inherently connected, and he can’t wait to escape and write his paper. He also gets a strong feeling of approval from the archivist.

The team also finds a facility-wide EMP device that PAX seems to have disabled that otherwise could have wiped all the data. They use Kinnie’s near-dead body with Prot0’s comm access to radar scan and look for their prepped exit, and Guy shapes their way out, as everyone except Overeasy passes out from drugs and injuries. Most of the team only survives through some sort of miraculous luck.

Meanwhile, Ratched and Adelbern talk the spirit into transferring over to Adelbern’s fancy bike, and Ratched rigs up a car bomb, and blows a corpsec APC that shows up. They chuck grenades at another one as they race off, but Adelbern gets hit by some return fire, and knowing he’s done for, jumps off the bike to make sure Ratched escapes, after giving Ratched his watch. Pancake helps Ratched get clear and bids her well. Ratched reaches the rendesvouz in the Catacombs and sends OE to fetch some Mama’s Boys while she stabilizes everyone else.

They successfully keep anyone from bleeding out and get smuggled back to the law firm to process and sell the data while they get their new ID’s and flights out figured out. They spend a few days healing up and making ready to leave Boston.

MCZ Wolfpacks
11/2/2019, 10:46:14 PM
Runners
Prot0
Jonny Silver
Guy
Aylin Carewell
Kinnie Zest
OverEasy
Ratched

Ratched rejoins the team, finally out of the hospital from the safehouse getting burned. The team bribes their way into the MCZ past Trip-D border guards, with Prot0 debuting his new drone fleet- a steel lynx with a Valkyrie module, plus a replacement Prot0-drone medic and a well-armored bumblebee. Trip D suggests that unless they come back with some real good salvage they will be unlikely to get back out, however. They decide to establish a safehouse at Kinnie’s old MIT&T lab space, and head that way. They manage to secure it and get some power working to keep their crazy-repeller running while they go out questing.

They decide to tackle OE’s job first, and find out what happened to all the Fomorians who got “recruited” into that Manadyne study. They find the Manadyne office with no trouble, but notice they’re being stalked by a pack of Fenrir wolves. They spot to corpses on the roof, 1 Formorian and 1 possible human or elf. They seem to have double suicided after being trapped by wolves, based on a scrawled note. Jonny and Prot0 + drones stay in the first floor/lobby while the rest of the team rappels down a secret shaft into the lab.

They investigate and determine that the Fomorians were likely being kept here at least semi-involuntarily, and they staged a breakout attempt sometime about a year into the lockdown. However, they tried to escape through the steam tunnels, and some infected critters got in, leading to a massive gunfight between Fomorians, wolves, lab dogs, scientists, and security, ending in everyone dying and some kind of “cleasing” of the lab data. Luckily they recover some headware from one of the techs and some paper records to review.

Jonny and Prot0 come under attack by wolves up top, and the rest of the team decides to take the tunnels back to safehouse, but gets turned around and surrounded. Both groups manage to fight their ways back to the safehouse, but both Prot0 and Guy have to use their doses of Reversers after being bit. However, they make it back and analyze the data- apparently the lab was studying the mana resistance innate to Fomorians and trying to figure out how to implant that trait in others. They had some minor success with some security dogs they sold to Trans-Latvian/Ordo Maximus members, but most of the results seem to have been acquired by the Grey siblings for their Gray Mana-tech.

Kinnie and Ratched decide to hang at the safehouse to work on building up a prototype gatling laser that Kinnie found hidden specs for, in order to have good salvage to trade for their escape from the MCZ. The rest of the team rests and heads North towards the next heist target- the Harvard lab where a chunk of the Cornerstone resides. Luckily the mobile crazy-repeller seems to work well to keep ragers at bay and the huge shambler mobs are relatively easy to avoid.

Less easy to avoid is a series of explosive traps and a sniper left on guard by Blackheart Security, who seem to have gotten to the lab first. The team almost eats it in the ensuing firefight, and one of the fancy new drones is trashed (but alchemically repaired enough to get it to limp home). Luckily Aylin is able to focus enough to bring her monofil whip along with her in mistform and turns the tide. However, the team was only fighting 2 guards and almost died, and can hear boots racing down from above, so they decide to flee. However, Liam seems to have used this attack as a distraction to complete the heist, and tells Jonny to get his team out.

They flee back to the safehouse, trying to lure in infected behind them to delay pursuit, and rest up before heading for the exit. Liam leaves before them with the Cornerstone, but gives them something called the “Pendulum Room manuscript” that he found along with it- apparently something else to do with the Seelie Court. The team puzzles over it but can’t make any headway so they hold onto it.

They bribe Trip-D with the repeating laser prototype, bluffing that they didn’t find specs, and also money, and gets into quarantine. Luckily they end up just ahead of the Blackheart squad, who stare daggers at them the whole time, but the team gets out first, partially due to OE being an ex-merc himself and having some rapport with Trip-D. They hightail it South to ditch Blackheart, and all head to their safehouses to rest up and re-equip before the raid on the ECSE, after which they hope to leave Boston for good.

A Heist for Adelbern
10/13/2019, 4:54:12 PM
Runners
Prot0
Jonny Silver
Guy
Aylin Carewell
Kinnie Zest

The team hear that Mayor Meghan is receiving external support, seemingly part of Ghostwalker’s anti-corp agenda, and has 2 drake agents assisting her. The team checks on their bounty (which has gone up for Prot0 and Jonny only) confirming some GW interest. They decide to really lay low, after checking in with Smedley, who seems a little cagey. They figure out how to activate the Dragon card, and are connected to Lofwyr through a mirror, surprisingly. Jonny asks him not to Thor strike the infected collection zones since the team has a cure, and Lofwyr tells him to bring cure samples to the SK office downtown. The team agrees.

Kinnie, having the only legit SIN in the group at the moment, heads in with the sample. Sensing their opportunity, SK, negotiates with him (not his strong suit), which ends up with SK in possession of the cure, the scientists, and the knowledge of Salem, and the team with some significant offers of payday and very little control. They feel outmaneuvered but it occurs to them that if they stay on SK’s good side it might be some useful protection.

They get prepped to do the next heist for now, while thinking more of the existential issues. Adelbern and Wynn have done some recon again, and discovered some conflict amongst DIMR higher-ups: Valeria (a Nadja fixer) has come down from NYC to bring the Boston office back into the fold, which Anne Lyne (the local head during the Lockdown) has taken umbrage with. She has put out feelers about acquiring the set of Tarot queens, and has a rep as a bit of a tyrant, locally. The team decides to approach the Nadja, feeling that having more powerful connections outside of Boston will help them more, since they don’t have a dog in this fight.

Valeria gets them a set of fake Queens (meaning she or an associate has seemingly seen the real ones?), and Jonny contact Lyne to tell her they’re on their way in with the requested cards. Wynn tells them that he did some hacking ahead of time and got the item they seek transferred to Lynne’s office for a “review”, so they just need to snag it in the office or en route. Aylin mists into a briefcase which Kinnie carries in (good SIN and all), while Prot0 with sprite assist spoofs the scanners and joins them. Everyone else waits nearby. Wynn tells them he’s averted cameras and sensors out front and in the foyer, but they’ll be on their own after that.

They head into the meeting and find that Lynne is an astral expert and has an astrolabe map of the metaplanes somewhat similar to Guy’s. She sends the item back when it turns up, seemingly annoyed that it showed up, and Aylin mists after it to make sure the team can snag it. Kinnie and Prot0 hand over the cards, and Lynne tries to activate them, but instead of doing what she expected, they open a small rift and suck her through, screaming. They hightail it out of there (having promised Valeria not to mess with anything else), and grab the item and Aylin in mist form. They escape, pass the statue off to Wynn, and begin planning their entrance into the MCZ.

Salem Ho!
9/28/2019, 3:57:13 PM
Runners
Prot0
Jonny Silver
Guy
Aylin Carewell
Kinnie Zest
OverEasy

The team analyzes T1’s data on the ECSE and starts making a plan. They also collate data on the Tan Robes in order to try gain admission to Salem, and sell a bunch of valuable info via JackPoint. They do further tarot analysis as well, and Kinnie activates the Shadow card (semi-accidentally). It seems to grant them admission to an exclusive club in London known for granting favors. They also visit Mama to ask about Tarot and other things, while some of the team goes to meet up with Erika Knowles, and they find out she’s in danger due to going hard against ARES. They check in with Tyreseus and confirm there’s a growing bounty. They also hear rumors that a blood spirit has been assassinating Trans-Latvian execs.

They research Druidic factions to get an idea on how to be in Salem. They get distracted in their planning by a distressed Kostas, who appears in their safehouse and tells them that the “ASPS” facility is under attack. He enlists their help in response to promises of future rewards, and they race to the facility. They manage to save a few employees, including the woman who leads the blood crystal implant surgeries, but can tell that the blood shade is loose in the facility. The woman, Nell, convinces them that she is non-magical, and they agree to take everyone to the IOND for safekeeping. OE projects ahead and converses with Olivier, who fills them in on ties between Trans-Lat/Ordo Maximus/Black Lodge and tells them he will prepare for the potential that some of the “ASPS” members are BL in disguise.

They reach the IOND tower, and Olivier ushers everyone in before springing a trap on Nell, who proves to be a powerful mage. Unfortunately, she mind controls some of the team to attack each other/Olivier, and Kinnie, trying to calm things down, launches a gas grenade, ko-ing both mages. Nell has a cortical bomb as it turns out, and Olivier is killed in the ensuing explosion. The Summoning Master, Bora Elihu, is elevated to chapter master as the school mourns their loss. The team gets some implants and bonds new foci using school resources, and prepares to head North.

The team secures Erika Knowles safety first, ushering her to Messerzahn protection, and Kinnie trades some designs and knowledge with ex-BM/Murai scientists, hiding amongst the Wicked in the Rox. The Wicked seem like one of the only gangs that hasn’t lost out in the syndicate war. They also finally contact the lawyer Genowefa Gale at Stark, Theissen and Van der Mar, and agree to do some work in DeeCee once the Lockdown lifts, in exchange for help with tranist and ID’s. They get some offers of assistance and info from her, and also find out that many metaracists from Boston (as well as Denver and elsehwere globally) are making their way to PWV, Azania, seemingly a new congregation point for those org’s, with some funding that looks to be coming from Brackhaven and others. The team also receives a Tarot card, and Guy gets some astral info and crude map of the metaplanes from a Jackpoint payout.

They head North, and safely reach Salem. They see that Swampscott is fully gone and absorbed by the woods, while Peabody seems to have been conquered by mercs, though signs of recent fighting and explosions suggest that the Neo-A’s and NAN separatists aren’t letting it slide by. They pass along their info on the Tan Robes, and get approved to enter, though everyone keeps hinting that they shouldn’t trust anyone and may or may not be able to leave freely, depending on their actions.

They find the town split between 4 factions, with a central lake. Pro-Damon wiccans have a large slice, and seem to have made a cautious but not complete alliance with the Church of the Dragon, which has the largest population and territory. Anti-Damon wiccans have entered an uneasy alliance with metaracist/anti-dragon militias, and are slightly smaller than the pro-Damon wiccans. The smallest by far is also the hardest-looking- ex-NeoNet employees including Zoh Rothberg (Celedyr’s voice) and some Knights of Rage. They’ve removed all NN insignia and seem only loyal to Celedyr, from what the team can tell. Both the anti-Damon-ists and the KOR offer the team work, but it seems potentially dirty.

Prot0 does some matrix scouting, and almost gets killed by a hugely powerful resonant/dissonant entity (too fast to tell), and realized why noone is running wireless on within the protection of the Mist (which the COTD seems to control). This entity seems to emerge from a school building central to COTD turf, which the team is not allowed in, though Guy makes some progress talking his way towards access. Damon and a number of COTD members also are engaged in a multi-day ritual to cleanse the lake, which the team gets a sample of, and Prot0 thinks seems similar to the powerful entity- perhaps a clue that the lake was the terminal point of “Eliohann’s” flightpath, though it appears “he” has been moved to the school since then.

Jonny starts making in-roads with Aseela, seemingly a Johnson/Fixer for the pro-Damon wiccans, who seems to know the biz but be more cautious in her approach to the team. She wants them to investigate what jobs the other factions want them to do, and report back. Kinnie and OverEasy push really hard to leave and get paid for the info that they’ve gotten, taking a smaller payday to not get further involved, but everyone else is heavily invested in seeking more info. Damon puts the members who stay in town up at his place but says he can’t get involved (in an effort to keep the peace locally), and Guy goes on a divination quest to try to foretell how to succeed on his metaplanar quest.

Overeasy and Kinnie are approached by some Omega Zero Zero Evo mercs, who seem to be the ones occupying Peabody, and offered work- if they can get info on: is the dragon alive, what state is the dragon in, and who will ally with Evo most easily (and how), Evo will pay the team well. OE heads back in while Kinnie waits with the car. He gives the team the info, and they debate which way to go, going back and forth a bunch.

The team allies hard with the COTD, gains all the secret knowledge about what happened with Eliohann/Cerberus/Cereus/Deus during the experiment and early days of the shutdown, as well as what the COTD has done to stabilize the nanite-infested dragon since. Cerberus seems to be in control today and approves the team’s plan to spread word of a potential cure in order to prevent the Thor Strike prophecy from coming true. He also instructs the COTD to help the team harvest some of his nanites to test if they can really undo some of the damage he did in his maddened state, which he seems deeply regretful of. The COTD also gives the team the Dragon tarot card, and the team quickly determines that it represents Lofwyr/SK (in it’s current incarnation).

They also broker an alliance with Evo, in exchange for allowing the COTD continued control of the dragon and his care, Evo will be an early corp presence in the area. Satisfied that they’ve done all they need to do for the time, the team leaves, and get paid by Evo. They also receive a parting gift; a Blackheart Security spy who was watching the team and Salem. The Evo mercs say his partner didn’t survive questioning, but that they knew a good bit about the team and their activities. This is worrying but not surprising. Aylin feasts, and they ditch the body in the woods with a note, warning the NAN separatists and Neo-A’s that Blackheart has some intel and interest.

They return to town, drop Kinnie off at the lab with the dragon nanites (which seem promising for a cure-all but are limited in quantity). They head back to the Nub and hear some bad news: Yaksha was blamed for the Neo-A missile attacks and killed by Omega Dawn. Also, their safehouse was burned, seemingly by a combo of Hater/Rager attack, Shifting Pyre, and Omega Dawn. Mama’s Boyz had to close off the tunnel to keep the danger from spreading. The team meets with Mama, who warns Aylin that she is now “horror-touched” as well as delivering some other info. She arranges for them to all have individual safehouses for the time being, and warns them not to bring in more trouble. They also see merc corps herding shamblers into cleared zones in Southie as well as the MCZ.

They decide to lay low between jobs, and arrange with Genowefa Gale to have their new ID’s ready for travel ASAP. They do one quick job for the Nexus, and track SEARCH/Jack down to the airbase east of the harbor. They manage to communicate with him and find out that he’s CFD infected (along with the rest of the officer corp it seems), but is working on a CFD-cure to sequester the infection in an otherwise functional mind. He passes them his data after they tell him that they are envoys from Perri, and passes along a short message which make them think he might be her dad. They also post an update about this to JackPoint and find out that they just met the legendary Fastjack. They debate trying to get him one of the dragon cures, but Kinnie and the scientists are still perfecting the Reverser level/mix, so they decide to hold off til they’re sure.

Heists for Adelbern next!

Heists Galore
9/15/2019, 3:16:20 PM
Runners
Prot0
Jonny Silver
Guy
Aylin Carewell
Kinnie Zest
OverEasy

Liam Adelbern gets the team to make some deals in preparation for their big run against the ECSE/MCT, Prot0 has done a little research and realized it’s gonna be a whole thing. They make a deal to help Liam get his two items in exchange for him helping them get a tarot card and into the ECSE. Prot0 also plans to talk to SSU211 and Messerzahn about making similar deals for assistance.

Worried about PPJ, and receivng a hint from a mortally wounded Bubbie, they try to surveil the crystal island and come into direct contact with the Tan Robes, who handily read their minds and close the tunnel they came up through. Mama’s Boyz aren’t thrilled, and the team is very worried that the TR’s now know their goals and where their safehouse is, so Jonny goes to Mama to ask for help. She tells them a lot about the TR’s (hopefully helping the team gain access to Salem) and tells them they will be under her protection while underground, but that the powerful shadow spirits who are patrons of the TR’s have unknown motives and that the team will likely be in danger outside the Catacombs. Mama also tasks them with contacting Aleiron in the metaplanes and dealing with a darkness rising in the west in Chicago.

The team also finally deals with the Horizon/Dawkins Group situation, and manages to ID 4 DG members working in the Squares. However, this goes a little sideways for them when AZT uses this info to somehow lead to the fall of the Squares, a populated enclave. Many survivors, but many casualties, and rumors about the team’s involvement are circulating. They try to do a little rep management but get into some major disagreements about how and who to share info with. Jonny also gets word that Micval was killed by a strike team trying to retrieve him from a DG safehouse, but they recovered his drive with all his unreleased tracks, so kind of a win for Jonny and his label?

They pull off a heist against an Atlantean Foundation research lab by causing a series of distractions with the help of an unpleasant squatter/hacker named Pendleton Wynn. They get a tarot card, the first payment from Liam for the next two heists they need to do with him. It is the Major Arcana Shadows, they also get a ton of ATL tarot research from the servers that Prot0 hacks alongside the run.

Guy continues planning his astral trip to the homeplane of his car spirit to gain it as an ally. They also plan to contact Stark, Thiessen, and Van der Mar at some point and see what they want. Jonny takes some time off to deal with team PR and potential fallout from some recent situations, as they also hear of some disturbing developments locally: some large ships have appeared in the harbor, the first in in over 2 years since the Lockdown began. Merc operations are also increasing, so it seems like the cleanup is speeding up, putting some of their jobs on a timeline.

They decide to raid and clear the ARES/KE VR/AR training facility and secret lab where Project Hammer (CFD projectiles) was based, on behalf of Erika Knowles, and to make closer alliance with Messerzahn. Messerzahn, good to their word, has cleared a path to the bottom end of a drain culvert/duct from the lab into the sewers. It has a UV filter and magical barrier so the vamps have been stymied in their efforts to gain access. The team grapples up, destroys the barrier, and gains access, getting into a brutal fight with some headcase fenrir wolves. They emerge victorious but with some serious injuries, some of which require pulsing to try to prevent infection. They leave the UV filter in place just in case the vamps are planning to backstab them while they check the rest of the facility.

They find evidence that T1’s team was here, and gain some Project Hammer prototypes, as well as some cyberware from 2 destroyed cyberzombies. They also piece together what happened early in the Lockdown, when the Black Lodge (according to Olivier) killed the former IOND head as well as a french Gendarme who had assembled a dossier on the BL and was trying to pass it along. It looks like the Gendarmes, some mages, and facility staff fought a holding action but were overwhelmed by a powerful blood spirit, along with other magical attackers.

The cyberzombies seems to be more recent, and were looting the facility for supplies, as well as scouting as a potential base, but were ambushed by the same spirit (now looking even more powerful). 1 of the 3 seems to have escaped, 2 others were separated and killed. It looks like they used the prototypes on the fenrir wolves, who seem to have been part of the original facility defenses or perhaps the BL attack force, leading to their infection (which luckily for the team also muted their usual magical abilities).

The team decides to finish clearing the facility, as the staff seems to have trashed all their sensors and records while defending it. They find a sealed/intact vault, and find the Gendarme inside, thought it quickly turns out that it is the Blood Shade inhabiting her corpse (and with her memories). She nearly TPK’s them, but they manage to rally a defense and defeat her, Aylin’s monofil whip proving especially useful against her spirit form. They find a huge amount of paper records of the project, which Prot0 scans quickly before they destroy them, not wanting this project data to fall into the wrong hands. They go back, let the vamps in, and scout the upstairs a bit.

They find a little data on the ECSE’s defenses as T1’s crew seems to have begun fiddling with the AR/VR trainer before checking the basement, which Prot0 notes down. They then head out and Kinnie analyzes the tech they recovered, and they figure out where to post data and whatnot before selling it all to Erika Knowles. She promises to keep it safe and make sure word gets out, and the team gets her approval to spread word that ARES was developing this weapon without sharing specs. They rest and heal, and look into all the tarot data that Prot0’s sprite got from the ATL-F. There’s a ton of info involving some cards they have seen (or have) and they start deciphering some of Hansu’s prophecies.

Big Jobs, Big Risks, Absent Friends
7/29/2019, 3:08:35 PM
Runners
Prot0
Jonny Silver
PepperJack
Ratched the Hatchet
Guy
Aylin Carewell
and introducing: Kinnie Zest
also introducing: OverEasy

Jonny convinces Micval to sing with Weekday Eclipse and they put out a single together with a Micval remix of one of Jonny’s tracks. Erika Knowles reminds them to check out Project Hammer at the ARES training facility and they get some leads. Smedley tells them to go to an art opening to meet an “old school” thief who needs a team to help steal some artifacts around town. They find out a bit more about the Null, and Prot0 convinces the team to do a bunch of jobs fast to improve their gear and skills so they can raid the ECSE and get the enormous payday it seems to promise. Jonny is summoned to a meeting with an AZT fixer named Metoataske Cynosige who hints that the blood mages in Swampscott were a bit far afield and out of touch, so no big loss for AZT, so long as the team will deal with a problem for them: Horizon Dawkins Group operatives have been working around town and AZT needs them ID’d, compormised, or eliminated. They will pay a bounty. Jonny agrees, lacking options.

Guy initiates with some of the Urban Tribalists who are cleansing astral space, and hooks them up with the “ASPS” and Kostas. Kostas reminds him to do a few jobs to pay for the crystal eyes he wants, and tells Guy that the ASPS has a runner coming in to assist. He gains the ability to astral travel, and can now communicated with his car spirit. He begins planning an astral quest to retrieve it’s True Name and bond with it. The team decides to give Ax. S. Grant the body of their cyberpsychotic dwarf safehouse guard, worried that someone else might hack him the way Prot0 did. Ratched puts him out quickly with drugs, circumventing the rest of the team’s plan to make an elaborate digital scenario for him. Ax promises the team drone and vehicle use/support during the upcoming Peabody raid, and also tells them team to go to the upcoming art opening Smedley had mentioned to meet up with a contact with some specialty gear for the raid (to deal with Nocebo, to the corrupted AI). 2 jobs, 1 location: great!

Jonny befriends Lil’ D with his and PPJ’s Boston Unity plan. The team meet up with a new runner named Kinnie Zest, who Smedley says is a skilled weapons tech (as well as an MIT&T doctor) who needs to make some cash. He seems useful, so the team brings him along on the next job: rescuing Grimes, who is under house arrest after a new Bishop arrived and took his church at the head of a Blackheart Security merc detachment. Silke tells them that Archangel has an object to trade that they can maybe use to get Grimes free, and they head back to the ghoul base to see about that. They encounter some vampire merc’s, and are told that non-infected aren’t welcome there anymore, but do manage to meet with Dark Angel and get the object: an old bible signed by JFK to the people of Boston. One of the vamps follows the team home in astral and talks to Aylin. He intro’s himself as Alastair, and says the the ghouls are now protected by Messerzahn, who should be a name to be feared. Aylin, being a weirdo, befriends him instead of feeling threatened. So now the team has that info for BBE.

They head up to Stoneham next on a lead from Smedley, and meet up with scholar named Trinity Ellario, who called CFD before it happened, and is holed up with some other civvies being protected by SSU 211, the other merc corp BBE needed info on. SSU is all Monads, stable headcases who don’t want to spread their infection. BBE makes a deal through the team to have SSU raid Malden (rampant nanoapocalypse) in exchange for materiel support and a ride out later, and also makes a similar deal with Messerzahn to clear the Labyrinth. The team gets paid and upgrades their gear quite a bit. They meet up with Kostas’ contact, a mirrorshades runner named BlackJack, and do a quick job with him, paying off a Wuxing employee to retire early and write a letter recommending a certain replacement. They then get a list of three other names to do similar with, and BJ convinces them to help him track another target: a personal mission.

They follow astral traces and rumors of a serial killer and missing people to an abandoned orphanage in Dorcester, where they fight a shadow spirit and a knife-wielding free spirit maniac. BJ dies in the fight, but disapparates, so he was apparently also a spirit. They win, barely, and flee and enraged Purist/Pariah militia, asking that the militia help the various poor souls in the orphanage as they do. Prot0 also accidentally shoots a baby when they shadow spirit uses it as a human shield. Ratched punches him for it (and then heals him). They rest up a bit, then get fancier armored suits etc to go to the art opening. They leave Kinnie watching the gear nearby-ish, and walk into Downtown. They stop by the Taco Temple opening to eat on the way, and PPJ almost signs up before the team convinces him to run against the Temple of Terror instead of participating.

The art opening is happening but Prot0 thinks it’s a little derivative. A drone taps him and a man who calls himself Hamshallow tells Prot0 to take a box the drone is offering up- Prot0 does, just as some kind of no-label corp deathsquad bursts in. They shoot Hamshallow but it turns out he was a hologram, so it just wavers and then vanishes. They seem to want to acquire the package so Prot0 hoofs it, and accepts a grappel assist from the other person they were supposed to meet here: the thief Liam Adelbern. They escape unnoticed while the rest of the team tries to deal with the shooters and get people safely out. They all succeed except PPJ, who stays behind invisibly and fries the drone, in case it had info on it, but unfortunately has some bad luck and gets knocked out and captured. The team tries to figure out how to go back in, but have no gear or real armor with them, and decide to flee and rescue PPJ later.

After looking into it, they find out the group that has him is a pan-corporate (but non-official/maybe fully illegal) rightwing deathsquad called Omega Dawn that targets political agitators, SINless, runners, and “terrorists.” Ax S. Grant, when filled in, accepts the package, and says that he asked a spirit friend to do them a solid- he tells the team it wiped PPJ’s memory back 6 months, so he lost everything since his graduation in Denver, but literally knows nothing (and has a reasonably clean SIN), so maybe he’ll get cut loose? Other contacts are more skeptical and tell the team to watch out for OD but not to expect their friend back. Meanwhile, PPJ wakes up in a room he recognizes from the show: the Initiation Chamber in Temple of Terror Season 3. He is very confused….

Prepping for the Peabody raid, the team needs a few more gunners, and Smedley recommends a local ARA activist/ex-merc named OVerEasy, who seems pretty competent. They also get 3 roto-drones from Ax as as an armored van, and are told there will be an infiltration specialist going along who will use the device they got to deal with Nocebo. The team just needs to make sure the infiltrator can reach the dissonant servers. They also get 2 SSU 211 mercs named Jazz and Cosmos, a sniper team who agreed to help out against some natural enemies. They head north, and get Fennel to watch their spirit van. They rig the armored van with a cowcatcher and a bunch of explosives charges to blow out three sides, and cruise up. The infiltrator, SemPar, and the 2 mercs hop out to do their parts.

The team rams through one of the rager barricades and plows through some shamblers, before dragging to a stop a Y intersection just inside town. They leap out the back after turning on a jammer to attract headcases, and then blow the charges when there’s a big mob of them around. The team makes their way through town, a harsh and destructive slog under constant grenade and sniper fire. Jazz and Cosmos keep their rear clear, though, so they don’t lose anyone. They reach the Dissonant’s base, an old government center, and subject it to a serious assault, beaching through the front doors and the roof. They kill all the TM’s, and fight a bunch more ragers, shamblers, and CFD-infected animals (probably intended for the fighting pits once rigger interfaces are installed), including a massive bear. They emerge victorious, and SemPar completes whatever their task was.

The team walks back to the wilds, taking out a last few shamblers on the way, and meets up with Fennel, who offers them a stay in a Warpath safehouse deep in the woods for the night. They accept, and get paid a bounty for the Dissonants they killed, including a major leader, White Rabbit. They also hang with Grimes, Silke, Wolfgang, and Gibson, who are all holed up up here, and warn them about Omega Dawn. Wolfgang has a long talk with them about the risks to Boston of the current situation: syndicated and corps moving in hard, if not met with resistance, will change everything. But he says there’s still a chance. The team heartily agrees, and then sells the info about clearing Peabody to BBE, who will likely move in and seize it. However, to help the Neo-A cause they buy them a ton of rocket launchers to harry corp supply flights with. They sell some of the other paydata to other contacts, and post a high price file about PAX/Whit Rabbit making deals with both AZT (to research cyberadepts as soldiers) and the Null (to hunt AI’s, TM’s, etc) to Jackpoint. Noone bites (yet) but after sharing a bunch of other info for free, the team gains full membership.

Back in town, they heal up and plan next steps: they have a few more small jobs to complete, and maybe 1 big one, before the ECSE. They scout out the ARES Project Hammer facility and make another deal with Messerzahn to clear a path of any headcases so the team can get in through the Catacombs and deal with whatever’s there (with Messerzahn getting access to whatever’s left in the facility after, and having one less potential threat on their flanks). A lawyer named Genowefa Gale also contacts them on behalf of a firm called Stark, Thiessen an Van der Mar, which is setting up a Boston office, and seems to be the lawyers PPJ was hearing through his crystal spine before he got grabbed. She says she thought the team looked competent and tells them to get in touch if they’re available for more work.

The team gets worried that Dawkins Group might be manipulating Omega Dawn, but has no solid leads, so they decide to deal with Dawkins and wait til they have anything to go on for PPJ. Bubby is distraught and says he won’t rest til he finds PPJ, which worries the team but what can they do… he heads off into the astral to search. Liam Adelbern tells them that he has done some solid recon on the 3 sites he wants to hit (where possible): DIMR and Atlantean Foundation offices, as well as a Harvard lab in the MCZ. OE wants to get into the MCZ to check out a Manadyne lab there as well, but Kinnie warns the team how bad it is, so they decide to do that one last perhaps. The team decides to put together a baseball game to bond and also continue the Boston unity dream that PPJ and Jonny shared, and put out the word about it on shadow channels after securing use of the Centurion’s arena for an afternoon. Guy gets his crystal eyes put in- weird but effective.

A pretty good roster turns out, and gives it a good go- Damon on one team, some skilled Hellriders on the other, plus the lawyer, the mayor, the team, Kostas, a guy with some Null info for Prot0, and various others split between both. The team’s local rep improves significantly, but Jonny gets some bad news from a Horizon reporter who covers it: Micval has backed out and signed with Horizon (maybe under duress). They post the footage to JP and get a very enthusiastic response (especially from one of the mods). They go to do karaoke at the Tipsy Dragon with Liam in tow, and do some good team bonding. Liam tries drunkenly to get Guy an invite into the Hotel Continental (where Liam is staying) but gets turned back, told that they will review Guy’s application. The team rests up, feeling well-accomplished and closer than ever.

asps = black lodge

Blood Crystals and Big Shows
6/17/2019, 4:05:05 PM
Runners
Prot0
Jonny Silver
PepperJack
Ratched the Hatchet
Guy
Aylin Carewell

The team does a bunch of little job cleanup while practicing and waiting for Jonny’s show. Meanwhile, PPJ gets levitated by the weird lil spirit, and flown way west to near the wall, where he enters a nondescript facility. A nerdy middle-aged woman explains that she had word he was interested in blood crystals, and the his and the team’s actions against AZT impressed her group enough that they are willing to provide him with one for free, and possibly more in the future if the team does more work for them. PPJ tries to suss out who they are, and make sure they aren’t Black Lodge, but it seems like they’re ASPS (or affiliated). They seem not to like AZT, the Tan Robes, or the Atlanteans, and seem neutral on the IOND, so it’s chill. He agrees, and gets a replacement spine, which pulses and protrudes slightly, but makes him faster.

He returns to the team, and the spirit introduces himself as Kostas after wiping PPJ’s memory of the location of the lab. The team agrees in principle to do more work, and Guy plans to get the next reward. They do one job linking up some urban tribes with the ASPS, but Kostas says additional work is needed for the level of crystal Guy wants. They do get one magic bullet each from the master alchemist Maestro in exchange for helping her tribe in their goal of cleansing astral space for the Spirit of the City. Ratched also orders better armor from BBE, and the team plans to work on their batch of open jobs soon. The team also takes delivery of a package from the Murai/BM scientists, who give them each a single dose of reversers, saying that if combined with a pulse spell, this should prevent infection from a single exposure to CFD. They team invests in faraday pockets to keep these nanite syringes secret.

PPJ and Guy head up the IOND to check on some stuff and report in, PPJ seems to be having some success getting them to engage more with Charlease’s help, and Olivier agrees to support plant spirit Wilds and NAN enclave sovereginity in exchange for a rare reagent supply chain, and agrees to lend the illusions instructor, Prof. Thornblossom, out for Jonny’s show in exchange for PPJ making sure IOND sponsorship is clear and putting in a good word with the Mayor. He also pays the team less insultingly this time around.

Prot0 fixes up his drone, and does some digging on some matrix jobs, inquiring with the TM’s at the safehouse about a few things, and finds out that Guy’s contact Ax S. Grant might know something about “Garmonbozia.” They go to his shop and ask, and he locks it down, pumps gas into the room, shoots them with gel rounds, and says he really wishes they hadn’t asked that. He tells them if they just let him erase that name from their memories he can let them go, but they refuse. They kill what they think is him, but it turns out to be a rigged body, as he is an AI. They eventually make a deal to work for him on behalf of GB, promising to keep any info about GB offline (including the Conservatory).

He tells them it is an AI nation on the matrix, looking only to exist peacefully and do their own thing. They know that the corps would never allow this, which is why the extreme secrecy. In exchange, he gives them a bunch of info on the Null (including solving the Jackpoint/Nexus beef), and agrees to assist them against the Dissonants in Peabody, who may have made common cause with the Null as well. Using this info, Prot0 finally makes peace between JP and the Nexus, and the team gets provisional access to the local JP hub, gaining access as well to the old team’s dossiers on Boston biz.

The night of the concert arrives, the three opening acts (Grim, Kombat Karla, and Micval) are a success, and with a stage show combining AR from Prot0 and some TM’s and spellcraft from PPJ and Thornblossom, and a tarot assist from Aylin, Jonny gives one of his best performances, and insures that he’s taken seriously by the local music scene. He also makes progress on recruiting Micval to his label, though Micval says Damon is also interested. PPJ briefly talks to the Mayor and plans to rep the IOND to her during office hours, and Guy gets to ride Wyatt’s bike, with the car spirit inside. Exhausted and happy, the team gets ready to gear up for some difficult and deadly work.

Points North
6/1/2019, 2:47:52 PM
Runners
Aleiron Grey
Prot0
Jonny Silver
PepperJack
Ratched the Hatchet
Guy
Aylin Carewell

The team goes over the info from the NeoNET and Murai labs, after Prot0 cracks it all open. Not only do the learn a lot about the truth of what’s going on in Boston, they get a ton of valuable paydata. They decide to look further into some of the other jobs on their list, and head to the Roxx. They witness a duel at the Coliseum foretold on one of their Tarot cards, and wager a small amount. They should have bet more as they double their money and the card goes blank afterwards. PPJ meets a spellcaster with implanted Blood Crystals who agrees to pass his contact info along if he himself is contacted again by the mysterious group who provided them to him.

They make nice with the Centurions, who seem to be ex-spec ops and are protecting a large civilian populace near their arena, although the whole Roman thing is a bit much. They then head further south, and set up some transmitters for the Wicked, in exchange for that gang getting a message to the Murai survivors, who have joined up with ex-Boston Manatech employees to start an anti-corp “free” lab somewhere in southern Boston, hoping to eventually make contact with the Ex-Corporate Scientists.

The Wicked are setting up an ad-hoc comms network in southern Boston and requests the team find high/hard to access points to mount the relays to make it less likely head cases will get to them. They mount 3 at various points, encountering a toxic wolf adept sniper at an otherwise abandoned university but making a deal with him to avoid combat. The Wicked reward the team with a meeting with a Murai scientists, who seems only too happy to fill the team in on Reversers as well as their overall plan, after Jonny butters him up. They make plans to coordinate further, and Prot0 convinces Victor Markwart to join them after they learn the Coriolis stream together under Grimes’ protection.

While in the Roxx, they also visit some Urban Tribes and find many of them claiming to work on behalf of the spirit of the city (which makes the Denver survivors a mite nervous). They recruit Charlease Newman to the IOND at Olivier’s request, after PPJ makes a deal that she can keep brewing potions to help the enclaves down south. PPJ also views her as a potential ally to change the IOND from the inside.

The team then meet with the new Vatican reps they’ve heard are looking for them, and apparently seem like such a low threat that the reps basically pledge to stay out of the team’s biz so long as the team stays out of theirs. They won’t say that they’re “cool” with the team no matter how many times Jonny and Guy ask. They then link up with Tyrese, who has changed his name to Tyreseus, explaining that he voluntarily innoculated himself with a “friendly and stable” CFD strain to protect himself from other potential infections. The team decides that seems ok for now?

They gear up at Uptown Arms and Ax. S. Grant’s mechanic shop, fitting out an SUV with extra seats, armor, and an LMG mount, before heading towards Salem to assassinate 2 AZT hitmen and any guards they have (for money and an in with the Neo-A’s). They bypass some sketchy enclaves on the way, figuring they’ll start in the far north and work their way back to the city, doing jobs as they go. They make a deal with some powerful plant spirits protecting one of the NAN separatist enclaves (due to Aylin’s good spirit rep) to get safe passage in exchange for taking out the AZT team and leaving the NAN and plants alone. Aylin splits off at Nahant to look for Erika Knowles, her missing contact.

The rest of the team, with a gung-ho young plant spirit named Fennel along, recon and assault the AZT position. Jonny goes in undercover as a Hellrider (as they see the gang delivering supplies in exchange for processed BADs), and eventually manages to detonate a huge bomb Ratched made, collapsing the school building they were using as a base. The rest of the team slugs it out with some blood adepts, drones, and other guards, barely surviving and losing the car in the process. Ratched and Guy get it to run one last time, racing to the school and saving Jonny from certain death, while Prot0 pulls out all the stops to slay the final AZT cybersolider (one of the main targets). Unfortunately, Tyreseus is killed. Prot0 doesn’t want to approach too close due to CFD fears, so they leave him where he lies, and find an empty building not filled with drained corpses to rest up for the night.

The next day, PPJ projects down to link up with Aylin at the proposed spot, and discovers that Aylin has found Erika Knowles holed up in a ruined lighthouse, injured and hiding out from the mob of shamblers that she unleashed on the former ARES facility to deal with the bug problem there. They make a plan to rescue both of them and heal up before hoofing it down there on foot. The Hellriders also show up looking for another BAD delivery from their AZT contacts, and Jonny has to do some fancy talking to convince them not to turn on the team. Luckily the Hellriders don’t seem to care who gets them BADs as long as someone does, so they put the in touch with Fennel and the plant spirits and facilitate a deal. The plants are also absorbing Swampscott at a rate of about a block per day.

The team heads south to Nahant and sneaks through town, finding an old wireless-free minivan that Ratched and Guy get running. They rig a zipline to get Erika and Aylin out, and escape the mob of headcases with no injury. Erika gives them a bunch of jobs and asks to be dropped off in the Leather District or Nub. They decide to check out Salem, Marblehead, and Peabody first to get the lay of the land. Peabody seems to have a stange matrix signal and lots of headcases so they steer clear for now. Marblehead has a bunch of signs warning non-ARES personnel not to approach, a large earth spirit in astral space, and they lose their flyspy scouting, so they leave that along for now as well. They try to enter Salem but get trapped in some magical fog an find a druid and his ally spirit guarding the border.

They make a deal to hunt down any Tan Robe/Group X operatives in Boston in exchange for future entrance, and notice another huge matrix signal somehwere north of them, presumably either in Salem or at the wall. They head back south, drop Erika off, and heal up. They also check in with Grimes and find that the church’s replacements have told him he is being summoned back to Rome and replaced as soon as the quarantine lifts. They also hear that the Corp Court has engaged some pro assassins to take out highly placed headcases ahead of the end of quarantine.

Prot0 gets some work from Viktor Markwart helping other TM’s, since Grimes may be losing his sport, and the team upgrades their safehouse to accomodate more survivors and give them some stuff to do. The team also gets paid for the AZT mission, with Neo-A’s providing a bounty for the grunts while a rebuilt Tyreseus (though seemingly nearly all Cereus now) gets them their cut of the main bounty. They are disturbed by his changes but he offers them more wetwork as desired. They also go to Mama to get approval for the TM/safehouse plan, and make a deal. Aylin drops Mama a tarot card and is gifted a Tarot card in response.

PPJ leaves with a strange spirit, thinking it may be related to blood crystals, and misses out on all the expansions. The team does some digging on Peabody, and finds that the arena in the Shipyards is getting deliveries from up there of the riggable CFD-infected people and animals they use in their pit fights. The arena is one of the few safe network zones in Boston as they use jammers and crazy repellers to prevent signals leaving and headcases entering, so there is also a local mesh, which Prot0 loves, and it seems like a hot spot for anonymous info brokers. They buy some intel on a few open jobs, and head North again. They sneak into Peabody, past a bunch of rigged shamblers, but are spotted by some leashed ragers. They do a quick recon, spotting what look like some dissonant TM’s, and Prot0 tries a quick matrix scout before being attacked by a powerful AI (Nocebo) and fleeing. They hightail and escape with some clever distractions.

They head back South and report in to BBE, ordering some more armor and another crazy repeller after getting them the plans. Jonny sets up a concert at Avalon, which the Hellriders will do security for and keep the proceeds from (as well as dealing at) to recoup their losses from the missed BAD shipment. Jonny starts booking acts and training his friends to participate, after Prot0 does a mediocre AR show during an open mic.

Secret Labs and Sub Basements
5/7/2019, 8:14:04 PM
Runners
Aleiron Grey
Prot0
Jonny Silver
PepperJack
Ratched the Hatchet
Guy
and introducing:
Aylin Carewell

The team enacts a massive con against Frank Incense, smearing his name as an outsider looking to make trouble for the local church, which under Grimes has been quite helpful during the lockdown. They double down on PPJ having done the right thing in warning Grimes (even though he betrayed the Johnson in this case), and Guy trades on his good rep locally to help sell it. Prot0 and Jonny both expend some of their rep trading on big names/connections from their pasts. Silke gets ahold of the team after a few days and tells them she has a plan- she has made contact with a dangerous spirit who hates disorder, and thinks that they can use PPJ to lure Frank into a trap, now that he is seen as a disorderly presence.

The team agrees, and Guy pilots a boat out towards a crystallized island, the team having spread the rumor that PPJ is trying to flee town by running the barricade. PPJ and Silke are both aboard the boat, and the rest of the team posts up nearby to provide cover. Some Knights of the Red Branch members engage the side time, as they were trying to set up a sniper position of their own. Some more KOTRB with Frank are closing in on speedboats, and Frank, Silke, PPJ, and Guy all exchange spells.

The team’s boat is partially disabled and drifts near the island, as the team shoots the KOTRB boats full of holes. Frank walks on water towards them, blasting PPJ and Guy with a dart gun that cuts off their access to magic. As he nears to secure them, a crystal spar shoots out from the island and impales, lifting him up and encasing him. Problem solved? Silke says a thank you to the crystalline entity and suggests the team get far away quickly. They do so.

They decide to handle Mama’s request next, and dig into Franklin Nockai- he seems to be linked to commuter and transient disappearances going back a ways, and their intel says he should be in or near the sub basement labs of the old NN HQ. They find the spot, and find increasing amounts of larger and larger roaches watching them, which seem to have some kind of gestalt consciousness. PPJ also reports astral space feels roachy. They find a massive vault door sealed up but on approach it swings open and 2 humans in dingy white robes (seemingly altered lab coats) greet them and welcome them.

They bring them to a back room where a cyber-samurai named Norbert is plugged into an old NeoNet server, from what Prot0 can tell he is running a constant memory loop program that seems to be serving the function of keeping him sane(ish). He insists they leave all their weapons and armor, and they do. They begin to be initiated into the cult, eating a strange nutrient paste, and noticing occasional disappearances amongst other members. They are told they will meet Nockai soon for a blessing of his protection, but don’t really make a plan of any sort.

Most of them are summoned to Nockai, Jonny tries to follow but is KO’ed by a guard. Meanwhile, Ratched is worried about the team not turning back up after she’s worked on the safehouse for a few days, and convinces Prot0’s drone to take her back there. The rest of the team finds Nockai seemingly trying to summon a roach queen, but something is messing up the ritual, creating a huge flesh monster composed of the missing cultists. There are also some incomplete merges assisting him. Prot0 sneaks off to Norbert’s chamber and edits his memory feed to trut Prot0 and hate bugs, and then blasts open the observation window into the main ritual chamber (a repurposed lab that the team worries might be the original site of the CFD/dragon experiment).

Norbert starts firing on the bugs and fleshmonster, as Nockai and the bugs attack the team below. Ratched and the drone enter from the front and slay some cultists before joining the fray, and then getting boxed in by more merges. It’s a total bloodbath, and Guy and Aleiron are both badly inured and nearly killed. They do emerge victorious, and Prot0 convinces the team to bring Norbert and the NN server back to their safehouse with them, and also save three cult survivors.

They return to the Nub and drop the cult survivors off, 2 join Aleiron’s cult, and 1 is executed by a Mama’s Boy who assenses him and apparently notices something sketchy. Aleiron buys the others a hotel for a bit. They then go tell Mama what happened, and she seems happy- she says she has been interfering in his rituals as best as she can but it is good to have it done with. She offers a boon for their service. Prot0 and Guy had already headed back to the safehouse with Norbert and the server, so they ask for free rent on their behalf. Mama agrees so long as they stay on her good side. Ratched and PPJ unlock some increased abilities, Jonny gets a large local rep boost, and Aleiron asks to travel to the metaplanes. Mama opens a portal to the Fey Realm and Aleiron dives through, barely saying goodbye, just passing her cult off to a child reporter in Seattle and asking Prot0 to make sure to get a badge to Taysacs.

The rest of the team, surprised at Aleiron’s sudden exit, heads back to the safehouse and recovers. Prot0 preps to do a deep dive on the NN server, and PPJ offers to watch his body while the rest of the team starts looking further into Murai/Reversers. They get some initial info from less secure server partitions- it seems Norbert used to be on a team with a cybersoldier named T1, who has been raiding black labs around town to keep himself and his team functional after their secretive employer was shut down by runners. Norbert was abandoned due to cyberpschosis reducing his functionality. But they get a few other leads of spots to look for more info.

Bubby also shows up with a curious magical-oddity investigator in tow. He introduces her as Aylin Carewell and says that she seems useful, curious, and trustworthy. The team grills her a bit and she seems solid and useful, so they agree to bring her along on the first recon as a test. They head to the only official Murai address they have, on the 128 corridor out at the edge of the QZ. They find evidence of a massive gunfight, seemingly between T1’s team and facility security. T1 won, and took over the facility with some scientist hostages. It’s unclear what they were up to there exactly but they seem to have used it as a base for a time, and the team finds a jump drive that escaped destruction to get Prot0 to look at.

Murai itself seems to have been running some kind of intense nanotech experiments with significant security, while on the outside looking like a run of the mill subsidiary or small medtech lab. Interior infection protocol and prevention looks intense though, and T1 and crew seem to have executed and burned most of the non-scientific facility staff, later executing the scientists as well. There is also evidence of torture. The team finds a mysterious button, and Aylin decides to press it. Everyone else leaves after making sure they haven’t missed anything else, and Aylin presses it, triggering the destruction of the facility through a series of humorous circumstances. The team escapes, and heads back to the safehouse to go over their info…

Back to Boston
4/1/2019, 10:23:41 PM
Runners
Aleiron Grey
Prot0
Jonny Silver
PepperJack
Ratched the Hatchet
and introducing:
Guy the Driver

The team restocks and trains new skills in the BBE supply depot/camp, before heading into the QZ with Frank Incense. The take a gunship and drop PPJ and Aleiron off near the MCZ in order to make contact with the local IOND branch. They succeed and Aleiron gains a new follower in the form of a depressed spirit of man named Lys. PPJ meets the local branch head and strongly dislikes him- not the new father figure he was seeking. Bubby shows up and PPJ sends him on some astral recon around town.

The rest of the team (including Tyrese) drop into the Leather District, and make contact with their driver/guide Guy, and local fixer Smedley Pembrenton. They arrange a dead drop for messages and a storage locker in one of Smedley’s places, and then head underground to find a safehouse. They meet some merchants and survivors in the Nub, get the lay of the land, and make a deal with Mama’s Boyz to clear out a catacombs site for a satellite community in order to be able to use part of it as their safehouse.

PPJ and Aleiron, with a long IOND quest list, catch a ride down to Fort Point with some Vory gangsters, passing a weird crystallized island on the way. They rejoin the rest of the team and they head out into the tunnels to clear some room. They find an old storm overflow chamber with a train car incongruously crashed in the middle of the sloping floor. They fight off and burn a bunch of shamblers, but 2 haters escape. Scouting the area, they find a map of “suspicious technomancer activity” areas that the haters had compiled, and Prot0 wants to dig further.

They climb up to where the train fell from, and find another car still up there but off the tracks. They decide this could be a perfect safehouse, and set explosive traps and a watch for the night. A rager swarm (possibly sent by the haters) attacks and detonates the trap before any team members get exposed, blowing out another chunk of the train tunnel into the chamber below. This leaves the remaining car with holes on either side, but seemingly stable atop an arch- even better safehouse. Ratched heads back to the Nub to get assigned some survivors and get supplies and start building it up.

The rest of the team starts working their first few jobs. They track down some info about missing persons via the Sprawl Scouts and Skraacha in the Leather District, and Mama’s Boyz in the Nub. They find a True Communion sanctuary deep in the Catacombs to the west, and meet their leader Dark Angel, who vows that they aren’t infecting anyone against their will, but are helping the desperate and possibly infected. They also seem to view themselves as in good standing with the local Catholic church under Grimes, though they take their version of communion in their sanctuary. They don’t know who’s behind the disappearances but suggest that there may be a nexus of activity originating under the old NeoNET HQ.

The team, satisfied with that info, heads out, but are approached by an Asamandan ghoul named Klana who asks if they’d like some work: infecting a few particular individuals with HMHVV and convincing them to take Asamando up on a citizenship offer once the lockdown ends. They decline, feeling this is a bridge too far. Klana seems very pro and polite. They head back and are summoned to meet Mama, after Aleiron sees a vision summoning her to The Deep during one of her Blood Eclipse dreams.

They pass through some Mama’z Boyz checkpoints (the inner circle all seem to be ghouls), and Guy decides to hang back. The rest of them head down a cable car through what looks like some kind of massive unfinished dig site, to a huge cylindrical pit. They climb partway down the inside on a rung ladder bolted into the wall, and find a small platform on which they perch, somewhat terrified, as a huge booming voice echoes up from below. The voice sounds grinding and is hard to understand, so the team quickly accepts an offer to switch to telepathy.

They receive some visions of Mama’s history, going back a loooooong way, and very slowly being uncovered, gaining followers, and rising in power. Aleiron is the only one who gets a full understanding, the rest of the group gets fragments. Mama tasks them with tracking down and destroying a man she believes responsible for the disappearances, and who has holed up in some exposed labs beneath the old NeoNET HQ. She says they may become her children if they wish once this task is complete. Aleiron drops a pamphlet into the pit, and Mama says she has learned much from things people have dropped to her. Prot0 can’t find a resonance connection but vows to keep trying.

They link up with Ratched, finish setting up the safehouse with an escape route, protein printer, some security and entertainment, and a small garage with access to the old MBTA yard/repair center, which looks pretty shot up and is overrun with headcases, so they spend some time clearing a secure route in and out of the train tunnel. Guy pulls a car in and they head out to do a little digging at Grimes’ church. They cross paths with some Hellriders on the way, and PPJ takes the chance to look into one of the IOND jobs. They find out that the leader, Wyatt’s, bike has some sort of astral signature (which Aleiron speculates may be a Parliament of Cars-esque spirit), and they arrange for the go-gang to provide security and party favors for Jonny’s next show, hoping to get more info then.

They reach the church, meet Grimes and various other Catholics and survivors, and also some Neo-A’s and a very chill technomancer named Viktor Markwart who Prot0 wanted to find anyway- they make fast friends and plan to collab in the future. Jonny gets in with the Neo-A’s, who are impressed by his stories of taking on Ghostwalker. They find out from Grimes (and ghouls in the basement) that the church has been actively protecting HMHVV-infected and technomancers, as well as a variety of unaffiliated individuals who got stranded downtown when the QZ went up. Grimes actually seems pretty rad, but this also confirms a lot of the suspicions Frank Incense/Rome wanted investigated. Prot0 and Grimes notice that they are both TM’s, also, and plan to communicate further.

They head back to the Leather District, get a message from Frank, and head to South Boston to the address he provided as a meet point. They find a corny but well-kept house with a “welcome” mat and a mana barrier around it. They are allowed through, and enter, finding Frank peeling off some bleach covered gloves and apron which still doesn’t quite mask the smell of blood. They see the kitchen is full murder-room: plastic taped up over everything etc. They are instantly a bit creeped out. He says that he had a rough initial contact with the Knights of the Red Branch, but that they’ve sorted everything out.

As usual, they have a hard time reading him, and he seems to be able to easily see through their attempts at deception. They pass along info and location about the True Communion-ists, and also what they learned at the church downtown, though they stress that Grimes seems to be doing a good job. Frank doesn’t seem interested in their opinions. He says that he may have more work for them in the future but that he considers this satisfactory payment, and Prot0 takes a quick poll about whether the team should kill him. He seems to catch the vibe and readies himself. Guy and Ratched leave, not wanting any part of this.

The rest of the team also exits, slowly, though Aleiron and PPJ especially are pretty pissed. They head back to the safehouse, and PPJ astrally projects to the church to warn Grimes, and ends up telling his bodyguard Silke all about Frank Incense and where he is/what he’s up to. He tells the team, and Jonny and Guy (especially) are piiiiiissed- selling out a Johnson is majorly unprofessional, especially as they are new in town and Guy has made extreme efforts to be cool with everyone, in order to be able to get around. They all planned to warn Grimes but giving away Frank’s info was too far. They team decides to take a vote to determine if PPJ can remain in the crew or not, and Prot0 launches a massive PR campaign, pulling on all of his street cred to do it, to smear Frank’s rep in town before he finds out and burns them.

Reality Rips
1/25/2019, 10:46:28 PM
Runners
Aleiron Grey
Prot0
Jonny Silver
PepperJack
and introducing:
Kayra
Ratched the Hatchet

Before they head to meet, Prot0 gets a load of investigative jobs from Perri, who wants the team to look into some cybermercs Bennett was using called Zero Day, as well as continue investigating the Null Sect, and another assassin/group called Synapse. Someone has been installing cranial shields into kidnapped TM’s, as well as persecuting and framing AI’s, e-ghosts, and TM’s, and Perri wants to know who. She also thinks one or more of these entities may be behind the Nexus’ beef with Jackpoint. And finally, she wants any info the team can get on De la Mars’ plan for a matrix security overhaul, which she is apparently planning to roll out in GW’s “New Denver.”

The team also hears reports of mass casualties and detainment centers in the AZT district, grudging cooperation from the PCC and Sioux, and lots of bluster and big talk from the UCAS/CAS, but not substantive action. The troll street preachers and militias have increased their activities, and ZDF troops have continued to let Warrens gangs roam free anywhere except the Hub, while the respective districts slowly dissolved and evacuate in preparation for GW’s seemingly inevitable takeover.

The cold calculation of the dragon only becomes clear in retrospect, as it has come out that the same day he made his demand and shut off the Denver matrix, the Corporate Court stripped NeoNet of it’s AAA and announced significant damages against it, as well as banning Richard Villiers from any CEO position for life, in response to their findings of fault for Boston. They also finally gave Spin Industries it’s long-sought third “A”, proving that Johnny Spinrad’s machinations and campaigns of the last few years were successful. The CC also possessed NN’s new home, the St Louis Archology, leaving them baseless. Reports of desperate new SINless former NN citizens flooding the streets (and shadows) have emerged globally.

Amidst this, the team is hired to look into what has been causing these reality rips that have been troubling the town. They get a bit of info from Darien Black, and some more on the Nexus, as well as some from their Johnson, including a dossier on where to start looking, before a rip opens at the meet, and they have to hustle the Johnson out, bringing another group of runners and THEIR Johnson along in the chopper. This other group is quite grateful and offers their services if needed, and the Johnson says that if they find any more tarot, SK is very interested.

PPJ captured one of the strange cartoon-ish creatures that emerged from the rip, and hands it over to Darien (and the team gets to witness some of their very unhealthy dynamic). Darien promises to share the IOND’s findings asap, and the team heads back to the safehouse to start digging. They decide to start their investigations in the warrens, at the first site picked out by the Johnson.

Using astral observation, matrix research, and social skills, they home in on an abandoned and run down mansion that seems to be the epicenter of local reality rips. They infiltrate through a disheviled garage and find it heavily armored and reinforced on the inside. They destroy some cameras, but maybe not in time. They also find a ton of small aerial drones and vats full of chemicals, with a system to load the chems into the drones. Ratched ID’s the liquid as a catalyst that will trigger a genetic sequence that Paladin clinics have been implanting in metahumans throughout the sprawl. They disable the system and rig some grenades to destroy as much as they can, and then find a hidden elevator into a tunnel to the house’s basement.

They get into a major firefight with a cybered-up goon and a decker, as well as two powerful spirits. They take them out, and Ratched steals the goon’s legs. Prot0 manages to get some data from the decker/spider’s setup, but loses some of the data to security measures. They also find a magical lodge, and determine that this is a Black Lodge chantry. PPJ gathers what he can, but all the mana being slung about during the fight opened up some reality rips and they have to flee further into the basement from the things that come through after them.

They fight off 2 terrifying biowaredogs that seem possessed, and find a hidden passage into what looks like an old mine shaft, and another huge ritual chamber ringed with orichalcum. They interrupt the lodgemaster and her 2 acolytes, and get into a brutal brawl. They manage to defeat the lodge members, with Aleiron in wolf form using her vengeance tarot card to chase down and kill the leader as she tries to flee further into the mine. This reminds the team that they had heard rumors of an old mineshaft under the nearby Paladin clinic, which was used as body disposal. They decide to flee that way, and eventually make their way out another exit in the south Warrens.

PPJ, thinking about what they saw, realizes that the ritual was in its early stages, and likely many more BL members would have been there had they gone later. They also hear reports of a large explosion in the Warrens, seemingly having destroyed the house they just left while the were underground. There go their dreams of orichalcum riches…. They report into the Johnson, and heal up for a bit before starting the next leg of the investigation. PPJ splits off to go over all the Lodge material at the IOND.

The team heads to the CAS sector next, and finds it a shitshow. As the evacuation deadline comes up, there are miles long traffic jams, and CAS/LoneStar checkpoints everywhere, with ZDF “observers” aggressively keeping an eye on it all but not helping. They make their way to Doorkickers to try to find out what happened to the last operative Mr. Johnson sent here, and continue his digging. They manage to find and defuse a tense standoff, mostly due to Jonny Silver being so cool. It seems the shops owner has been hiring runners on behalf of a CAS general (secretly) and one of the teams took some heavy hits on a job and came back looking for revenge.

Jonny talks them into taking product instead, and gets info on the General from the proprietor in exchange for helping save his life (though he had enough explosives to go out on his own terms). The team then buys a map from a street dealer to sneak through back alleys to the amusement park where the CAS military evacuation of the sector is based. Jonny leaves the dealer a MeFeed review, which later gets the dealer killed. Woops. The team successfully makes their way to the park with no major trouble, thanks to the map, and starts looking for a way in.

They decide to take out a small motor pool squad that is ditching civilian cars in a mall parking lot after the civvies get sorted in the tent city in the park to await air evacuation. The team’s ambush goes quite sideways, but they do eventually succeed, and get uniforms and badges for everyone. They are aided by the chaos of the situation, and the last minute/impromptu nature of the camp. They also meet a real urban survivor ork child who is holed up in a Stuffer Shack who comes out to loot the military dudes while they’re ko’ed (or dead, for a few).

The team bluffs their way onto the base, and Ratched heads to the med tent to maintain their cover, restock the medkit, and find an escape vehicle. The rest of the team heads to the command post to find the General. However, someone got there first- all of the command staff is dead, and some kind of deck has been plugged into the main comms terminal. They race upstairs to find more bodies, and the General dying from a bad sword cut, having only gotten a few shots off. The assassin leaps out the window as Kayra enters, leaving a beast Jaguar spirit to cover her retreat, she seems to be an elf woman and looks like probably the same person who followed the team on motorcycle before an AZT assault previously.

The Jaguar heavily injures Prot0 and Kayra and chases off the others, before also exiting. The team flees the building, barely escaping before it is levelled by some missiles launched from some mysterious jets that do a supersonic flyover. They flee in a medical jeep that Ratched steals, and head back to the mall, where they swap for a civilian mini van and head back to the safehouse to heal up. They rest for a day and a half while Jonny makes a very popular guest appearance at a Front Range benefit concert to cover medical costs for people injured in the recent troubles and “heal Denver.” Jonny advocates for the poor and downtrodden, and gets the crowd riled and invested.

The team then heads to the Sioux sector, via Rhinegold’s smuggling services, to look for a smuggler who may have some intel. They hit up a bar he supposedly frequents, and manage to successfully navigate the subtle nuances of Sioux culture well enough to get some info. Some local runners try to drink them under the table, but also tell them where the smuggler’s mechanic shop is, and warn them that he’s been real paranoid and recently came into some big paydays. Sounds like they found their guy…. The team heads out to check it out. They eventually discover him dead amidst a bunch of disabled or tripped traps, and find his place trashed- looks like someone beat them there.

They find a shipping manifest, and find out he’s been bringing in rare reagents and powerful ritual supplies, and track the deliveries to Horse Trot Ranch. They infiltrate (with an incredibly brazen distraction, when PPJ intentionally causes a rift, gets captured and interrogated, and has his memory erased), and find a powerful circle of Sioux shamans, aspected towards multiple mentors, and some impressively clean mana/astral space. The shamans explain that they are trying to keep the city from falling apart, and keep the rips from spreading towards Yellowstone, and are prepared to sacrifice themsevles if needed. They hint that Aztlan might be behind the various deaths and conspiracies, and coordinating against GW. They then KO the team, and they wake up again back in the smuggler’s lair. They escape the Sioux sector and lay low to heal up.

Heading for the last job segment, they interview some rift watchers in the PCC and then get into a gunfight with an AZT strike team hiding out seemingly keeping an eye on a large arena which may contain a ritual. In over their heads, they call in the ZDF, and Prot0 uses his last use of the 404 tarot card to help them escape. They meet the Johnson who’s a bit disappointed with the final leg of the mission, and pressures the team to do one more thing for a little more money- they agree, and he opens a rift and sends them to a metaplane.

They work their way through multiple lairs, detonating small packages the Johnson gave them, which seem to sever the lairs as they go (and based on their clown theme suggest that Harlequin is either behind this or someone wants it to seem so). After traveling to the peak and surviving an ambush, they find a strange tower filled with arcane mysteries, and verify that they have been traveling through the metaplanes GW assembled to bring Zebulon back. However, they have to hurry as the plane and mountain seem to be coming apart under them. They find a fight between GW and Harlequin happening on the tower’s peak, and agree to help Harlequin destroy Zebulon to save Denver, and do so.

GW and Harlequin, both injured, survive the fight and the tower’s collapse, as does the team, but Zebulon is destroyed. Harlequin opens a portal back to Denver and suggests the team join him, but Kayra decides to take a chance at her revenge and shoots GW, to no effect, and is swiftly eaten. PPJ, seeing this, keeps his anger in check and the team flees. They emerge in the Warrens, and Harlequin suggests they get out of town ASAP, and then splits.

The team contacts Frank Incense, their Catholic contact, and make arrangements to leave via BBE merc corp, who has fake ID’s and whatnot prepared to get them out of town. They bail fast as GW’s deadline comes, and the Denver borders and matrix get locked down. They land outside Boston in what looks to be staging area BBE is setting up to run support for other merc’s pushing back into the city sometime soon, and start gearing up to head in and lay low for a while, as they hear GW is looking for them…

False Flag(s)
1/25/2019, 9:54:00 PM
Runners
Aleiron Grey
Three Card
Yanko Lazer
Prot0
Jonny Silver
PepperJack

The runners meet a Johnson about a high-paying smuggling job, but something seems a little off. As best they can tell, he’s receiving live instruction on how to respond to them, but they pay’s quite good and they can’t find anything obviously fishy so they agree. They hear shortly after that the remote junkyard that was the site of the meet exploded spectacularly shortly after their visit there, and are they glad that they narrowly dodged…. something?

They meet up with Michael Wind-Rider, a risky but respected local t-bird smuggler, who is recently back in the air after getting shot down on a border crossing a few months back. He tells them to prepare for a few days travel and they take off. First they fly to another junkyard outside Reno, this one looking like old US military from the teens, and meet a dwarf rigger, who passes over the package, a sealed and warded crate. They load up and head north through the PCC, dodging patrols. At a refueling stop, they almost lose a fight with some snakes.

They then cross into SIoux terrirtory (Prot0’s TM abilities proving quite useful!), and make another fuel stop at a smuggler’s alliance depot, but find it overrun by Prairie Igasho, obnoxious “lost cause” nomad survivalist types. PPJ successfully negotiates with them for fuel, but then Jonny insists on getting involved and blows the whole thing (they aren’t fans, as it turns out), and 3 Card ends up killing a teenager and feeling rather bad about it (though he was attacking her). They escape with the fuel, and Michael launches a missile into the half-built terminal the Igasho were using for shelter, as revenge for killing his friends who previously ran the place. The team speculates that this may have killed as many as a few dozen people, mostly children.

They fly on, crossing into UCAS territory, after setting down to wait for an ideal time and covering the craft with ruthenium tarps. They make it to a remote private terminal at Stapleton Airport/Base and call for a pickup, but quickly come under attack. A blood adept that the team recognizes from the Los Espejos base nearly kills Jonny, and an invisible blood mage badly injures Yanko and a few others. A sniper kills Michael and almost takes out other team members before sneaking away (and seemingly leaving no blood magic traces). An ork with a military look shows up from the Johnson and gives the team a van to leave with, saying he’ll clean up at the airfield. He gives them Wind-Rider’s share as well.

The Johnson also provides a hotel safehouse in the UCAS sector. Prot0 upgrades his medical drone, which keeps watch over Jonny and Yanko while the rest of the team scouts and attempts another job for the same Johnson: a quick snatch and grab at a local brothel. They have a pretty enjoyable time scouting, exploring various new areas of their respective sexualities, as well as getting a lot of useful info on their target and the house’s security. However, when they come back for the grab, with a lot of specialty tools, they find they’ve been set up. One of the targets bodyguards (who turn out to all be secret service) have killed him and the other guards, and badly wounded his companion for the evening.

The team manages to stabilize the injured woman, but the guard’s head explodes from an implanted bomb before they can capture- he briefly registers a look of hate and disappointment before they detonation, seemingly knowing what’s coming. They flee the house, not encountering anyone else as they are funneled to the street. KE shows up suspiciously quick, and the team is debating a blaze of glory ending when Prot0 gets a message signed with a rabbit mark that says “surrender and trust me”, so they do.

They get interrogated by some bruisers and kicked around a good bit, until “a fed” shows up to take over their case- apparently the man they are believed to have killed is none other than UCAS rep Iain Lesker, and they are being implicated in the bombing at his office as well. However, the fed is none other than Puck, who says that if they agree to help him he will get them clear of this. They do. He gets them out and to a safehouse in the warrens, where they catch up on the news of an eventful few days- Lesker wasn’t the only government or corp type to get hit (or vanish), and there have been some major infrastructure hits in the various sectors as well as mercs massing on the Aztlan sector border, seemingly under ZDF command.

Meanwhile, Yanko and Jonny barely survive a hit attempt at their hotel “safehouse”, and manage to make it out, make contact with Puck, and also get to the safehouse. They noticed some large explosions at a UCAS military base nearby and a power substation, so something is kicking off. Puck suggests it’s GW making a move of some sort, and say he wants to find out what, and also get back at the team’s traitorous Johnson, GW’s special ops/intelligence cleaner, an elf named Bennett.

The team agrees, and they pull a wild data heist at the ZDF command center in the Hub, which Puck has been preparing for. He and Prot0 get the data (barely) while the rest of the team holds off the guards and gets them out of there (also barely). They heal up for a few hours at the safehouse until Puck insists they head out, seeming very distraught- the ZDF know one of the Nexus’ new locations and are going to hit it shortly. The team must help! They reluctantly agree when promised money and other rewards.

They race to a rundown area near the CAS border and warn Perri and the other admins who are there, who start calling in favors and evacuating people- this is where most of the sick, young, and injured from the last attack washed up, as well as being a major data center, so they have some work to do. Meanwhile, a broadcast comes out from GW giving a very short deadline for anyone not loyal to him and him alone to leave Denver, and promising hellfire for Aztlaners. Then the matrix shuts down.

The team starts helping to organize a desperate defense, giving the defenseless people and the data time to get clear via secret escape tunnels that the ZDF seems unaware of. An eclectic mix of runners, mercs, hackers, dealers, bikers, gangers, smugglers, Sons of Sauron and Diamond Eyes band together into impromptu squads and divy up the armaments onhand. They demo a few nearby buildings to create more bottlenecks and slow the ZDF’s approach, and the team splits off to attempt a possibly suicidal alpha strike on the ZDF’s rear command post, where Bennet will be. Prot0 activates a tarot card he was sent by Zany Zuni (the rabbit mark entity- apparently connected to the Denver Exchange.)

They successfully make their approach, hearing the whole time over shortwave that the defenders are taking heavy losses, but slowing the ZDF to a crawl as the evacuation continues. Yanko engages a milspec armored ork (the one with the van from before), using a power granted to him by a tarot card gifted him by an elderly Russian sniper at the Nexus. He channels pure electricity through himself, obliterating the ork as well as himself in the process, and creating one of the “reality rips” the team has been hearing about. Prot0 uses the tarot power, a rose icon on his comm, to brick 2 devices, saving the last use for an emergency.

The rest of the team, shocked, takes out other ZDF guards and drones as 3 Card makes her way to the command trailer. Bennett emerges in more milspec to take them on, but is engaged by some sort of pure electrical spirit in Yanko’s shape that emerges through the rift, before pulling them both back through as it stitches closed. 3 Card slipped through the door as Bennet exited, and in her chemsuit, drops 2 7-Seven grenades into the mass of deckers and riggers, who all quickly jack out, presumably spotting their peril on camera. They rush 3 Card with hand weapons and small arms, but she is an expert of 52 blocks, and she keeps them from the door til they all die.

This gives the Nexus folks just enough time to finish the evacuation and blow the building just at the final ZDF wave arrives- 12 troops in full milspec, who finished off the last of the defenders. The team hustles to the rally point, finding only Puck and Perri waiting. They get brought back to the Warren’s safehouse, paid well, and proclaimed heroes for saving the Nexus (they are also made members). One of the Diamond Eyes had told them to expect a call as “their boss was interested in the team”, and sure enough, a mysterious new Johnson calls to set up a meet, though as far as they can tell it isn’t Harlequin himself.

After restocking, healing, and mourning their dead, they agree to a meet. Sadly, their team is down a few members: 3 Card, finally having earned enough for a near-perfect fake SIN, says her goodbyes and flies back to Seattle after some cyber-alterations, to start a new life with Gina, completing her goal of :get good, get out, and get the girl", though she pays a price in nightly PTSD flashbacks to the things she did and saw to get there. Yanko’s name is inscribed in the memorial wall at the original Nexus site, a pilgrimage spot for hackers and TM’s, alongside those who died fighting the wyrm Jormungandr during the 2nd Crash, and the defenders who died during the ZDF’s last assault.

Aleiron, distraught at the loss of exit of her 2 longterm companions, retreats to Frantic’s bar, where Frantic opens a portal to the astral crossroads city of Yann Ti. She finds another tarot card on her pillow on her 2nd night, seemingly offering a path to revenge on her enemies, and she debated returning to the team. Puck has brought in a new runner in town, a Neo-A medic from Chicago named Ratched, and they team also hires an extra gunhand named Kayra through Darien Black. Off to the meet they go!

Pick a Card, Any Card
1/7/2019, 7:20:16 PM
Runners
Aleiron Grey
Three Card
Yanko Lazer
Prot0
Jonny Silver
PepperJack

Yanko goes on a (sober) bender while the rest of the team digs into the newly acquired set of Tarot cards. Prot0 goes on his first Resonance dive in modern matrix and finds his way to the Endless Archive, seemingly the home realm of his Paragon The Archivist. To get there he has to pass the Event Horizon and overcome the Cipher’s test, which involves showing Prot0 what effect “helping” Caribou actually had on both Caribou himself and the other residents of the Warrens. Prot0 resolves not to act without full info again in the future, and Cipher accepts this as a lesson learned.

Prot0 trades some info he has acquired that has never been digitized before in trade with the strange librarian sprites at the Archive in exchange for secret info, mostly on the 6th World Tarot. He finds hints at what powers the cards might have, how one might use them, some theories about possible origins, and a number of groups interested in the cards for various reasons. He also confirms the team’s interpretation of the cards- predicting the return of a figure from Hopi legend, which could be a big shakeup in the power structure in Denver during the ongoing Treaty re-negotiations.

Meanwhile, PPJ takes a thorough astral look at the cards, and does some digging at the IOND’s libraries (or at least the sections he’s been admitted to), and finds some further info, about rituals and the like involving the cards, as well as about Hopi magical traditions. The team has a long back and forth on what to do, and makes some calls to get some price options. Their Mona Lisa program has also returned some results from faces visible on the cards they have, and one of them seems to be a A-rated corp CEO from Azania named Joseph Mnguni, and unwisely calls him with no research (breaking his recent promise to Cipher and himself).

PPJ is able to tell that the cards are magically connected in some way, and that the Matrix card has a fire-y aspect, so they head into the Warrens to meet up with Frantic and enlist her help. Jonny is doing a club appearance for his label, but tells them to call in a pinch. They get to Frantic’s bar, and she says the card is actually electrical not fire, and suggests they consult Sam at the gadget shop next door. Prot0 gets a call back from Mnguni, who threatens him a bit, and Prot0 hangs up and does some research- apparently he’s known for taking excessive revenge against adversaries and is currently being courted by none other than Johnny Spinrad for a potential merger. Prot0 vows to actually stick to his earlier vow from now on.

They head to Sam’s shop, run a current through the card after some study, and debate what to do- Sam says it seems like it wants to discharge into something and shouldn’t be harmful, so Prot0 touches it and gains some additional TM powers, though they feel fleeting. The card is also destroyed in the process. PPJ takes off to get an offer for the set from the IOND before any more cards get wrecked, and shortly after the team comes under attack from a bar patron at Frantic’s who seems possessed.

Frantic asks them to leave so she can clean up the other dead patrons in her bar, which they do, taking up a defensive position outside til Grog arrives with his cab to drive them to the exit. Unfortunately, he also is possessed and crashes the car and attacks them. They manage to fend him off and hoof it to the exit, where Jonny is waiting with a van and some smooth-talking to get them through.

They agree they need to get the cards sold ASAP, and get prices from a Hopi rep and from the IOND. The IOND pays a little more, and seems to plan to pass the cards on to the Hopi to gain influence with them, so the team sells to them (over Aleiron’s objections, who wants to give the cards to the Hopi nation as the rightful recipients of the prophecy). They get the IOND to promise to share research info on the cards. Jonny and 3C use their big payday to upgrade some ’ware, while PPJ takes a major hit on his cut to make the deal happen.

The next day, they finally meet up with the Papal Delegation, and arrange to make introductions to Lupus’ clinic in the Warrens. The Catholics want to fund and expand it, but need to move quietly. The team thinks this will likely be both a major medical improvement for Warrens denizens and also a front for Catholic spies, whatever they’re up to here. The Bishop also hints that the Church would be interested in hiring the team to escort a Vatican investigator into Boston to look into reports that the Archdiocese there has gone a bit far afield.

The team is terrified, but the promise of secure transport out of Denver, a big payday, and the possibility of tracking down the Reverser Nanites for a potential CFD cure all seems quite appealing. They agree to think on it. PPJ and Jonny head into the Hub in disguise, to deliver the package they received from Los Espejos, as they got a message saying delivery should be done that day. They find the address, the offices of the UCAS Council rep, and decide that in case this package is sketchy they should use a cutout. They hire a courier, but sketch the first guy out too much, so they hire another courier from a different company and send the package. Shortly thereafter, there is a report of an alchemical explosion at the office, and they hear some screaming in the distance. They quickly exit the Hub, and switch SINs and disguises, worried about what they just did (though it seems they missed the UCAS rep, if that was the target).

They head back to the hotel to hole up for a bit, and the team gets a reminder that they have a smuggling job on the table, which is coming up- they accept, and get the details for the meet.

All The Hits
12/14/2018, 2:35:16 PM
Runners
Aleiron Grey
Three Card
Yanko Lazer
Prot0
Jonny Silver
PepperJack

The team, including the various new members, takes on another wetwork job, this time killing 3 associates of Brackhaven/the Human Nation’s, who were revealed by Prot0’s successful hack at the Paladin clinic. They carefully research and plot, and manage to do all 3 really pro, impressing the unknown Johnson (a blank humanoid matrix avatar who sounds like old money). They fake an allergic reaction with 1 PR hack who looks to have been coordinating with Aztlaner elements, stage an accidental OD with a member of the Diversity Council who’s a secret metaracist, and brutally murder a Corporate Council advisor from Brackahven Investments on july 4th at a celebratory Miracle Shooter fest. They get paid, well, and told they’ll be contacted for future work as needed.

They soon get an inquiry about looking into the death of the unofficial Aztlan sector’s Mayor, the official story says heart attack but the Nexus says arrow… They also come across a number more tarot cards, and contact Annie about them, as well as upgrade their fake SINs via Sierra Corp again. Annie tells them Wat is back in Seattle but seems “off”. They worry, but what can you do?

They get hired by the same mysterious matrix contact to look into the AZT Mayor, and do some research on how to cross that border. They eventually make contact with an old man at the Conservatory in the CAS sector, which seems like a hub for AZT spycraft (GW’s ban be damned!) and get a map to a location in the abandoned tunnels under Denver. They make their way there and encounter an AZT spec ops team, with a frighteningly powerful spirit. They are all magical, and seem connected slightly to blood magic, which PPJ is not pumped about, but manages to deal with for the moment.

They agree to the strike team’s terms: the runners will be allowed into the Aztlan sector, but will be guided throughout and will be expected to draw a certain conclusion (basically that GW is behind it), though they are free to examine “all the evidence” (or so the strike team says). The team, lacking alt options, agrees, and heads in. They find it very clean and orderly, but with a heavy military presence, and the obvious refuse of some heavy fighting against CAS and LoneStar elements. Also, most of the CAS-imported businesses seem to have been looted or destroyed.

They do a bunch of digging in the morgue, the Mayor’s office, and the assassin’s perch, as well as examining her commlink contents, and are also given a video file of GW’s voice meeting with Tir Tairngire reps shortly before the assassination, and draw the conclusion that the strike team seems to want them to: this is the work of the legendary elven assassin Toast, and likely GW who hired him. Prot0 reports that to the Johnson shortly after ignoring another message from a sprite asking him to contact a commcode before completing their mission. They also report that the Aztlaners seemed to want the team to reach this conclusion, but figure the Johnson will do what he wants with that.

They get paid, and the Johnson says, again, that he’s satisfied and will be in touch. They also get 2 more tarot cards, and piece together a puzzle predicting the return of Pahana, a figure from Hopi legend that could (if true) prove a major upset in the local power balance. They do a lot of research, but hold off on selling the info for now. They are also contacted by a new Johnson about running security on a smuggling gig in a few days time.

secret hirer is Jonathan Blake

Denver Adventures
12/4/2018, 2:27:20 PM
Runners
Aleiron Grey
Butter
Eion Smash
Three Card
Watt Tinbo
Yanko Lazer
Grackle

The team engages in an aerial firefight with some Great Hunt Tir border patrol militia, but manage to barely squeak by. Limping into the UCAS sector of the FRFZ, their pilot Blackhawk tells them to put on diamond insignia and makeup, just to help clear security. The team, lacking other info, complies. They land, leave the military area of the base/airport combo, and remove their disguises in the bathrooms before clearing customs. It seems Sierra Corp did good work with their new SINs, as they get through without much trouble.

They notice an unusually large percentage of orks and trolls, as well as a fair amount of troll COTD street preachers. The UCAS sector also seems exceptionally tense, with a well-armed citizenry. The team splits into 3 groups- Butter, Aleiron and 3 Card head to the Hub to try to make some local contacts, Grackle splits off to fix up his armor and deck from the last run, and Eion, Yanko, and Wat head into the Aurora Warrens with Ada on the motorcycle and sidecar, aiming to have a look around before the meet with the Johnson later tonight.

The Hub team makes contact with an anti-corp magic user named Digger, who hangs out at a multi-tier club called Tower of Babel. He gives them some local intel, and they also meet an older elf technomancer named Prot0 who offers his assistance as a local guide and matrix expert (he’s looking into the team on behalf of the Nexus). They hang around for a while and wait for the meet to get a little closer before heading into the Hub. Meanwhile, the Warrens team has hit a rough patch. They get in just fine, but the guards are pretty clear that people generally aren’t let back out. They also don’t see many vehicles inside. And they have a lot of decently expensive equipment and are obviously not from there, instantly marking them as targets.

The team sees signs everywhere that a gang called the Zombies seems to have taken over all of the turf in the Warrens, tagging over other gangs signs and posting lookouts all around. The lookouts seem to be reporting on the team’s movements, so they they decide to force a confrontation. Some gangers on beat up bikes arrive for a classic shakedown, which Wat almost successfully negotiates before Eion starts a fight. The team wins, but are pretty shredded (Wat and Ada especially), and more gangers incoming.

They head for a local street doc that Butter gets contact info for, and they race to the Smoky Hill Bazaar in the south Warrens. They meet the Doc, a sketchy transhumanist named Lupus Doubek who says she can only save either Wat or Ada. Eion and Yanko choose Wat, and approve Lupus’ plan to use some of Ada’s parts to “improve” him. The Zombie gangers quickly show up outside the clinic, and their leader, and ex-Yakuza troll named Ohnee, challenges Eion to single combat, which Eion accepts.

Eion gets a couple good hits in, and Yanko is starting to think it might go his way, when Eion has a bad dodge and gets decapitated by Ohnee’s combat chainsaw. Grackle quickly makes a meme of the footage and shares it widely. So not a very subtle arrival in Denver overall. However, this seems to placate the Zombie gang, and some of Eions Infected blood splatters some of the gangers so it seems likely some of him may live on…

Lupus is fascinated with the Evo mods that Wat has, and Yanko puts her in touch with Squeamish, and she arranges some experiments, sending Ada and Eion’s brains to Seattle. Wat, upon waking, is horrified by this whole sequence of events, and leaves the team, making a withdrawal from team funds to cover bribes and transit, and seemingly bound for Seattle, claiming he needs to prevent anything else from happening to Ada. 3 Card is pretty distraught, having lost her 2 closest team-mates. Butter warns Squeamish that Wat may be inbound and looking for trouble.

The remaining team heads to the meet with the Johnson, and get the lowdown on the job- a local clinic that provides cheap and free medical care to the Warrens poor is possibly engaged in some sketchy activity and they want the team to investigate. Prot0 suggests getting another local runner involved, a rocker face named Jonny Silver. They make contact and meet him at his concert that night. He agrees to help, and asks around about rumors about the clinic, and finds that they seems to be sterilizing metahumans using “existing injuries” as a cover.

The team does a casual infiltration of the hospital, minus Grackle, who has gotten in good with the Zombie gang, and is mostly hanging with them. Mostly, it goes well, and Aleiron and Prot0 manage to get the data they need from the basement with an escape assist from Jonny Silver. However, 3 Card’s plan for being on scene goes sideways, and she ends up getting sterilized. Extra angry and sad now, she’s in a dark place, and is ignoring Gina’s calls or responding with terse texts. They meet the Johnson again, who is quickly assassinated by human supremacists.

The team succeeds in surviving after a tough fight, taking out the human goons in the bar, but allowing the 2 more skilled assassins to escape. However, they capture one of their silenced pistols, which has an ornate engraving of a Flaming Sword on it. They also capture their roto-drone with a mounted assault rifle. Butter and Prot0 start fixing it up. Meanwhile, the Johnson’s friend introduces himself as Parker James, and says he’s the money behind the job and he wants the team to keep at it. He asks them to rescue a street doc named Hippocrates who’s gotten himself in some sort of trouble. Most of the team takes a cab over to his clinic, while Butter decides to walk.

The clinic is in a strip mall renamed “Paradise Lost” that some ex-runners retired to, opening up 7 businesses adjacent to each other, surrounding his clinic, he being their longtime favorite local street doc. Pretty much a one stop shop for runners. They don’t have much time to investigate, however, as the clinic looks to have sustained some battle damage. They hurry in, neglecting to warn Butter of the glowing eyed dogs their cabby warned them of on the way. Butter, walking over, finds himself stalked by said dogs, and after failing to take some border guards into helping him, he gets caught and killed by them. Tyrese leaves the team to run to a would-be rescue, but is too late, though he manages to drive off the dogs before Butter’s body is too badly damaged.

The rest of the team finds a total slaughter in the clinic, it looks like some human supremacist goons got into with the clientele, leading to multiple casualties, and Jonny finds a group of more goons waiting nearby. He lures them out but they give chase heavily and the team ends up in a rolling firefight. The team members inside find a man hiding in back who says he’s an employee who hid during the slaughter, and doesn’t know where Hippocrates went, and seems surprised when they team suggests he has a safe room onsite. They find it, and open it up, finding the Doc, but the man they found reveals himself as an assassin and tries to take out the Doc.

3 Card throws herself in front of the shot and is nearly ko’ed, and the team gets into a hard fight with the cybered-up madman. Tyrese rushes in at the last minute and saves the day with a machine-gun burst and then dives on the man’s suicide grenade. The protection spell from the Parliament of Cars reassembles Tyrese from his exploded components, shocking the team. Yanko takes the Doc to the provided safehouse until James can get him out of town, while the rest of the team retrieves Butter.

They bring him back to Lupus’ clinic, and scrap him for parts. A lot of his softer bits have gotten eaten by urban critters, so they sell off his ‘ware, except for his control rig, which they give to Tyrese (upon his request). They forget to do anything with his remains otherwise, just leaving them in a corner at Lupus’. They get drunk at a local bar before heading to the safehouse. They hang there for a few days while the Doc heals them up, before he’s picked up and spirited out of town.

James gives them another job- tracking down local victims of the clinic, getting their stories, and finding out specifically which Doctors were involved. He needs this to happen fast, in order to assassinate those doctors, before other members of his group (the Sons of Sauron) follow through on their plan to bomb the clinic. The team interviews a number of locals, meeting some real characters, as well as finding a vamp gang called Nocturna, who provide safe haven to people on their turf in exchange for non-lethal amounta of blood. They also meet and IOND mage named PepperJack who seems to be investigating the same issue, although in his case it is because the clinic appears to be doing the same sketchy business with awakened individuals as well as metas.

The team is also offered some side jobs of finding info on who is funding/behind the clinic, as well as finding more proof of their experiments on the awakened. They agree to do them if they can, and make a list of 11 clinic staff, doctors, etc to kill. They make a plan to get everyone in, and implement. Proto provides matrix support from outside while Jonny riles up the crowd of protesters assembled after James leaked the info the team had gathered thus far, and Yanko keeps an eye on the exits to make sure the team can get out.

3 Card and Aleiron, in disguise as the clinic’s outreach doctors (who they have killed) head in and split up, while PPJ enters from the CAS side (as he possesses a legal SIN). PPJ takes out 2 admins and gets a data tap on their system, where Prot0 is able to salvage some data that they were trying to delete, and finds a secret back passage to a financial holdings company that they’re in touch with, implying Brackhaven involvement.

3C takes out 5 more of the targets as the clinic enters lockdown, while Aleiron slays the remaining 2 in wolf form. The team broadcasts the kills, which Jonny uses to rile up the crowd further, and James uses to prevent the bombing. Aleiron manages to sneak out the Warrens side with Yanko’s help just before they fully lock down, while 3 Card has to sneak and fight through the facility to the far side, where she escapes with magical assistance from PPJ. The team reunites and collects a massive payday.

They use some of their money to fund Lupus’ clinic to provide free care to the Warrens for 2 weeks, since the clinic shuts down. They also get some more offers of work- one of the side job Johnsons wants them to assassinate some human supremacist figures revealed from the data they stole, and Jonny’s manager wants their help aggressively recruiting some talent away from Horizon. However, they are forced to hole up for a few days while a massive manastorm rolls through town. Aleiron gets into some romantic hangs with a free spirit named Frantic who runs a bar in Paradise Lost while the rest of the team tries to bond a bit. Tyrese is thrilled to be able to carry his gun all the time, and excited to find that people in the Warrens will pay him to shoot people. The team decides to keep a little distance from Tyrese.

After the manastorm, news comes in that Aztlan has managed to use that, and the distraction to the ZDF caused by citywide protests against the Paladin clinic chain, to retake some of their old turf in the CAS sector. No response from Ghostwalker as yet, but things are tense. There are also report of street brawls between the Diamond Eyes gang and citizens militias led by troll street preachers. The team decides to do the recruiting job first, heading to the Wonderland club in the Hub. The proprietor Alyss doesn’t take kindly to illusion use in her club, as Yanko and PPJ quickly discover.

Jonny and Aleiron, disguised as caterers, dose a round of shots with Tracker RFIDs, and 3Card and Yanko initiate a fake brawl to ID which members of the Horizon star’s entourage might be undercover security. Prot0, on lookout, ID’s 3 of them, and 3C spots another keeping an eye on things from a distance. They get everyone to drink the shots, and Prot0 sends the relevant tracker signals to the Johnson, who pays up. They exit the club, and come under fire from a concealed sniper, who wrecks Prot0’s “assistant” drone, and nearly kills most of the team, before they injure them enough that they flee, just ahead of the ZDF’s arrival.

The ZDF confiscates the drone’s gun and disables it’s hidden weapon mount, but otherwise clears the team, as they were attacked, and defended themselves pretty responsibly. Jonny and Aleiron sneak off unnoticed. Prot0 manages to give a false ID using a resonance trick, but the rest of the team is on the ZDF’s radar now, though the predominantly ork and troll squad take kindly to Yanko and 3C’s Sierra Corp ID’s. The team heads back to the CAS sector to their hotel “safehouse”, which also houses a Papal Delegation. They get a message requesting a meeting from the Catholics, and also hear the news that the impromptu “governor” of the new AZT sector has been assassinated by an archer.

Seattle Side Session
5/27/2018, 4:39:11 PM
Runners:
Mango Chutney
Linnie Han
Stellani Beams
Klamm Birdshot
Blue

Imaginary Annie Goldsmith puts together a team to deal with some dangling threads left by the main crew when they fled to Denver. For starters, they need to break Tommy Vermont out of Knight Errant protective custody in a precinct in Redmond, where he is being kept for treatment of some sort of unknown condition after solving the Chainsaw Murders case. Only Annie knows it’s CFD though some on the team are suspicious…

They make an elaborate plan to recon the precinct, with Mango posing as a lawyer and bluffing her way in to see a “client”. They arrange a mafia driver extraction, and pick a spot to pass Vermont off to the street doc Riot, who knows a more connected doc who has some experimental treatments she wants to try.

Blue provides matrix and sniper overwatch, Klamm heads in the front door posing as a reporter, and the main team sneaks in the back. Some cops spot them, and they get in a rolling firefight, but with surprise on their side, 2 angles of attack, and sniper support they manage to extract Vermont and get free with no casualties.

They get paid and head back to their various safehouses, agreeing to stay in touch about future jobs…

Unfortunately the next job (acquiring various paracritters for a Fort Lewis parazoologist) goes sideways when they try to steal security hellhounds from a corp blacksite in the Barrens. Most of the team is KO’ed and barely limps away in a busted van, while their new hire Hemtex is killed outright, and pulled by some magical force into the facility. They still owed the parazoologist some animals (or else their rep is gonna suffer) so they regoup to figure out next steps.

Leaving Seattle
4/24/2018, 10:37:52 AM
Runners
Aleiron Grey
Butter
Eion Smash
Three Card
Watt Tinbo
Yanko Lazer
Grackle
Blue

The team does some digging on who’s after them and finds that Jenny has been tortured and/or BTL’ed to death, seemingly having been swept up by the folks looking for them and sold at an illicit auction, which they heard rumors of but did not investigate. Butter mourns, but decides to feed her remains to Eion, who has transformed into a gnawer after getting tons of ghoul blood in his radiation wounds. Squeamish guided his transformation (and ran some experiments) to maintain his sentience. However, Eion is now terrifyingly strong and seems crazier than normal. A problem…

Conferring with Annie, the team decides to flee the city for a while (Annie thinks things should clear up after the election a bit), and do some work in Denver, where Annie says they can strike back at some of Brackhaven’s allies, as both the Human Nation and Flaming Sword are very active, and it seems like FS elements within the Metroplex Guard are likely behind the assassination attempts on the team. Another hit squad almost takes out 3 Card while the team splits up an flees the safehouse, but Blue doubles back and saves her, before going into hiding with the Reality Hackers.

They warn Riot and Hans Yolo about potential repurcussions, and pay up front to keep the safehouse for a bit while they’re out of town. They decide to fake their own deaths to throw Brackhaven off their trail, and arrange to smuggle out to Denver with a small-time T-bird operation run by Blackhawk and Osprey. They get a connection to a meta/eco friendly AA corp called Sierra Corp through Jamaal Quigley, and the corp seems to like the team due to their beef with Brackhaven, and agrees to generate new SINs for the team to travel under. They transfer payment and arrange delivery via a data courier named Mango Chutney.

To generate the funds, they arrange a sale of their tarot 8’s info, bringing Annie in to not piss her off, with an AI named Orior, who seems to be the entity that has been hiring Grackle for odd jobs, as well as monitoring Tyrese and Blue (who had their contact from MotherFather). Orior also offers to help with their escape from Seattle, and says they have contacts in Denver that could be helpful if the team proves cooperative. The team arranges to extract some data (and gather up some wimp clones to use for their fake deaths) from an EVO facility in Snohomish, after which Squeamish will use bio-matter from the team to camouflage the wimps as them.

They call in their favor with Dana Oaks to get her to collect and verify ID on the bodies after they stage the incident. They arrange to steal a boat from one of Trailblazer’s subordinates (who she wants to punish slightly), and plan to stuff it with explosives and “die” in a massive explosion following a shootout with EVO security. After they get this all lined up, they plan the run itself. Checking ShadowSEA, they find some sidejobs and accept a few, including one that will help them access the facility. A disgruntled scientist who has ethical concerns about the data she can see, and wants someone to dig further and get info out.

Orior says they also want access to the facility, and will help with the matrix end of things, distracting the onsite spider while the team does their biz. The team gets an ID card from the scientist (of a colleague on vacation that she doesn’t like), and manages to sneakily plant Orior (or an instance of them at least) on the scientist’s commlink, to get them into the facility secretly. The team plans an entry, and hijacks and EVO supply truck, ko’ing the guards and hiding them in a supply crate.

They get to the facility and Orior seems to be doing their job, as their truck and disguises pass scrutiny and all the cameras seem to be ignoring them. They KO a few more guards, and smuggle Eion and Yanko into the lower levels inside a crate full of meatfeed. Aleiron and Butter start a distraction outside by freeing a cage full of test primates, but come under attack from security warforms. Grackle keeps and eye on the truck and exfil route. 3 Card and Wat get into the first floor lab and bluff their way into getting the 2/3rds of the info they owe Squeamish.

Wat and 3C run into some trouble and try to sneak further down, but get ko’ed by a gas attack (after 3C breaks protocol by killing 2 scientists). Aleiron and Butter disguise Butter as a manager (who they KO) to get past the now active onsite security, who are fighting the primate outbreak, and gain access to the medical facilities on a lower level. However, they are shunted down to the sub-basement after they find the basement in lockdown.

Eion and Yanko pop out of their meat crate once they feel themselves stop moving, and find themselves in a grotesque subbasement lab. 2 armored guards with shockprods attack them and they quickly kill them, also breaking protocol. They then fight/survive 2 grenades, 2 auto-turrets, and 8 experimental warforms, which seeming to be terrifying human/primate merges amped up with implant tech. Butter and Aleiron arrive to assist, and the whole team is heavily inured or KO’ed during the fight.

Meanwhile, 3C and Wat wake up strapped to tables in a clean basement lab. A researcher named Suheyl Alfredo chides them for slaying his interns but says they look like promising test subjects. 3C desperately negotiates to save their lives, and manages to convince Alfredo they’re more useful alive. Alfredo says he’s going to implant them with an experiment based on Monad work from Mars, and that they will provide monthly updates. He makes them heat and cold resistant, but says there will likely be some unexpected morphogenic consequences.

He also says he needs them to descend a level and kill or permanently damage his colleague, who is blocking his promotion. They agree, and he overrides the level lockdown to send them down. They emerge and help the rest of the team clean up the warforms, and then break into the secure office and kill the lab manager as requested. They also find the 3rd piece of data they need for Squeamish. They grab some medical supplies and find the wimps and head back upstairs. They get into a brutal gun and grenade fight with a guard on the way to the truck, and are in trouble til Grackle sneaks up and saves the day.

They get to the truck but some of the wimps are damaged and the team is crashing bad from drugs. Yanko and Grackle drive while Aleiron tries to stabilize everyone in the back. Wat and Eion both flatline before they can reach a medic, but Trickster’s Daughter manages to stabilize them in time to prevent death, though Eion’s brief braindeath makes him a bit more pliable (TD refuses to allow a gnawer into her clinic, so he goes with Squid from the 162’s). Wat is permanently deaf, hearing a blood roar from kamikaze overdose forever. He’s sad he can’t hear ADA bark.

The rest of the team heals up while Aleiron and Grackle help Squeamish set up the fake death. They sell him the 3 undamaged wimps to pay for travel, medical, and getting set up in Denver, and use the 7 damaged ones to present as themselves. They steal the boat, and Butter remote pilots it. Grackle helps rig the charge for it, and Squeamish uses his alchemical talents to sprinkle the wimps with the team’s bio-signs. They call EVO security and Knight Errant to tip them off to wanted runners trying to escape Puget Sound on a smuggler boat with a load of EVO tech and data, triggering a chase and shootout, followed by the planned massive explosion. EVO clears out after verifying their tech isn’t there, and KE claims jurisdiction, allowing Oaks to ID the bodies as planned. They burn their FBI-provided SIN’s.

Heading to Izzy Heidelberger’s remote farm in Snohomish, the team all sneaks overland from individually to avoid attention. Tyrese shoots (and maybe kills) a random civilian who spots Butter. Butter gives Hans Yolo admin access to his car while he’s gone. Izzy seems as forgetful as advertised. The T-bird smugglers load them up, locking them in back after realizing Eion’s condition, and they take off. They leave the bay door open for a bit, and the team sees the light of Seattle dimming as they skim off towards the mountains. For most of the team this is their first time out of the city, and they prepare for a long flight to Denver…

The Oddest of Jobs
3/31/2018, 3:45:48 PM
Runners
Aleiron Grey
Butter
Eion Smash
Three Card
Watt Tinbo
Yanko Lazer
Grackle
Blue

The team completes their work paying back Imaginary Annie Goldsmith by sabotaging one final candidates press conference in Puyallup by instigating a gang brawl, revealing that the politician was bribing local gangers to act as out-of-uniform security. They barely escape intact, but make a clean getaway. They also call on Izidor Kurtlanik to get some last minute bonus info on the hardest candidate to investigate, Corinne Potter. They find out she is likely a Dawkins Group plant (or similar), and pass the info along. Annie warns them to be careful- DG is nothing to fuck with. She also says she will warn the others that they’ve collaborated with, and declares them square. She also leverages her new influence to better personal connections in Seattle which can only help the team.

They have a party to celebrate after they all heal up, and are feeling pretty good for a moment, until they notice Eion is missing. He had a weird dream of Glow City and headed there. Encountering some Halloweeners, including their leader Nightmare, he followed them to the melted reactor at the center of GC, Nightmare occasionally seeming to beckon him on. He found a terrible shrine of mutation there, and witnessed the Weeners seemingly experimenting on locals and releasing mutants after their experiments. He also accepted assistance from a strange new magical force, and his mentor spirit became Mutation. Though still irradiated, he insisted on heading back to the safehouse to spread this new power to his “family”, as he gained new abilities in his transformation.

This is a problem for the rest of the team, who make him go hang out in the junkyard til he’s no longer emitting radiation. This kills one of his pet bandits but makes the other stronger. So it works? Aleiron also receives warning from Kurtlanik about a new cult in town, seemingly with some Amazonian ties, called “The Suffering.” She does some research but can’t find much, other than that they worship “She Who Thrives Beneath the Rot.” The team also grabs the 2 feral ghouls, Eion having traded another body to Squid and the 162’s. They go to Squeamish, and get well paid. He impresses Eion by explaining that his experiment is to see if rumors are true that infected cannibalization boosts their powers, so he’s going to make one eat the other and see what happens. This fits perfectly with Eion’s dark Darwinism, and he also sells Squeamish some reagents from GC.

The rest of the team is increasingly concerned about this, especially given that Yanko gets more creepy warnings from Cobra, the prophecy child, about his future (or lack thereof), and the whole team is warned by Annie that someone has been throwing money around looking for info on them. They find out that there is a private “alive or dead” bounty on them currently, offerer unknown. Also, something called the Null Sect ate Blue’s sprite in Marry Me, Kat Katana, and seems to have also killed 1 dev and a few players, as well as flat-lining others. Wat, 3 Card, and Blue are all distressed. Grackle does another quick delivery for his strange side job employer.

Tacos, Polls, and Warzones
2/12/2018, 8:58:12 PM
Runners
Aleiron Grey
Butter
Eion Smash
Three Card
Watt Tinbo
Yanko Lazer
Grackle

The team gets fixated on the recent reappearance of the Taco Temple franchise, which they all remember from their youths but have no evidence of actually having existed. They make great tacos though, and there’s one just down the block from the safehouse, so aside from Aleiron they’re thrilled. They begin doing some digging and smear campaign prep for Imaginary Annie, and manage to secure a solid lead for Kathleen Shaard in the race for Underground Mayor. They also make the dragon-backed opponent out to be a radiation-spreading madman, and use the same tactic against Kalanyr’s candidate for governor. They also find out that Charles Seaver, another candidate, is likely possessed by a shedim. A voudoun summoner named Shockwave warns them off of pursuing him further, given his likely power level, but the Draco Foundation is interested. Jenny is off in the wilderness somewhere, the team finally having forced Butter to expel her from the safehouse.

Eion and Grackle bond on a trip to Glow City, and Eion and Yanko progress in their magical trainings, both initiating; Eion in the Painted Horse Lodge (which seems suspiciously dark magic-friendly), and Yanko in Vigilant Iron Schooling House, after honing his skills at Sticks and Stones. They finally pay the Reality Hackers back for their help in prison by rescuing some technomancers from the Yakuza goons who are rounding them up for delivery to MCT, including a new team member who decides to stay with them instead of going to the technohaven the RH’ers provide. Blue seems like a skilled hacker and sniper, but a real weirdo. Should fit right in. Eion continues training his new bandit “pets”. Aleiron expands her messaging for her cult.

The team takes some sketchy work for decent pay, mostly because Wat wants a motorcycle. After doing very little research, they end up in a war zone, between Northern CalFree and Southern TIr Tairngire, TT seems to be taking the opportunity of Hestaby’s absence to push south, while militias fend them off. Merc’s work both sides. The team gets caught up in some murky ARES corporate infighting over some various arms deals, for which they are initially working for the unethcial side (wetwork, chemical weapons, etc), but eventually swap sides and (secretly) betray their hirer (affiliated with Damien Knight) for the other faction, which seems aligned with Arthur Vogel, a dwarven environmentalist on ARES’ board (thought of as the corp’s conscience). They got dosed with Laes in the coverup and lose some time, but get paid and think it won’t come back on them.

Butter heads out in search of an alchemist named Squeamish, who is supposedly very paranoid but in possession of a lot of useful info, including the location of the PNW’s famed “parliament of cars”. Grackles becomes a full Halloweener, and spends hours crafting the perfect skull makeup design with Iva Linus Hathaway. Aleiron consults with Izidor Kurtlanik about spinning the recent wetwork they did in CalFree as opposing metaracism (given as the arms dealer they killed was affiliated with the elf supremacist Brat’Mael). The team digs into a bunch of 6th World Tarot stuff, finding both hints that Taco Temple is more than it seems, and that the deck as a whole seems to hint at something big- seemingly including a map?

Butter gets some leads on Squeamish via a Puyallup PI named Jimmy Kincaid. He decides not to make contact in order to help the team on another job: tracking down some more technomancers in danger for the Reality Hackers. These TM’s might not come willingly, and it’s unclear exactly how many there are, between 1 and a half dozen. The RH’s offer a bonus for any hackers they rescue as well. The team finds out that the TM gang, called the Resonance Junkies, is on the run from a corp hit squad after developing some software for the corp.

They track them to an abandoned trainyard in Renton, where they are guarded by some surviving Night Hunters. The team decides to full frontal assault while Yanko sneaks, not sure if the TM’s are guarded or hostages. The team almost gets killed by Night Hunters but Yanko manages to sneak past them, climb the tower, and grab the leader of the RJ’s, then convinces them that he is there to help with a stunning intimidation. The rest of the team gets scooped up by Butter to flee the bloodthirsty NH’ers. Butter comes back after dropping Wat and the team off at Trickster’s Daughter’s clinic, and comes back and grabs the TM’s/hackers. However, there isn’t room for all of them, so they leave Yanko and one of the RJ’s behind, who Yanko shortly ditches to escape from the NH’ers, while the less agile RJ is torn apart, screaming.

Butter also does some digging into Tommy Vermont, his recently CFD-infected friend/cop contact. He gets his medical file from an info broker contact and forwards it to Riot to take a look. Riot examines it and says that it’s beyond her, but passes it along to her street doc mentor, the legendary Butch. Butch, through Riot, says that if the team can safely bring Vermont in, in containment, she may be able to help: she is developing an experimental treatment, but will need the assistance of a submerged technomancer as well as all her medical skills. Butter says that this will have to wait, but is interested.

The team does some more political digging, and finds dirt on all the remaining candidates for governor, to various degrees of quality, with one exception. They help Shri manufacture a scandal about Choi, and ex-FBI candidate, by knocking out a surveillance detail on one of her people. Grackle and Wat manage to salvage enough tech from the surveillance van to upgrade Grackle’s deck and Wat’s link. A composite sketch of Wat is released, but he was disguised enough that they’re not worried. The team also meets a PI named Glenn Steele, who’s been double-checking their info for Annie, and doing some secondary digging. He seems competent, and him and Grackle bond a bit.

They also finally make contact with Squeamish, who proves to be even more paranoid than advertised, but they talk him out of killing them, and make a deal. They will bring him pairs of HMHVV infected (ghouls, vamps, etc) to experiment with, and for the first pair they bring he will tell them where the parliament of cars is. He also has some various reagents he needs on his quest to become a Master Alchemist, so he gives them a list and says he’ll pay well for delivery. The team track down a gum toad in eastern Redmond, and meet up with an IOND magic-school graduate named Linnie Han, who helps them slay the gum toad and harvest its excretions in exchange for pay. Plus now they know a mage, which could be handy.

3 Card gets help from Wat to romance Gina, Grackle witnesses firsthand how terrifyingly powerful Nightmare, the leader of the Halloweeners is, Grackle goes on another mysterious package delivery quest, Blue keeps leveling up in “Marry Me” via a registered sprite, Yanko visits Cobra, the child who delivered his ominous prophecy (and only gets more disturbed by cryptic hints), Eion makes a deal to get 2 feral ghouls from the 162’s in exchange for 2 bodies, Butter makes a pact with a wild spirit and receives a strange boon (perhaps a friendly introduction to the Parliament), Aleiron becomes better at profiling people and deepens some connections, Wat writes more stories for “Marry Me”, and the whole team enjoys their new access to ShadowSEA!

Sausage Making
12/11/2017, 11:02:03 PM
Runners
Aleiron Grey
Butter
Eion Smash
Three Card
Watt Tinbo
Yanko Lazer
Grackle

The team buys a car, which Butter lovingly tinkers with. Jenny comes to stay with them for awhile, which many on the team are unhappy about, though Grackle is thrilled. Tyrese keeps asking for an intelligence upgrade, which Butter promises he’ll save up for, but he tries to teach Tyrese some stuff too. Disturbingly, Wat gets a call from Kevin, who seems to still be alive- he tells him that if you give anyone a chainsaw, they can become him too! It being April 1st, Grackle decides to prank the team, and fakes a visit from Kevin, freaking everyone out before Aleiron calms them all down. 3 Card tries to counter-prank Grackle, but it doesn’t quite work out, and Grackle ends up just paying for a bunch of pizzas for the gym downstairs. Aleiron finally does her interview with Kendall Semorov, youth reporter for the Barrens Bearings shadowcast, and does some more rep repair for the team, as well as trying to establish her cult: essentially seeking meta-unity to fight against the threat of CFD and the Monads.

The team gets a few calls about work: Kathleen Shaard wants help ensuring her victory in the mayoral race in the Underground (first ever!), and Imaginary Annie Goldsmith wants them to dig for dirt on all the mayoral candidates to pay off her favors. They also get an urgent call from Hardacre, and the gruff troll has immediate need of them. As he tells them, a getaway driver named “Wheelie” bailed on the rest of his heist crew mid-run, with the loot, and Hardacre needs the team to track him down and recover the loot. He doesn’t care about the driver, as he’s sure someone will deal with him.

They agree, and do some digging. Wheelie sometimes runs with a smuggling crew in Redmond called the Death Heads, so the team goes cruising to find some of them. They succeed after some clever planning, and manage to get them to talk- the didn’t know about Wheelie’s plan to abscond, but he did just call them looking for help. They were debating whether to get involved when the team showed up. They decide not to, for the moment, but give the team the comm number Wheelie used to contact them. Grackle is able to backtrace it to an address in South Snohomish, and they head there.

Finding a trashed house and a shot-up getaway car with a dead mafia goon in it, they proceed cautiously. Wat finds evidence that the loot was in the trunk, but isn’t anymore, he also finds a Tarot card. Inside, they find Wheelie interrogating another mafioso, who he quickly shoots when the team enters. He manages to flee out the back as they confusingly try to negotiate and also shoot at/stab him. He jumps in a souped-up muscle car and hightails it, but Butter pulls some fancy tricks and manages to keep up. Aleiron and 3 Card manage to negotiate with him and get him to stop.

It seems that some mafia types snatched his daughter in order to make him betray his team, calling him mid-heist and telling him first that the rest of the team was planning to geek him after the run, and then when he balked on delivering the payload to a new location, threatening her if he didn’t hand over the loot. He gives them half the loot in exchange for their promise to help free his kid, having hidden the other half.

Grackle and Wat break the encryption of the threatening calls, and trace them back to a farmhouse in rural Snohomish. Knowing this is metaracist mafia turf, they proceed cautiously. Grackle disables an exterior camera, enabling the rest of the team to approach, but Butter sets off an alarm anyway. Eion takes out the guy who comes after Butter, while the rest of the team breaches the house. They injure another goon, and manage to convince the boss upstairs to release the kid in exchange for their lives. They head out and Wheelie gives them the rest of the loot, as well as putting out the good word about their helpful deed (although his rep is also not so great at the moment). Aleiron tries to get a foothold in his gang with her cult, given their multi-meta membership.

Hardacre is thrilled with the recovery effort, and reports back that it seems like the double-cross was a mafia underboss getting a little too clever for his own good, so he doesn’t think the mob will be taking an extra exception to the team’s actions. They prepare to delve into politics…

A Little Rep Management
11/28/2017, 12:32:21 PM
Runners
Aleiron Grey
Butter
Eion Smash
Three Card
Watt Tinbo
Yanko Lazer
Grackle

The team cruises around in Shelby Everton’s limo until Jaeger, Nabo’s head of security, comes back to from the drug paralysis. They interrogate him about the optical disc they are seeking, and find out that he never possessed it, but had set a meet to get it. They head south to Tarislar and pick up some laes to erase his memory before leaving him in a public park, not wanting to worsen their rep. Checking the matrix, word (and some footage) has already leaked about the violence backstage at the concert, and the runners are fairly identifiable to anyone who knows them. Wat starts doing some research for a cover story while Aleiron plots a long con to get the public on their side.

Grackle manages to backtrace the message Jaeger received, and ID the sender: “Zipper”. The limo takes off to go pick Shelby up, and the team heads to the site of the meet- a bar in Tacoma called The Cathode Glow. 3 Card has Grackle bring the old school simrig from the safehouse to trade for info, as they heard it was an old-school techhead joint. Arriving, they find a dwarf decker named Zipper who quickly spills the beans, as she seems to recognize them from the footage leaked from backstage. She does a very poor job of not appearing intimidated, but they do trade her the simrig to keep things somewhat friendly. Yanko tries to hit up a local dance spot while this is happening, but the bouncers seem to recognize him as well, and threaten him, so he dejectedly leaves. He is worried about what long-term effects the team’s rep is gonna have…

She points them to the supposed possessor of the disc- a bar owner in Auburn named Kerwin Loomis. He’s an ex-ganger who still lets his old crew sell drugs and BTL’s out of his bar, across the street from the dump/scrap-yard that is their main turf. They head over, but find that Kerwin has already fled (warned by Zipper? or maybe just saw them coming), so they track him across the street, into the dump, and find him cornered by another team, smaller but a bit better-equipped. They managed to get the drop on them (literally in Yanko’s case) and kill one, KO one, and injure another, before making a deal for that team to take their wounded and retreat.

Yanko manages to spot Kerwin’s hiding spot, and snatches the disc out of his hands before he can make good on his threat to break it if they come closer. 3 Card pays Kerwin a small amount of money after he gives them a sobs story about how his bar is floundering, and he was only selling the disc to keep it afloat. He claims he inherited it when his dad died some years ago, and seems to be telling the truth, which doesn’t match at all with what the Johnson told them. Perhaps worth digging a bit more… He also says he couldn’t get past the encryption and has never heard what’s on the disc, and doesn’t know of any copies. They leave him there, howling at the injustice of the world, and head off with the disc. They travel separately and buy a bug scanner to make sure the other team doesn’t follow them to the safehouse.

There, Grackle and Wat manage to break the first layer of encryption on the disc after jury-rigging a hookup from their deck to the optical reader. They find that the files contained are 7 songs, obviously the long-rumored lost JetBlack album. Yanko also recognizes the backing band as The Shadows, a less famous but still well-known group that JB palled around with. The disc says “Carrion Sessions” on it, as well as some cryptic phrase about “absent friends”, and Grackle and Wat report that they can’t get a clean copy of the music, or access all the simsense and other files on the disc, without some kind of decryption key. So the team decides to dig further.

They find that 1 of the Shadows died some years back from an OD (Kerwin’s dad?), and that the remaining 3 have kind of drifted off the public scene. At least one is thought to still be in Seattle however. They also find that “Carrion Studios” was a big deal spot back in the day, but went under in the early 2060’s, shortly before the Crash. Since then, it’s been reopened as a bargain bin practice space and studio for local acts to cut demo’s. They head over to see if any records remain. They find a surly teen dwarf manning the counter, who rolls her eyes and ignores them after brushing off their inquiries. However, an older ork janitor pokes his head out, and seems more than willing to recount the glory days.

3 Card poses as an audio nerd, and they geek out for a while with 3 Card casually steering the convo and Yanko name-dropping some different major acts that recorded here. It turns out the janitor used to be a recording engineer here before it went under, and stayed on as a janitor and property manager after. He says they are welcome to take anything they find in the old storeroom. They find massive piles of water-logged and busted equipment, and musty files/discs/chips/etc. They call Eion in to deal with a devil rat infestation, and he successfully convinces them to back off, with food, in order to avoid a fight with their demon rat leader.

After digging around for a bit, they find a box with the relevant dates, and grab that and some other stuff to conceal their true purpose a bit. They warn the janitor of the rat problem, and head out. Digging through the files, they find that there does seem to have been a secretive JetBlack session shortly before his death, and that the only listed studio personnel present was the head engineer (and owner) Delphia. Doing some digging, they find that she still lives in town, and has become a dealer of especially hardcore BTL’s, a habit which also was behind the business’ collapse. They find a locale and decide to send a few members in as buyers, hoping to get some info about who the “absent friends” might be, and finish unlocking the disc.

Meanwhile, Aleiron has launched their spin on the events of the previous night. She puts out that the team was merely there to make a drug deal, and had no metaracist motivation. She says some of the guards had a bad reaction when sampling the drugs, possibly an effect of combining them with whatever they had already taken, and that things escalated from there and they disengaged as quickly as they could. The team collectively burns through their street cred getting the story out, but it does seem to help. They also shortly receive a call from Izidor Kurtlanik, offering his assistance in spinning the story. He says that his employer is happy to back up the team’s version of events, so long as they stick to it forever, in return for not interfering with their tangential campaign to use these events to further build Nabo’s brand.

The team agrees, as Kurtlanik seems quite connected, and the “official” narrative becomes one of Nabo’s near-impossible escape from a life of crime in the Barrens, and his valiant attempts to bring his whole old crew along, and the tragedy that some of them didn’t make it, even though they were so close. Nabo makes an emotional public statement, filled with vague threats of revenge, along with promising to continue the world tour, so as not to let down the fans. He sends a bunch of money to the dead men’s families, along with visiting for some photo ops, before embarking. His sales spike as a result.

The team tracks Delphia down in Redmond, and arranges to do a favor for her- they’ll pick up a new shipment from the Yellow Lotus Triad, in exchange for the info they seek. After passing a test of etiquette, they receive the chip from the Triad, and had it back over. Delphia seems amused by whatever horror it contains, and Grackle and Wat see an opportunity, offering to sell her a serial killer’s experience, knowing they can get Kevin on board. However, they give away a little too much info for free, so she doesn’t pay them much. They decide to call the cops on Kevin instead, to curry favor with Butter’s contact there, Tommy Vermont. Later that night, they hear reports that KE SWAT got into a fatal showdown with a chainsaw-wielding serial murder suspect in Redmond, and assume they’ve done their “good deed” for the day.

With info from Delphia, the team heads downtown to meet Marli Bremerton, one of the players on the last JB sessions, who Delphia thinks may be the absent friend. They find a haunted mansion, but manage to ingratiate themselves with Marli (especially Wat), and fend off another attack from the mysterous merc hit squad. Capturing one member, they confirm that they are working for another music exec, also seeking the disc. Marli also tells them more about their own Johnson, confirming that he lied to them quite a bit about his role in the whole affair. Marli also says she’ll reach out to someone who might have the other disc, and see what she can do about helping them complete the run.

They head to a midnight meetup in a cemetery to see Marli’s contact, and at JetBlacks grave find a group of 5 goths waiting, armaments present but stowed. Eion, from an overwatch position, sees another group of 5 waiting nearby, and noticing one of them turn to mist, they surmise that there are 1 or more vampires present. Deciding not to risk a fatal fight, they agree to sell their disc to these people instead (as they claim to be working on behalf of JB’s interests), but get them to agree to ensure that the team’s rep doesn’t take a hit for backing out on their Johnson.

They get paid (extra!) and head home. The next day, a disappointed Mitch Stuck tells them they won’t be working together again after he received a somewhat panicked call from their Johnson, but news soon breaks that the johnson is handling all PR for the upcoming JB’s ‘lost album’ 30th anniversary release. This is likely to be a herculean task, but presumably the vamps didn’t want it. The team calls it draw and washes their hands of it, looking forward to a few days R’N’R and to spending that cash.

A Fresh Start
11/4/2017, 1:27:35 AM
Runners
Aleiron Grey
Butter
Eion Smash
Three Card
Watt Tinbo
Yanko Lazer

The team, having survived their epic adventures thus far, decides it’s time to relocate away from Mitch Stuck’s area of control, for their own good. They decide to stay in the Carnival while they finish a few last jobs through him and set up a new safehouse (above the Sticks and Stones gym in Puyallup). They custom fit it for all their specific needs, and Butter develops a serious crush on the property manager Riot. Eion finds a spot to sleep in a pile of busted cars in a nearby junkyard, in exchange for nightwatchman duties. Grackle goes off on another mysterious quest for the modulated-voice caller and is out of touch for a few days.

The rest of the team completes the required mission for Shelby Everton. They poison some liquor and sneak it to his parents ahead of his release date. They then follow them to the hospital and interfere enough to make sure both parents die, thus ensuring they don’t alter their will and corporate contracts to cut Shelby out upon his release. Having kept that promise, they look into the 2nd of Stuck’s personal jobs. They meet a Johnson at a local nightclub and find out that they are to retrieve a mysterious optical disc stolen from his employer. Yanko gets distracted partying and misses the meeting.

On the quest for the optical disc, they track down a strange scrap dealer in Auburn, where Butter also buys a persona chip from a BTL dealer for his dog drone, Tyrese. The scrap dealer, Forsythe Septus, sells 3 Card an archaic sim rig that’s all hard-wired. He also gives them the info that a security guy for a local rapper named Nabo who’s just breaking big came in looking for an optical disc reader. They do some digging. Nabo just got signed to an Aztechnology and is about to embark on a world tour, and has set up 1 last hometown gig in a Redmond warehouse before he leaves.

3 Card has virtual sex with Gina Holgersson via the new rig, which is fairly addictive, and Tyrese’s new personality creeps out much of the team, though Eion seems to like him. The rest of the team scopes out the warehouse and makes a plan. They enlist Shelby Everton to provide some drugs and pose as a music exec, and also use his limo. He’s thrilled to partake, and still an asshole. Wat bribes his way in using coke, having heard the security guy is a fan, and makes his way backstage through the dense crowd. He ko’s the security guy with a drug cocktail Yanko prepared, but gets in a firefight after getting spotted.

Eion, Butter, and 3 Card race backstage to help as more guards also head back, the noise of the fight obscured by the music. Yanko and Aleiron head around back from the limo to secure an exfil route. Inside, Eion and the rest kill 3 of the guards, all members of Nabo’s crew from when he was coming up, surely making an enemy there. Plus the rest of Redmond isn’t going to be too thrilled to see a bunch of promising youth who almost made it out get cut down (by fellow Redmonders, no less). AZT will surely use their PR might to spin into more success for Nabo- a tragic final bit of his escape from the barrens. But they get the security head, Jager, as well as the optical disc reader he bought from Septus, but no disc….

They escape out the back into the limo and flee, worried about this is gonna do for their reps….

Neon Night Chase
10/23/2017, 1:37:24 PM
Runners
Aleiron Grey
Butter
Eion Smash
Grackle
Three Card
Watt Tinbo
Yanko Lazer

The team, receiving Wat’s warning, questions Corrigan and makes sure he won’t try to escape- he seems willing to work with Dana Oaks, understanding that Kenneth Brackhaven planned to have him killed very shortly. Although he makes some metaracist comments, he seems legitimately grateful to the team. They eventually reach the Everett marina, where their pilot unceremoniously dumps them and tells them not to call again. They spot the gangers Wat warned of, and ID them as members of the Night Hunters.

Wat steals an old LoneStar cruiser model for him, Butter, 3 Card, Aleiron, and Corrigan, while Grackle steals a slightly heavier ride for himself, Yanko, and Eion to use as backup/a distraction. Eion and Yanko pincer the 2 gangers as the first car leaves, giving the team a headstart. The team calls in both cars to Oaks to make sure they don’t get messed with by police, and she says she will send some officers she trusts to intercept them and escort them to the FBI safehouse downtown.

Butter really comes into his element, driving them through a series of ambushes and attacks, including a jack-knifing semi-truck, some motorcycle pursuit, an old, tattered limo full of wizgang mages, a noxious air spirit attack, and eventually a Halloweener ambush amidst the traffic jam of downtown. The “trusted” KE truck finally reaches them as their car is disabled by gunfire and pumpkin bombs, and they manage to get Corrigan safely in, though most the team is ko’ed and near death. The KE truck races off to safety, and Yanko, Grackle, and Eion arrive just in time to get the team loaded in the other car and away before the whole area gets closed down by investigators. Oaks ensures they are able to leave hassle-free.

They head to Trickster’s Daughter’s clinic to heal up, and awake to some major news 2 days later: Brackhaven has been removed from office and has apparently fled the city (and thus likely the country). The gubernatorial race, suddenly wide open, is flooded with candidates. The Night Hunters have been almost totally wiped out. Also, Oaks was as good as her word, and has cleared the team’s charges, paid them, gotten them new Seattle SINs, and given them each 1 minor get out of jail free card.

Mitch Stuck seems well-satisfied with how this all played out, and they plan to stay at the safehouse while doing more jobs through him while they find a decent place of their own to replace the NUMpad. Yanko parties, Butter gets back in touch with old contacts, 3 Card romances Gina Holgersson. Aleiron and Wat decide to run some classic pick-pocket performance scams with ADA, but people are a little too impressed with the talented dog, and she becomes a meme. RUH ROH!

San Juan Island
10/1/2017, 5:22:23 PM
Runners
Aleiron Grey
Butter
Eion Smash
Grackle
Three Card
Watt Tinbo
Yanko Lazer

After scouring the recently deceased Gregory Zane’s ‘link for data, the team finds that Emile Corrigan has been moved to a private “corporate reeducation” facility on San Juan Island. They may have tipped Kenneth Brackhaven off during their inquiries, and decide they better grab Corrigan quickly before KB does away with him (especially since Zane is dead- KB may have noticed people closing in on him). They contact Dana Oaks who agrees to help them with securing ID’s for the job, as well as offering a small cash reward for witness retrieval. She provides an encrypted file that she tells them to show Corrigan to prove that she is their backer, if he doesn’t believe them.

Posing as sex workers, the team takes the ferry to the island, having stocked up on small/concealable blades/knucks/etc. Grackle hides his deck inside a stereo system. Ada stays behind. They also arrange for a private boat to be waiting in the harbor as a backup extraction option (though the pilot says he won’t be much use in a chase). So they plan to attempt subtlety. The island is split in 2 effectively- 1 side a pleasure palace for the wealthy and for a reward for corp drones, the other side the reeducation center/corporate jail. They also pick up a few side jobs through Mitch Stuck while they’re out there. Grackle delivers a strange package (possibly a head?) and is told to film the recipient’s horrified reaction. He does so with great glee, and is quickly paid and told that his services will be used again.

On the fancy side of the island, Wat and Aleiron attempt to bluff or sneak their way down to the underwater security center, but are foiled by a persistent maitre’d, but manage to get his room ID. 3 Card, Butter, and Eion all head off to the other side to recon the prison facility, but are quickly intercepted by some workers. They manage to convince the workers that they’re there for some side work while on the island, and the workers are excited to have some relatively attractive visitors, so they partake and make arrangements for the 3 to come back later that evening with more friends, after establishing some rates for various acts performed. Eion does some gardening while all of this is happening to cover for the workers.

Back on the fancy side, Butter and Grackle break into the maitre’d’s room and steal a hotel ID card and uniform (as well as prank him by greasing his shower floor with soap) while Eion and 3 Card keep watch. Aleiron and Wat game a high-stakes poker game to ensure a particular player’s victory, using a combo of sleight of hand and social manipulation to drive other players out. Yanko provides some distraction. Their desired player wins and they get paid (the Johnson had provided their invites and their stakes), but someone seems to have spotted Wat’s deft card tricks, and he is hauled off by casino security. The team leaves the ID and uniform at the hotel desk for Wat (in case he gets free and gets a chance to get to the security center), while they head back to the other side of the island.

The guards pick them up partway again, and tell them that the facility staff is really excited to party with them tonight. They have it set up in hour shifts, with 1 client for each team member each hour. The team agrees, and makes a plan to knock out the first batch once they are partially unclothed, and then try to take down the 2 workers guarding/running the whole thing without them triggering an alarm. Luckily they are once again taken to an outbuilding, which gives them some leeway. They crank the music, and manage to take the 6 clients out quickly, only accidentally killing one, and only one gets a shout off. Yanko, Eion, and 3 Card chase down and ko the 2 guards outside, and the whole team changes into the facility staff’s uniforms. They match up ID badges by appearance as best they can, and prepare to head in and get Corrigan.

Meanwhile, Wat has a dangerous encounter with casino security. They luckily don’t seem to know exactly what he did (or why), and he manages to keep Aleiron out of it. However, they cut off 2 of his fingers, break both his hands, and tell him they better never see him there again. He doesn’t get the feeling that it will alter the outcome of the job, as the casino can’t admit that they allowed cheating to occur, so he feels hopeful that the Johnson will be pleased at least. He heads back to the mainland on the ferry, his crudely bandaged hands held aloft, before he is eventually approached by a woman who says she was sent by a friend, and introduces herself as Trickster’s Daughter.

The team mostly manages to bluff or sneak past the front desk guards, aside from Butter who is ko’ed with a taser. Yanko keeps watch over the passed out and dead guards in the shed until he gets bored and heads in to check on his friends. The rest of the team gets into the basement using Grackle’s lockpicking skills. They fight through a few armed guards, and find Corrigan in an interrogation chamber. They manage to disarm or kill the guards and mage interrogating Corrigan before they can kill him, but they do let free 3 feral ghouls into the chamber, seemingly the body disposal method of choice. They stabilize Corrigan, and begin fighting their way back out of the facility amidst alarms going off and a large number of guards. Luckily, Yanko has entered behind some of the guards, giving them a tactical leg-up. Eion uses a ripped-off door as a shield and bullrushes down a long hallway with the rest of the team behind.

They eventually get clear, and Butter finally gets to steal one of the facilities trucks. They race back towards the marina, shooting down some unarmed pursuit drones on the way. Butter stages a crash over the cliff edge to throw off pursuit, and the team sneaks on foot to their rendezvous with their rented yacht. They head towards the mainland, but have to pay the pilot extra to take them into Everett as there are apparently unusually heavy police/Metroplex guard patrols about (looking for Corrigan?). Wat calls to warn them that there are some gangers waiting at the docks seemingly looking for the team, before going to a street clinic to get his fingers reattached and then passing out for a while.

Working the Carnival
9/3/2017, 5:55:36 PM
Runners
Aleiron Grey
Butter
Eion Smash
Grackle
Three Card
Watt Tinbo
Yanko Lazer

Watt and Grackle spend a few days going through everyone’s gear to remove any trackers, and spend some time setting up everyone with new “Marry Me Kat Katana! account. Butter tries to find info about ”/characters/jenny" class=“wiki-content-link”>Jenny. Eion, Yanko, 3 Card, and Aleiron begin on the first job for Mitch Stuck, investigating a feud between 2 of the fanciest restaurants in the Carnival. Keith Sellers believes his rival instigated a massive food poisoning at his spot a few years back, which he has just financially recovered from through sheer force of will (his words), but has been unable to find proof. He wants the team to find some evidence.

They review all the video footage he has, and also finding nothing, eventually manage to track down some mob muscle ork who was onsite for a brief moment that night, and had visible cyber-eyes. They call in a favor with 3 Card’s on/off gf Gina Holgersson, who runs the face of the ork through their user profiles at Miracle Shooter and finds a match. They go to the user address, and 3 Card entices the mafioso to dinner at the restaurant under a false name, using a combo of seduction and lift-bro attitude.

They meet at the restaurant as planned, and manage to convince him to share his footage from that day, though he is quite unhappy about the false pretenses, and comes dangerously close to recognizing Eion. He leaves after Sellers agrees to reserve a table for the Mob on a permanent basis. They review the footage and Sellers is crushed to find no new evidence, though the team notices some possible paydata at the end of the footage.

They bring it to Stuck, who seems pleased- the footage suggests that one of Kenneth Brackhaven’s various missing former underlings was disappeared by one of his current underlings, and Stuck seems excited about this potential “lever” as he calls it. He tells the team to make sure that neither Sellers nor the mafia goon still have a copy of the footage before they make a move, and to start doing some digging on the story that the clip suggests. He wants Sellers to survive this digital erasure, but doesn’t care about the mafioso so long as nothing sordid goes down in his district.

They manage to convince Sellers that they uncovered a virus in the footage, and he grants Wat access to his ‘link to clear it up. Wat makes an impressively skilled edit, and saves a copy to use later as needed. Grackle pulls out all his tricks to hack the mafioso’s ‘link and swap in the footage that Wat made, as well as getting some paydata. He sells the bonus data on to Pepe Wash, who seems to be fishing for info about the team, a little suspicious. Grackle is a bit deceptive about the amount he got for it with the rest of the team, which triggers 3 Card’s paranoia, but Butter and others are able to prevent a brawl from breaking out.

The team then does a good amount of research on some different options for who to sell the info to that Stuck has provided. They rule out the megacorps, due to a lack of connections there, but seem to have tipped someone off during their digging and start getting a lot of interested calls. ORC and other various Ork Underground groups seem very interested, but have less access and power than their final choice: District Attorney Dana Oaks. She seems likely to be able and willing to both help out the team and help out Stuck with their various legal troubles, should the footage prove useful in bringing down Brackhaven.

They meet with Stuck, present their findings, and get paid a bit. He agrees with the choice, and they head back to the safehouse to set up a meet, but are ambushed on the way by members of the Night Hunters, who carve them up pretty good with blades and some machine guns. However, the team emerges victorious, with Grackle finally proving his combat worth. They leave one alive, and are quickly spirited off the streets by Stuck’s private security. After questioning the man (hearing him being disposed of after), they have a new name to track down: Gregory Zane, Brackhaven’s shadow fixer.

After detecting some surveillance, they manage to trace it back into a bar in Renton, a notoriously metaracist district. They disable the trackers on the surveillance cats (Eion’s cats survive luckily), and hope whoever’s watching doesn’t get suspicious. They surround the bar, and head in cautiously, approaching the man at the bar that the signal leads to. However, he turns out to be a plant, and the team comes under fire from Zane himself at a back table. After a brutal fight in which 3 Card almost dies, they kill him and get his comm, but not before Butter gets into a road battle with some Night Hunters, including their leader Bios-Fear.

The team comes out to help, worried about further reinforcements, and manage to take out the gangers, though their car is pretty much wrecked. Butter manages to barely jury-rig it back together and they race to the ork underground followed closely by a huge battlewagon full of Humanis goons. They trade them a credstick they found on Zane for safe passage and flee into the Underground, and the orks seem quite surprised by the size of the “donation”…

The team is given access to the medical facility funded by Aemon Burst, due to their donation, and healed up under the watchful eye of some Skraacha guards. Eion and 3 Card both leverage their outsider dwarf status to avoid getting too much hate. The team makes a plan with Stuck, and contacts ORC to trade most of the info on Zane’s ’link for some of the specific info they need as well as for hacking assistance. Kathleen Shaard makes the deal with them, and they head to ORC offices to make the decker for hire: a youngish ork named Tauren.

Tauren hacks the ‘link successfully, and gets the team a lot of useful info: Corrigan, the man they seek, has come under suspicion by Brackhaven (possibly due to their inquiries) and moved to a secure location. Also, Brackhaven was behind the setup that implicated them, trying to start a gang war to burnish his law and order credentials ahead of the election. They forward the proof onto Imaginary Annie Goldsmith, who says she’ll try to clear up their rep and legal challenges. Annie also shares some personal info with Wat in exchange for some updates on the team’s activities. The team drinks some mournful/celebratory Hurlg with Tauren and Kathleen, who found some heavy intel of their own.

After (barely) surviving the hangover, the team recuperates, rests, and plans out how to get to Corrigan…

Escape From McNeil Prison Island
7/17/2017, 11:22:52 AM
Runners
Aleiron Grey
Butter
Eion Smash
Grackle
Three Card
Watt Tinbo
Yanko Lazer

The team starts getting ready to trigger their escape plan. They bribe the Reality Hackers with more gear and a promise of some future work to assist in gathering info. Between the RH’s and asking around the prison, they find out that last 1/3rd of the of the missing prisoners on their list are technomancers, who are gathered up when detected and sold off in a monthly auction to various corps- Mitsuhama Computer Technologies and Horizon seem to be frequent buyers. Horrified by the likelihood of corporate torture and vivisection, Watt vows to try to free those that he can.

The team also finds out what they can about D Block cold storage, and the inmate they have to get out of there- it seems that she is housed under an alias and was thrown into D Block almost immediately upon arrival. They can’t find out more about her true ID, but seeing as Elisa Seawind was the one who approved the transfer and edited the file info, they assume she’s a runner being kept on ice for some reason. Aleiron gets a lecture about how awful D Block is by tricking a guard, and they confirm that it will mostly be mechanical/drone security- not many cameras and not much metahuman presence. Supposedly the interface for retrieving prisoners’ pods is simple, so they hope to be able to bypass it easily.

Meanwhile, Eion has run into some trouble: after attracting a large amount of rats with Drekbomb’s corpse, and starting to teach a promising few some useful tricks, he hears some commotion in the steam tunnels, and hides himself and the corpse just in time as some guards in full tactical gear start searching. He manages to elude them while holding the rats at bay, but uses most of DB up doing so. The guards seem to be working directly for Seawind, and looking for evidence of where everyone has been disappearing to. Eion has to stay on the run in the tunnels as the patrols continue for the next while. He manages to climb a ways down the hole, and finds that the jagged collapsed portion empties into slick mud chute after about 5 meters. He can see heat sig’s at the bottom that look like some small moving things and a larger stationary object.

He manages to teach 3 rats some tricks (mostly to keep the other rats from eating him), by feeding them DB’s portion of the food that Yanko continues to deliver, believing them both to be alive. However, Seawind’s patrols found the opened grate and welded it shut again, so he’s having to just kinda mash all the protein paste through the bars. Yanko has also been moving useful bits of sharp metal and other supplies the hole underneath the mechanic’s shop to the team’s hidey hole, in preparation. Unfortunately, all of this smuggling has cut into his drug acquisition time, so Aleiron makes a deal with the Nova Rich instead. She agrees to ensure the murder of an NR members parents within 2 months, to ensure that he still receives the family inheritance upon is release. He fears they plan to transfer control to his younger sibling due to being ashamed of his circumstances. In return, he gives the team so cram to keep themselves going and a cocktail that Yanko chose to wake up the cold storage prisoner.

3C and Butter spar some, working on combat skills, and Butter designs a boring drone that he can juryrig out of all the scrap bits they’ve been saving. Butter also makes a fake cover for Watt’s datajack, which Watt manages to carefully open without injuring himself, under the pretense of needing special tools for his IT work. Feeling as ready as they can get, they all put in for transfers to the cleaning crew, which due to the cult spreading rumors of something “wrong” in the basement, and the fact that a number of prisoners have vanished, is currently understaffed. They get the transfers, and work a few days to get the routine down, as well as warn Eion of when they’ll move. Yanko also figures out how to concoct a bleach bomb to clear the bottom of the hole of threats before they go in.

The day of, the team is on 2 cleaning crews of 4, having convinced 2 cult members to come with. Each crew has a guard overseeing (with the new tighter security). At the preset time, both teams attack, unfortunately failing to fell the guards before they can call in the attack, partially due to one of the cultists slipping and knocking himself unconscious. Watt and Grackle try to impersonate the guards, confusing things a bit, but aren’t able to keep it up long. Grackle and Aleiron race for the tunnels in a panic while everyone else hightails it to the hidey hole to get supplies. Eion, hearing the sound of a prison alert system, uses the crowbar to pry open the grate again with a massive feat of strength, as Aleiron and Grackle arrive and yell back for the others to hurry. Eion heads into the tunnels to direct them team along the correct path.

The rest of the team grabs the stashed gear, and hightails it to the tunnels as they hear the riot squad chasing after them. Butter barely dodges a shotgun blast as he rounds a corner, and only avoids an SMG burst as it hits the cultist right behind him. He staggers as he is hit with another shot, but manages to stumble out of sight for a moment and dive into the tunnel behind the rest of the team. Eion sees some flashlights headed down the tunnels from another direction looking to cut them off, and calls on the team to hurry. Yanko chucks his bleach bomb towards the lights to slow them down, which seems to help, and the team dive into the hole, not having any time to dally. Slamming into a pile at the bottom, Eion is the only one to avoid injury as he had time to scout it out a bit.

The rest of the team hears a sort of humming and sucking sound coming from a large machine next to them, and some slavering noises coming from the darkness nearby… The team splits in 2, with Eion, 3Card, and Yanko heading off to fight tunnel ghouls in the pitch black, while Butter, Grackle, Aleiron, and Wat break through the wall behind the machine. They determine that the machine is a sump pump, removing water from the adjacent area, which they decide must be D Block cold storage. After getting his boring drone to help out, they manage to open up a human-sized hole.

Getting in, Wat manages to hack access into a pod on the lowest storage level and fake a medical emergency. Wat, Aleiron, and Grackle all grab hold as the retrieval arm hauls the pod up to the gantry at the top of the deep cavern. They hide as an alarm rings, and a medic and guard enter. They manage to disarm and incapacitate the guard, and intimidate the medic into surrendering and leaving. Wat hacks access into the control system for the arm, and retrieves the pod they were after. They ride it back to the bottom, and pull the woman inside out, who introduces herself as Shri Moreau. Correctly assessing that Aleiron is the semi-leader of the party, Shri starts subtly undermining her.

They rejoin the rest of the team, and manage to revive 3Card, injured by ghouls, using the medic’s kit. They head further into the tunnel, descending through water until they reach an area they’ll need to swim to cross. They enter, and fight off another ghoul in the murky water, before emerging to find the ghoul’s feeding area. They emerge victorious after a brutal brawl with a variety of infected variants. They continue down the tunnel, eventually finding a split that seems to head towards either Vashon of Fox Island. Yanko wants to go to Vashon and sneak in through a club in the tunnels there, to get drugs and new clothes, but is outvoted. The team heads to Fox, and ascends a long rusted ladder, emerging into a fenced in area surrounding the concrete pad poured over the tunnel mouth.

They flee through the fence, but alert some drones to their passage, and have to destroy them. They flee to the nearby woods to plot their next move. As the begin crashing from cram, they realize that they are all in somewhat wet clothes in the winter in a remote setting, and decide to build a shelter in the woods (where the KE drones don’t seem to want to go), while 2 of their healthier members scout ahead. Aleiron communes with Wolf, who offers aid to her pack. A spirit wolf comes running along atop the soil, leaving no trace, and leads them to the magical lodge of a shaman named Chavo. He helps them get the rest of their team back to the lodge with the help of his ally spirit, and heals everyone up while they rest.

He tells them that this is the Forest Lodge, and that they will be safe from the law here. Aleiron finds some appropriate gifts to present, and the team rests and heals for a bit. Chavo provides them a commlink, and they make contact with Trailblazer to make arrangements to get off the island and back to the city. They arrange a point of contact, and head out from the lodge. They hide in a place in town with a friendly talislegger for the day, and then are smuggled to the coast, where they hide in some tidal caves for a few days while they make contact with Imaginary Annie Goldsmith to arrange a longer term safehouse.

They settle on Stuck’s Carnival, and contact Trailblazer to get there. She arranges to smuggle them in a van through Salish territory around the outside of Seattle and back in to Auburn. They arrive safely, owing more and more favors with each stop. They get dropped in the basement of a casino, and meet Mitch Stuck himself, who says he has a use for them. He puts them up in a safehouse in exchange for doing some semi-specified future work for him. They agree, settle into the safehouse, and get real excited to find that Annie made good on her promise of tracking down their gear. They check it all, change ID’s on comm’s etc, and get ready to do some work.

McNeil Prison Blues
6/19/2017, 8:27:36 PM
Runners
Aleiron Grey
Butter
Eion Smash
Grackle
Three Card
Watt Tinbo
Yanko Lazer

Butter attempts to take Grackle further under his wing, and they begin working together in the machine/repair shop to try to start making some armaments, as instructed. 3 Card does her best to keep Eion from losing his mind in the “too nice” conditions, by destroying his mattress and getting them shitty, hard jobs. Yanko falls back on sex for drugs trades, but eventually rallies to doing something useful and gets assigned to a cleaning crew, where he eventually tracks down a really good, concealed stash spot for the gear the team is making/acquiring. Watt continues to collect parts from his tech work detail and smuggle them back to the cell, to eventually make jammers, or upgrade other devices if they can get hold of them.

Aleiron and Sharky are the first to come under attack from Mafia goons, specifically some Leather Devils. Sharky loses it and kills them all as Shark takes him over. Luckily he exits his killing frenzy before taking out Aleiron as well. Unfortunately, this is well past his 3rd demerit, so he gets transferred to D Block to begin serving the rest of his sentence in suspended animation, plus 3 more manslaughter charges tacked on. Aleiron gets off with a night in the hole, which isn’t as bad as it could have been.

Watt comes under attack next, by a member of the Leprecunts, once again with the guards looking the other way. He gets badly injured, but nerve strikes and temporarily paralyzes the Irishman, then impersonates him to get the guard to open the locked bathroom they are in. The guard seems surprised but plays it cool, and Watt goes along with it. As he officially “slipped and fell”, there is no punishment.

Imaginary Annie Goldsmith visits again, and plans out with Watt how to use his dog Ada to smuggle in a basic commlink for the team. She tells them that based on her digging, it looks like the person likeliest to have set them up is indeed the mysterious fixer Rex Simmons, with help picking them all out from Theo “Flipside” Harrison. It is unclear how involved Flipside was, but she says she’ll keep looking. She also smuggles in a hairshirt for Eion to make his life more miserable, which helps.

Eion and 3 Card successfully grab the comm from Ada while out on a work detail, and Yanko gets it safely stashed. Watt collects enough parts to upgrade it to have limited hacking capabilities, and they agree that’s a good move. Aleiron and 3 Card begin scouting out people to recruit to a con/cult while planning out what the belief system will entail, and the team also begins developing a secret language for use amongst themselves.

3 Card and Eion come under attack the next day, from a pair of hulking Spikes. They barely escape with their lives, killing one and knocking the other out. They spend some time in solitary for it, but the guards once again try to play it cool as an industrial accident. Yanko also ID’s 2 members of The Disassemblers on his crew, who seem to have a strong interest in caustic chemicals and take a disturbing glee in dissolving rat corpses and the like. He thinks they could prove useful yet…. He comes under attack by a Scatterbrains members with vials of acid the next day, but manages to knock him out with his elemental electricity. Yanko leaves the body to the Disassemblers, who begin gleefully experimenting with various chemicals, leading to some horrible smells and noises as he exits. He also manages to grab one last acid vial for his own use.

Aleiron spends some time doing library research on various topics and passing useful texts along to the team, as well as beginning to recruit for the cult. The Koshari tell the team to take out a few members of the Blue Dragons, a Yakuza affiliate, which the team is worried about, as they just barely got off the syndicates bad side. However, they need Koshari protection inside, especially having heard that there are regular sweeps for magic users, who are taken off and not seen again. So, the team decides to try to find a way to get to the BD’s without getting spotted/caught.

Watt makes a deal with the Reality Hackers to smuggle some gear in for them in exchange for hacking assistance, and also upgrades the commlink the Ada smuggled in to be able to hack. Imaginary Annie visits again, and they get her the list of needed items. She tells them to have a viable escape plan ready to go within a month, in case she can’t stall the legal process as much as she would like. They get hustling. Yanko finds some old, sealed, steam tunnels under the prison while cleaning, and uses his acid vial to weaken the spot welds on one that’s especially shoddy. 3 Card makes a deal with the Vory V Zakone to gain access to the basement through the kitchen by getting transferred to the dishpit crew in exchange for planting a datafile on a certain system in the admin wing.

Watt calls in the favor with the RHers to plant the info, and Eion smuggles them in the promised gear from Ada. Eion is barely holding it together, spending a bit of time in solitary due to his attitude. However, he gets a little intel on the secretive “D Block,” which seems to be fully underground and guarded mostly mechanically. Butter and Grackle continue bonding, but manage to smuggle the team a crowbar to use to pry open the steam tunnel cover. Yanko, 3 Card, Eion, and Watt, being the team’s best unarmed fighters, head down to the basement through an enormous grease trap with the Vory’s help. They manage to sneak past the cleaning and maintenance crew down there, as Yanko knows the area pretty well by now. They pry open the cover, and carefully place it atop a debris pile to appear as if still attached from a distance.

Entering the tunnel, they begin mapping it out on Watt’s comm while Eion makes grease marks on the walls in case the tech fails. They eventually find a body, looking to have been eaten by large rodents, near a mark scratched into the old brick wall with an arrow pointing forward and a crude skull. The corpse is wearing tattered prison uniform bits, and looks to be 5-10 years old. So apparently they aren’t the first to have this idea. Eion, feeling that they’re better knowing than not, ventures forward. He and 3 Card eventually find a collapsed section of tunnel with a drop of unknown height below and the sound of some sort of equipment running faintly in the distance. Before they can investigate further, Yanko and Watt dash up to warn them that some heavy boots are approaching from the direction they came- they aren’t sure if they are guards or what, but they overhead one of them say “Another one from Elisa, eh?”. There are at least 2, whoever they are, seemingly transporting a 3rd, who could be heard making muffled noises.

After a brief debate, the team decides to get ready and fight the newcomers, especially if they are guards, as this could give them some useful gear, or at least some info if they can take one alive to question. They quickly kill one of the men and disarm the other. They turn out to be trustees, in this case ex-runners recruited by an LS employee named Elisa Seawind to do her dirty work inside the prison. After 3C convinces him to spill the beans in exchange for his life, he fills them in on how it works: Seawind recruits promising “talent” when they enter the system, and either gets them released early or gets them special privileges in exchange for working for her. In the case of these 2 trustees, that means using a secret tunnel in the medical facility in A block to bring “problem prisoners” down here and throw them in the hole.

He doesn’t seem to know much more than that, so they kill him (breaking their promise, but how can they trust him?) and toss both bodies down the hole. Then, they check the prisoner, who is still alive. It is none other than the obnoxious ork decker, Chaimberlain ‘Drekbomb’ Jackslaw. They are quickly annoyed by him, but realize he could be useful, and make a deal to bring him food and some supplies in return for him mapping the tunnel system. They leave one of the trustee’s tasers with him for protection, and trade the other to the Vory for future kitchen smuggling. They cash in quickly, when they realize that the hole gives them a perfect secret way to do their job for the Koshari. Yanko does some recon and finds a time when 4 Blue Dragons will be on an unsupervised cleaning crew, and the team ambushes them.

They grab the cleaning cart, and hide it in the steam tunnels, dumping all 4 bodies in the hole. Sadly, it looks like Drekbomb is totally inept at survival, given his poor mapping efforts thus far. They let the Koshari know that it’s done, which is fortunate timing since the Black Coats come shortly thereafter, sweeping the cell blocks for magic users. The team gets the feeling that some of the Koshari’s awakened members are using masking metamagics to conceal themselves and their allies from detection. However, some others are not so lucky, and the team sees (and hears rumors) of a number of prisoners being taken away, including Sharky- so there is at least one way out of D block…. However, comparing the dates of the Black Coats visits to the missing prisoners list, they account for about 1/3rd of the names. Another 1/3rd appear to line up with those “transferred to Asamando” aka dumped in the hole in the basement, which perhaps has ghouls at the bottom, given the euphemism. The final 1/3rd is still a mystery, the only clue to which is that all the names included are for prisoners between teens and late 20’s in age.

The team continues using Vory access to the basement to keep scouting the tunnels, sending 3C to the medbay due to paralysis caused by Watt’s nerve strike, in order to try to help them find the secret access point there. 3C cons her way through medical interactions, claiming the paralysis is a long-running condition and stomping around to help “walk it off”. She notices while near the bathroom that the attached storeroom has 2 chest freezers, one of which appears to be unplugged- the access point perhaps? Below, the rest of the team manages to track the trustee’s path partway, and then explores a bit til they hear some noise from above, and find a spot they think is likely the access point- a newer ladder with a retrofitted cover have been inserted.

With this info, they feel like they can proceed on another mission- getting the Project Pegasus info from a prisoner in A block. They make another deal with the Vory to get kitchen access, in exchange for which Grackle agrees to take out 2 human supremacist Troll Killers who have been causing some trouble for some of the Vory’s subsids. Luckily, the other Halloweener in here is back out of solitary and sharing Grackle’s cell (in Sharky’s absence), and Grackle convinces him to help. They arrange to have him working at the machine shop, where the 2 men also work. Grackles tells Jack O’Lantern that the men have been talking shit on the ‘Weeners and Jack fashions them some crude shivs. He tells Grackle to sneak around behind them while he approaches from the front. He walks right up to the men and stabs one in the throat before he figures out what’s happening. Grackles slices the other’s legs before tossing his knife to Jack and sneaking off again. Jack leaps at the other man, slicing and stabbing wildly as Grackle returns to Butter’s work station and tries to keep his head down.

They hear some screams, shouts, and gunfire as guards try to break up the fight, and shortly thereafter, the shop is locked down as 3 bodies are wheeled out on stretchers- looks like Jack and one of the Troll Killers are definitively dead and the other isn’t looking good. However, Butter and Grackle manage to bluff the guards that they didn’t see anything and don’t know anything, and are eventually returned to their cells, as the whole facility seems to be on lockdown now…. Meanwhile, Aleiron has been spreading the word amongst her cult that something isn’t right in the prison, especially in the basement, and that more disappearances should be expected, by which they will know that her predictive abilities are accurate. She keeps working her regular job, as does Watt, so that the whole team isn’t gone every time something suspicious happens. Aleiron also makes a deal with a member of the Nova Rich to make sure the prisoner they need to question is sent to medical at the right time, in exchange for NR getting the drugs from medical, which will require the medic and guard to be taken out.

Eion gets his arm infected by smearing shit in a wound, and letting it fester for a while, before getting sent to medical, along with 3C, who is “paralyzed” again. Yanko sneaks into the tunnels and waits til he is needed near the entrance to medical. They clean Eion’s wound and dose him with antibiotics, and tell him to wait while they run some further tests, before turning to 3C. They get distracted when another man is brought in, also paralyzed. They run some tests to make sure there isn’t some kind of outbreak/contagion, but the NR member who dropped him off winks at Eion and 3C, so they think it’s likely a drug effect. They know they have less than an hour to question him and take out the medic an guard (as the medic disables the local security and cameras for a short period whenever the NR come to buy drugs off of her, scheduled for later this morning). They wait as long as they can, to let 3C regain some movement, and then attack.

Eion and 3C manage to stop the medic from sounding the alarm, which is more difficult due to the fact that she just disabled security features, but both get ko’ed by the guard. Yanko, hearing struggle, gains access to the room using the crowbar, and manages to take out the guard and finish off the medic without raising the alarm. He lets the Nova Rich guy in to grab the drugs, and is frustrated in his ambitions to get some for himself, although he does manage to secure a stimpatch to wake 3C back up. They quickly question the man, and find out that Project Pegasus was a NeoNET initiative to entrap Monads who were trying to get safe passage to the Roskosmos facility in Russia. However, some well-armed Monads apparently interfered in a handoff on neutral ground, rescuing some of their people from corp capture, but resulting in a very public firefight. This guy and his security subsid took the fall for it, but they got cushy prison spots and compensation waiting outside if they stay quiet.

3C kills him, reasoning that the info is more valuable if no-one else has it, and drops his body into the tunnels. Yanko and 3C together manage to drop Eion in as well, before Yanko ko’s 3C, leaving her right on the edge of death, perfect for their cover story that unknown persons attacked medical. Yanko bleaches everything down and then exits, careful to leave no trail to the freezer/ladder, even tipping some stuff over on top of it to make it look less suspiciously clean. He hauls the corpse to the hole, and dumps it in. He finds Drekbomb, who whines about being hungry, but he convinces him to help move Eion, who is pretty injured. They return to find Eion’s wound being gnawed on by devil rats, and scare them off in time.

They haul him to the pit and try to tend his wound as best they can, but Yanko realizes he didn’t grab any medical supplies in his rush to escape, and he needs to get back to the kitchen ASAP, so he knocks Drekbomb unconscious to keep him from messing around, and leaves Eion a stun baton, hoping he’ll wake up first. He gets back upstairs just as a facility lockdown is called, and the Vory give him a look. The teams spends the next 3 days locked in their cells with minimal food and no movement allowed.

Meanwhile, Eion finally wakes up downstairs, right around the same time as Drekbomb. Assessing the situation, it looks not great. His arm has a huge chunk missing, and is infected again, and they have no food or supplies. He dresses his wound as best he can, and manages to hold the infection off for now with his impressive dwarven fortitude. However, when no food is forthcoming 2 days later, and unable to rest sufficiently to heal, he feels that drastic measures must be taken, and kills Drekbomb in his sleep- a possibility Drekbomb seems to have been worried about, due to his irregular sleep schedule and locations, but Eion is a far better survivalist. He then field dresses the corpse as best he can, dumping all the useless bits and implants and such in the hole. He gorges himself on the edible bits, and finally gets a good nights rest. He figures the corpse will keep him fed for a few days at least before it turns, unless he can somehow cure it….

Where Dreams Go To Die
6/15/2017, 3:56:20 PM
Runners
Introducing:
Aleiron Grey
Butter
Eion Smash
Grackle
Three Card
Watt Tinbo
Yanko Lazer

A young group of aspiring runners (+ Eion, a destitute dwarf in his 50’s), all having come up (or washed up) in the Redmond Barrens of Seattle, are all separately contacted by an older runner named Oldtimer, fresh out of prison and looking to make one last big score to set himself up to get out of the game once and for all. He tests them all out on their own, running small scams and scores to check their abilities and coolness under pressure. Once approved, he starts assembling them into a big enough team for the final job.

Through a fixer who he did some favors for while inside, Oldtimer has access to the ShadowSea job board, and pulls in some decent job to test the team out: They courier around a set of 3 mysterious locked briefcases, supposedly containing brokerage instructions for some paranoid financiers who don’t trust matrix comms after crash 2.0. They ‘kidnap’ a rich girl who wants to extort money out of her wealthy dad, but her turns out to be broke due to debts to the mafia, who have been using this leverage to ensure that he lawyers for them as needed. They still get paid a bit and Oldtimer is satisfied with their problem-solving. And lastly, to get together a decent fund for equipment for the main heist, they fulfill a hit. Oldtimer wants to get them all blooded together, to make sure they can handle wetwork if it’s necessary, but also check if any of them are total psychos, as well as to make sure everyone is on the hook for murder if anyone turns on anyone else.

The Johnson is Regina Mathis, a mid-level Shiawase Corporation ad exec on the rise. Her husband has been frequenting bunraku parlors run by the Yakuza. She isn’t bothered by the infidelity, just the specifics, given Shiawase’s conservative corp culture she is worried that when it someday gets out, it will slow her ascent as well as his. So, she wants him quietly removed, permanently. She also wants the PI Casey Elton, who she paid to investigate her husband, to either be intimidated into giving up his copies of the info, or killed if he seems like he can’t be trusted.

The team splits into a few groups to handle it all. Grackle breaks into the PI’s office and finds out that he owed money to a bookie named Squirrel, though a big chunk was recently cancelled out, so they worry he already sold on the info on the husband. 3 Card, Eion, and Watt head to the bookie’s bar to see what’s up, and due to Eion’s temper get in a fight pretty much right away, which ends with the bookie and his bodyguard dead, and the team fleeing with the file folder of printouts and a small drive that seem like the PI’s info. They hear that the mafia is on the lookout for them now, as they killed one of their affiliates (though luckily not a full made man).

Butter and Oldtimer trail the PI and intimidate him into promising to back off, and believe that he’ll hold it up. They make very clear that they’ll be back if he doesn’t. Grackle, Yanko, and Aleiron ambush the husband during his afternoon visit to the bunraku parlor, using the PI’s info to figure out his schedule. They grab him before he can head in (and thus to try to keep out of trouble with the Yak), and Aleiron stabs him in the heart after Grackle, an aspiring Halloweener can’t manage. He gets good footage of the death though. They hide his body a little ways a way after emptying his pockets to make it look like a random robbery gone wrong. Mathis is satisfied, and pays up, telling them she may use their services again in the future.

Feeling they are as ready as they can be, Oldtimer lays out the big job: a casino heist up in Everett. One of the non-Mafia or Yak casinos hosts a weekly private game between some high rollers, and Oldtimer’s fixer, Rex Simmons has some tips about suggesting there will be a brief window where a huge stockpile of chips and credsticks will be laid out in the private room before the bigshots arrive with their entourages and guards. The timing is going to have to be close for it to work, but it seems doable with a big enough team. Simmons asks to be kept up to date, and negotiates a split with Oldtimer, who decides to keep a sizable chunk for his retirement before splitting the rest with the team. The team agrees, and they begin planning it out.

One other detail: they are to set up a man named Fingers Barducci as the fall man, by leaving his body at the scene and making sure he didn’t die too far beforehand. They find out he is a mafia hitman, currently on the run. They eventually track him down, and make a plan to grab him earlier the day of the heist. They will dose him with slab to keep him movable, and use explosives in the job (his signature), making sure he dies in the blast. They are a little concerned about further aggravating the mafia, but hope that word of their involvement won’t get out.

They check out the casino, and surveil the game a week ahead of the planned job, and formulate a plan. They get the final set of details from a disgruntled ex-employee named Brick, who is working with some smuggler gangs on Fox Island. Grackle and Watt steal a car, which Butter tunes up for the getaway, and the rest of the team plans the ways in, checks security, and plots their escape route through the sewers under the building. Oldtimer updates Simmons on the details, and gets the go-ahead. Simmons provides funds for job materials (including car upgrades and explosives), but is tight with the purse strings. Also, disturbingly, Oldtimer is unable to clearly remember his face, with is rare for him given his perfect memory. He mentions it to the team, but they assume it to be a pro move on the fixer’s part.

The heist goes off pretty much perfectly, with the exception of some strange explosions outside as they blow their way into the sewers. They escape with roto-drones on their tails, and almost link up with Butter, Oldtimer and the getaway ride, when Oldtimer is felled by a sniper’s bullet to the head, and the rest of the team is ko’ed by Knight Errant. They wake up about a day later aboard a KE prison transport boat, and hear a news report that a mafia heir and 2 Yakuza underbosses where killed in a “terrorist attack” at the casino. There is some speculation that it may have been a rival mafia faction is behind it, not wanting there to be peace between the mafia and Yak’s. However, the news reports that the runners thought to be responsible are in custody and awaiting charges- the team feels that they must have been betrayed and set up, but what have they gotten themselves in the middle of?

Arriving at McNeil Island, they are transferred from KE custody to Lone Star Security Services. They wait in holding for quite a while before they are told they have a visit from their lawyer, which surprises them. They are brought to a conference room and meet Imaginary Annie Goldsmith, who seems to use magic to disable the room’s camera before turning on a white noise generator concealed in her bag. Some of the team noticed that she was closely examining 3 tarot cards as they entered, but she quickly stashed them away. She tells them that they are being held until KE and the city DA decide what to charge them with, and agrees to take some messages for them and run a few errands. She gives them the lay of the land, and says she will pull some strings to get them assigned to the block that the mafia and Yak aren’t on, to try to keep the alive a little longer. She suggests they start making some friends.

She says she’ll be back soon, but won’t tell them any more about why she was there in the first place than that she “had a feeling it was important.” She gives them some smokes to use as currency, and gives Grackle and Watt lockpicks. Aleiron loses some of the smokes to a guard almost right away, but cons her way out of a demerit. They head back to holding before being assigned to C block (the “safer” area), and meeting their new cellmate, a touchy dwarf brawler named Sharky. He gives them the rundown of prison layout and factions. They make a few friends in the Reality Hackers at breakfast the next day, given a mutual love of “Marry Me Kat Katana”, and Watt offers their services to the Koshari, through his good rep with the Dogmen. They work shitty jobs the first day, but the RH’s get them reassigned to more choice labor by calling in a favor (to be paid back by the team) with Andrews, the officer in charge of assignments.

Butter goes to work in the machine shop, buddying up with some 405 Hellhounds to avoid the human supremacists who are in the majority. Eion and 3 Card do manual labor outside the walls, and make some contacts with Cascade Orks. Watt and Grackle get assigned to a tech gig, overhauling some of the prison’s ancient systems, and manage to start scrounging some scrap parts. Grackle gets a demerit when they find his smokes, but manages to hold onto the lockpicks. Yanko seems content to keep stamping license plates and trading handjobs for random drugs. Aleiron and Sharky get assigned to the library, hoping to be able to move messages around, and start working on a secret code language the team can use.

They survive another few days like this, with Grackle being the only one wounded when an overexcited ‘Weener named "Jack O’Lantern" (the name all ‘Weeners are supposed to use when arrested) bites off part of his face. He gets to see the medical area in the white collar wing, and starts to get a feel for the sec systems and practices. Annie visits again, and tells them all they’ve been denied bail under a “terrorism” provision, they are all assigned criminal SINs (those that didn’t have them yet), and she says she hasn’t found a ton of into about Simmons, they fixer they assume is behind the setup. She asks them for a list of anyone else who might have betrayed them, which they provide, and they also give her their version of events. She says she will spread it around as much as possible, which will hopefully get the Yak off their back, but will likely not help with the Mafia for obvious reasons.

She tells Watt to listen hard that night as she is leaving, and the team hears Watt’s dog Ada howling outside that evening. Aleiron shifts to wolf form and howls back, telling Ada to be patient but stay close. The team rests up and prepares to get to work on the list of jobs that Annie gave them, hoping that pleasing her (and the Johnsons behind her) will help them stay alive in here, while they begin to plot an escape.

Making The Sacrifice Play
6/6/2017, 1:42:25 PM
Runners
Senk Gethin
Sanquals Love
Toast
Fentin
Christopher Toff
Speed Tanaka

After completing the chal’han, and getting the lowdown]] on all the synthesized info that Frosty Jane has assembled from the various caches, the team agrees to do one last job together: head to Aztlan, find the fovae, and do whatever they can to destroy the bridges the Horrors are trying to build across. Jane briefs Love and Toff on a modified version of the ritual Dunkelzahn used for similar purposes, which she has put together from cache knowledge (as well as having dealt with a Horror crossing point before). She explains that although unwilling sacrifice is more potent in blood magic, a willing self-sacrifice will be harder for other blood mages to break, given it’s purity of purpose.

Chessick Allens-Whitehill decides to sit this one out, preferring to live to enjoy his fortune, and returns to work at the All-Seeing Eye as well as freelancing for other spots as a sort of gonzo crisis reporter (after some significant cyber upgrades). Chem is crushed to be sidelined, but given his astral sight/sound replacement, he is having hard time adjusting to the perceptual input, and heads to the Ex-Corporate Scientists lab to get fitted with some sensors that should help.

Toast links back up with the team as they begin setting their affairs in order, training for the mission, and gearing up. They are all very suspicious, especially as he is now pretty much all cyber, but he explains that they only managed to save his head, and had to replicate the rest of his abilities as best they could. Toff reads his mind and can only detect the pre-existing magical interference from the nightmare spirit when they were leaving Boston, so they decide to trust him for this job, and then go their separate ways. Gethin considers using her spirit key to flee back to the Fae Realms, but decides to complete the mission first. Toast and Gethin both will all of their stuff to each other in case they don’t make it (unbeknownst to each other). Fentin signs a contract with Saeder-Krupp Heavy Industries to become a fulltime corporate runner, after this job is done, but also gets the news that the last remaining Ro Tain was killed after she attacked an SK facility in France (apparently after Toast told her they were keeping clones there). It seems that Ro believed (true or not) that SK had been using her runs against Renraku Computer Systems’ cloning program to jumpstart a program of their own.

Finally ready, the team heads to Madagascar with Jane, along with a mysterious woman that only Fentin recognizes as Hestaby in human form, to convince the notorious pirate Kane to help them in their mission. Being a longtime hater of all things AZT, he agrees, and they arrange for him to attack a coastal facility to distract some naval elements, and hopefully allow them to sneak in to the country undetected. This part of the plan goes off without a hitch, and they quickly reach the foave site. Unfortunately, they find it guarded by the new AZT/ Ordo Maximus cadre:The Bloodpanthers, vampiric combat-focussed mystic adepts. Hestaby and Jane, through spellcraft, manage to stabilize a crossing point through one of the fovae, and Jane, Toff, Love, and Gethin head through while Hestaby holds it open, and Speed, Fentin, and Toast hold off the Bloodpanthers.

The exterior team decides it’s time to bail after the other team crosses, hoping they will be able to exfiltrate themselves astrally. They try to make for the chopper but get cut off by AZT reinforcements. Speed volunteers to stay behind and hold off the Bloodpanthers while the rest retreat, and Hestaby manages to whisk Toast and Fentin to relative safety in Amazonia through a massively overpowered levitate, which leaves even her stunned and gasping for breath. Speed casts aside her scabbard, no longer needing it, and the last anyone sees of her she is dogpiled by Bloodpanthers while swinging wildly about her with her blade. The three escapees spend a short time in Amazonian detention before Hestaby secures their release through high-powered local friends, and they head off: Fentin to SK, Toast to Cara’Sir, to check in with the Moonlight Thorns, who are distressed to see that all his magic is gone, but his Prince agrees to keep him on in a slightly less-official capacity.

Meanwhile, as the Chasm, Jane and the rest are disturbed to see that one bridge has had significant progress made on it. Toff is quickly overcome by the whispers offering the answers to all mysteries, though not before he tells Jane to kill him if he starts to do anything strange. Love and Gethin hold it together, and Jane begins the modified “Dragonheart” ritual, with Love joining in. Gethin volunteers to sacrifice themself in order to add power. Toff, Love and Gethin are forcibly merged together in Gethin’s heavily-cybered body, and have a brief moment of knowing each other completely before they are all erased, and the magically animated cyberzombie is set to patrol the most intact of the remaining bridges, from where, far in the distance, it can just make out the primary astral bridge, and the figure standing astride it, holding back the coming Horrors. Jane makes her way back to the material plane, wounded and drained. She ensures that some higher-ups in Imperial Japan know of, and understand, Speed Tanaka’s sacrifice, which is deemed sufficient to erase the stain on her family’s honor, and they are given their title and ancestral holdings back.

As 2078 continues, Toast has been doing any assassinations he can, while also doing odd ‘dirty’ jobs here and there for the more liberal Princes in Tir Tairngire. He also engages in some further O’Connor investigations, and some anti- Brokerage X activity. He feels a strange urge to compile notes on all these activities and forward them to a commcode he has memorized from time to time. He and Fentin also contribute some of their payday (Jane provides!) to the memories of their dead former team-mates. They pay for a bunch of supplies, including the crazy repellers which they’ve been working on at the lab, into Boston, along with a statue of Gethin. Toff’s will left his assets to the Library at Alexandria, which adds a “Christopher Toff Reading Room”, with a cozy fireplace, some comfortable chairs and benches, and many shelves of rare tomes, scrolls, and tablets. Toast inherits Gethin’s spirit key, as well as her share of the lab, and rewrites his will so that, should he die, his 2/3rd’s share can never be sold to a corp, although anything developed there can be sold to the public.

Chem, getting used to his sensors, hires on an alchemist at the lab as the latest staff addition, and begins dabbling a bit himself, pushing the limits of his new astral senses. Chem and Fentin both begin to have strange dreams of a circle of figures in black and tan robes chanting around a ritual mark. They confer with each other, and Toast, and decide this is likely the vaunted Group X, coming to collect as promised. However, they confirm that Toast contains no parts of original Toast, as he has not been targeted, meaning any bio samples they had are useless for a ritual link to him. Fentin reports all of the happenings in AZT to SK, as well as doing a major writeup on Jackpoint (gaining full membership), and gets SK to “officially” report his death to his parents. He then calls in all his favors to get transferred to Zurich Orbital, and begin working for SK’s demi-GOD, figuring that Group X won’t be able to get to him ritually outside of a manasphere, which will give him time to look into them.

Chem seeks tech and alchemical solutions at the lab, while doing his own investigations, as well as seeking out the remnants of the Brotherhood of Flesh in Metropole, hoping to learn more about their abilities, and possibly gain some magical protection. Toast promises to report back anything he finds about the mysterious assassins. Chessick globetrots, reporting from a variety of battlefields, warzones, refugee crises, z-zones, and the like. His following grows significantly, though he sometimes misses the camaraderie of the old days.

Seelie Court Part 3
6/4/2017, 10:46:42 AM
Runners
Senk Gethin
Sanquals Love
Toast
Fentin
Chem
Christopher Toff
Chessick Allens-Whitehill

The runners enter the Chambers, a series of polyhedral rooms connected by branching hallways, in order to seek the ancient and secret knowledges rumored to be contained therein. They find extensive expedition notes by a series of astral explorers throughout the ages, and confirm many of their suspicions/beliefs about the layout and connectedness of a variety of metaplanes. They also discover notes suggesting that Aztechnology has been heavily invested in uncovering the mysteries of this area, including a potential hidden faction, and have been spending most of their efforts in the Seelie Court here.

Finding expedition notes from a few explorers and comparing them to records left by an AZT employee also reveals the Horror’s location: across a deep and wide chasm at the far edge of the astral sea. Although Big D still guards the Bridge (in cyberzombie form), it is not the only bridge- others are under construction, here and there, trying to bridge the gap. Toff, after touching the writing, begins hearing persistent whispers offering knowledge beyond anything he could have imagined if he will only repair 1 of the bridges. They also find out that the chasm is shrinking, though not close enough the Horrors can cross unassisted as of yet. It seems to be tied to the magical cycle, as speculated previously.

The AZT employee’s hurried scrawlings also reveal that AZT has been working to develop a plan for defending themselves (& any paying customers) against the next Scourge, working to redevelop kaer tech, studying and learning blood magic as an offensive and defensive tool, and researching the Horrors themselves. Unfortunately, the Horrors corrupting power is too great for many mortal minds to ponder, and there is a pro-Horror cult deep within AZT that is actively trying to speed their arrival. This is the Smoking Mirror that the team had heard of before, who were backing the Righteous Province brujos, as well as Logos, as well as connections to the vampiric cabal within the Ordo Maximus. The AZT employee has become convinced that SM has sent spies along on their mission, and that they have been converting/corrupting others to their cause. Worried that they are next, the employee decided to secretly leave a record.

The team also finds 2 bronze heads in separate chambers, and is able to query them: they each promise the answer to a single question. The team manages to keep on task, and inquiries as to the location of, and how to secure, the cache. They are told that it is within the Labyrinth, and that the flowers are the key. They manage to make their way out of the shifting and treacherous chambers, and split up to research flowers in the libraries. They also finally look into what happened to Toast, and find that he was killed (or nearly so) in the arena, and that Niall O’Connor’s ally spirit managed to retrieve his head and some other bits. When they confront O’Connor, he tells them that he passed Toast’s still barely animate remains (in a magically stabilized state) along to Saeder-Krupp, as they promised to assist.

Chem and O’Connor also sent along the envoy from Comet to meet SK, as promised. O’Connor seems to have his own hidden agendas, but definitely not working for the Queen (or not exactly anyway). Toff thinks he will be a good contact for the Vigilia Evangelica, fulfilling another task. Fentin cashes in their munera debt with Gilik to have his arm removed to rid himself of Gwynplaine’s mark, replacing it with a clockwork contraption which he hopes will translate back to real cyber on the material plane. Hoping that this will at least prevent GP from easily tracking them whenever they return, they plan to blow off his jobs. Then, they meet up at the Labyrinth.

Entering, they find some sleeping benches near the front, where they minotaurs drop off the drugged individuals who have given up. They follow some clues in the stonework to choose an initial path, and head off. Moving through a series of chambers by analyzing the subtly different carvings of flowers, they make their way- they are not sure if the other subtle clues hidden in the rooms also lead to secrets or treasure, only following the path they have been told to follow. Eventually, they find a chamber devoid of any carvings, and looking around, are eventually able to find the cache, invisible and hidden high in the room. They manage to retrieve it, and decide to crack it open as promised to show to Thisbe Sorrel’s spirit, Walks Through Tall Grass. However, when they open it, they hear a strange sound, and reality rips open around them. They find themselves falling through the sky into the area near Yellowstone.

Taking some damage, but nothing lethal, in the fall, they are distressed realize that they are in wilderness, with almost none of their gear (weapons, armor, etc) as this was all left in their quarters in the Castle. They manage to get a call through to Frosty Jane, who seems surprised and delighted to hear from them- it’s been 7 months since they went into the fae realms, which they experienced as 7 days. Apparently the Atlantean Foundation had returned 6 and a half months ago, seemingly disappointed, from the fae realms and has been unable to find any further caches on Earth, so the team is declared the winner, once Jane scrambles a chopper to bring them safely in.

They examine the contents of the cache, and take their prizes/payout. WTTG, satisfied, makes his exit to seek passage back to the Seelie. Love gets a strange piece of blood magic called a blood crystal, effectively magical ’ware, and Chem finds another ancient symbiote, which replaces his eyes and ears with astral sense. Jane also informs them that what is being referred to as “The Yellowstone Incident” apparently occurred many months ago, with a portal opening in the sky long before the team fell out- so some sort of strange fae time manipulation must be in play. However, the portal has moved since the team came through, though it seems in general to signal a new connectivity with the Seelie Court, and crossing has become much more common, if not always easier.

Jane pays the team out for the Chal’han victory, and congratulates them. She says that given the info they uncovered about AZT and Horror cults, she hopes at least some of them will stay on to work with her on disrupting their work. She confirms that herself, Harlequin, and Bull MacCallister had destroyed a previous bridge in the making, but that many runners lost their lives in the process, so it will be dangerous work. She also reports that fovae have been detected in Aztlan by the Jackpoint user Elijah who was almost corrupted in the process. The fovae allow far easier access to the Horror’s chasm and bridges, and she worries this could quickly ramp up if not contained. Love and Toff seem interested.

SK offers Fentin full-time employment, having been quite satisfied with his work- they say they can always use runners with professionalism on the payroll. He is told that Toast should be back on his feet and with them soon, also. Which they are all a bit worried about, having seen the Toast clone in the SK facility in France. Fentin is also told that the team and SK have no bad blood, as they completed a sufficient number of the tasks assigned to them in the Court (specifically, finding someone skilled at crossing over, making an intro to a potentially friendly faction to ally with, and uncovering the origins of the Jewel of Memory, as well as significant further intel). Chem tries to adjust to his new sight/hearing, with much difficulty. Gethin ponders a return to Boston, or possibly the Seelie Court. Chessick, having finally gained access to his huge Boston payday, decides to go in for some major upgrades.

Jane, as promised way back at the beginning of the chal’han, releases all of the info and magical knowledge they recovered, in at least some form. Most of the magical stuff she puts out publicly, although she reserves some of the most intense blood magic and the Horror knowledge for Jackpoint and other selective forums, feeling that the public would not take this news well (though AZT is surely working on a way to break it to everyone someday via their massive PR engine.

Seelie Court Part 2
4/10/2017, 5:31:15 PM
Runners
Senk Gethin
Sanquals Love
Toast
Fentin
Chem
Christopher Toff
Chessick Allens-Whitehill

Having feng-shui’d their quarters appropriately, the team sets out to pursue their various day’s goals. They decide to attend the Morning Hearing to get a look at who else is around and see if anything interesting comes up. They see some of the same strange biz as the day before, and witness the surprisingly abrupt execution of a baobhan sith prisoner, although the hearings end a bit early today after a powerful illusion spell denouncing the Queen is triggered (and quickly counterspelled). Fentin determines it was likely an alchemical trigger set off from the cheap seats, but is chased off by 3 of the Queen’s royal guard, a mismatched trio of a left-handed duelist, a longbow-man, and some sort of social adept. They all wear black half-masks, and seem vaguely threatening.

The team also receives a few messages during the hearing, specifically an Elvar man named Honeysuckle seeking a meeting with Toast, a Wild Fae croki named Riva Dhillon requesting Fentin’s attendance (cloaked in a subtle insult), and some back and forth between Love and one of Thisbe Sorrel’s pages (who once again appears possibly related). They split up after the hearing to pursue these various meetings during the midday hours. Fentin meets with Dhillon, and is requested to do some info gathering to make up for the Wild Fae having ID’ed him as a member, after he claimed affiliation. He also embarrasses himself a bit due to his inability to operate in the strange freefall sky room that the meeting is in.

Chem and Toast go to the Cube, a truly 3d dining hall with people seated on every surface, to make their secret meet, and it seems that Honeysuckle is passing along info from the Moonlight Thorns, who want Toast to do some info gathering on the team’s sponsor Niall O’Connor. He agrees, and tries to interact with the 3d-ness of the room, but it seems that some magical property firmly keeps entrants orientated to the plane they entered on. Love and Toff grab a quick lunch at the freeform Grand Hall before afternoon tea with Sorrel, at which she explains some of the history of the court and it’s tech, especially pertaining to the Jewel of Memory and the coimeadai/Keepers. She also tries to hook up with Toff, but he is not enthusiastic. Also, disturbingly, she seems to have already produced a child from her previous day’s union with Love, who she says will have a full life of safe and gainful employ in her household. She also tells Toff that she can removed Gwynplaine’s mark using blood magic, if he wishes, and suggests that Harlequin and Gwynplaine would be difficult but not impossible to reunite.

Gethin returns to the Gallows, entering the old west paradigm, to meet again with Duke Flowerpot. He makes some general inquiries, and they both dance around the issue a bit, but he seems to be attempting to recruit the team to work with the secretive Bastard faction, and hints that they do not see eye to eye with the Queen. Gethin says they will discuss with the team and report back. Fentin goes to his 2nd meeting of the day, finding his way (despite a trickster) to the Geocache, a strange representation of a 2050’s style matrix- all green lines and hovering obelisks. He thinks the 8 enormous floating structures likely correspond to the Corporate Court members of the time, but can’t figure out how to gain access. Rooster eventually appears, and they discuss the use and nature of the Court’s “gramarye” aka it’s wireless aura. Rooster suggests that Fentin should be able to make good use of his hacking skills hear to access the Keepers, as well as locked portals and the like. They also discuss the team possibly collaborating with Hanged Man, although it seems Rooster mostly wishes to collect rare stories, to further his goal on becoming the Court Jester someday.

Chessick has been wandering and socializing, and getting shown the ropes here and there by Niall. He discovers that the Ember Banquet, though socially the lowest tier of the Banquets, can be useful to attend to make shadier contacts, and the team decides to head to a bar called Gilik’s to attend that evening’s feast. Love opts out, grabbing a snack at the Grand Hall, and seeking out one of the castle’s many Libraries, discovering much about the coimeadai/keeper system. He is told that the trick is not so much finding a library, as finding the specific thing you seek a 2nd time, and definitely gets the feeling that there are many more such stores of knowledge throughout the castle.

Fentin researches further at another library, and manages to use his recently acquired knowledge to get invited to a mid-level banquet in a strange inverted moonscape room that seems to defy gravity. He makes contact with members of the Comet and Eclipse factions, and thinks that Comet could be good to offer a contact to SK or the Vigilia Evangelica. He also gathers intel for the Wild Fae as requested. He tries a strange euphoric drug by accident as well. Meanwhile, at Gilik’s, Toast and Gethin make contact with some various folks on the outs at Court, and get some useful intel, as well as some hints of the castle’s mysteries. They also get the impression that Gilik himself could be a useful fellow to know, as he seems to have all sorts of strange connections. Chessick later gets a job from Gilik to assassinate a retired courtier of the Higher Power faction.

The next day Fentin passes along his intel, and Riva uses it to good effect to seemingly quash an attempt at a minor democratic reform. They do some further research into The Agents of Clarity, and seemingly have a good amount of options as to who to ally with. Love decides to try to impress the Magician faction as well, and boringly (though competently) crushes an opponent in the Arena with spellcraft. The team hears that the Queen’s arcana collection likely includes some Boston CFD (!!!) and also that her obsession with artifacts is a good way to manipulate her. They receive invites to banquets for the evening, and plan to reassess afterward what their next steps should be.

Love attends the Cyprian Feast, the lowest banquet of the top tier, where he makes some useful Magician contacts, more through skill than through charm. The rest of the team attends a Feast of the Fallen, discussing the castle’s mysteries and history. Toast and Chessick convince the HP assassination target to meet them on the roof after dinner for some secret knowledge, and grab Love once he’s free as well. Chessick strings the courtier along for a bit before telling him to wait and making his exit, at which point Love sends in an illusory Nightwatch Phantom, while Toast ko’s the guy with an arrow. Love scampers up under his illusion’s cover and drains the fae’s blood with his athame. He is about to recover the arrow and cover their tracks when both he and Toast are scared off by what seems to be the real Phantom.

The Phantom chases them to the exit, chilling their bones, and swipes at them with a massive blade just before dissipating into mist. They race inside, only to find that he has a left a small bleeding gash in both of their chests, that try as they might, they are unable to heal. They brief the team, and rest for the night. Nothing directly pertaining to them happens at the next morning hearings, although there seem to be more mortals than before showing up. Gethin gives info about the Queen’s CFD threat to Flowerpot/Bastard, in exchange for potential future alliance. Toast heads to the arena to try to overcome the shame of fleeing the Phantom, as well as prove his skill (especially after Love’s boring performance), and is having an impressive go at toying with and slowly disabling a shardik, when the oversized toxic bear gets a lucky swipe of it’s claws in and fells him, before feasting on his corpse. Though he tries to crawl free, he is unable, and is almost wholly consumed.

The rest of the team, unaware of his sad fate, head to the Catacombs to try to determine where the cache is, what the AZT team is up to in there, and what other secrets the catacombs contain…

Imprisoned Beneath the Seelie Court
4/4/2017, 3:25:35 PM
Runners
Senk Gethin
Sanquals Love
Toast
Fentin
Chem
Christopher Toff
Chessick Allens-Whitehill

The team, examining their cells find them all just a bit too small for the occupant, no matter what size they are. They also discover that the latrine hole in the corner seemingly leads to a shit plane somewhere, and that some unfortunate’s who tried to escape through that route have become trapped down there. They can communicate aurally with each other, but otherwise have no ability to use any senses outside their cells. What seems like about a day passes, and as they all grow quite hungry, the void disperses, and they are ushered forth into a hallway, and directed towards a communal slop trough.

Deciding they best make some sort of play, Love and Fentin make reference to the strange song that Tanaka and Chessick heard, and Toff tries to cast some spells. This gets them all hauled off to interrogation rooms, as Toast, Gethin and Chem play it cool. Chessick decides to volunteer info to avoid anything unpleasant, having seen marks of torture on some other residents (including one man with a fresh brand of a dragon scarring his face). He secures an interview with Zeha Cadgris, the dungeonkeeper, who seems quite interested in what he has to say. He tells her what he knows of the story- that he was shunted here while fleeing Boston, and then wrongly identified as working for “the Unmaker” and hunted by the Wild Hunt. Cadgris accepts his tale, and says he will be brought before the Queen to receive her justice.

The other 3 don’t fare as well, receiving various amounts of torture before all giving up essentially the same story: they are pawns in a fey game, and came here on a quest, and merely defended themselves when the Wild Hunt appeared hostile. They are also told they will face the Queen’s justice, and shown back into their cells. Only Gethin, Toast, and Chem can still freely communicated, and begin conversing with someone calling himself Tom Foolery, who peaks Toast’s interest by mentioning Liam O’Connor’s former rule of the realm. He tells a story of O’Connor getting conned by some runners from the material plane to illustrate court dynamics, and also tells the team to seek a man with a crowing cock emblazened on his vest in the Crimson Hall some night, as he may be able to assist them.

Those 3 decide to volunteer up info at the next mealtime, not knowing what has become of their friends, and after confirming that their stories roughly match, and squeezing some more info out of them, Cadgris says she will send them before the Queen’s justice as well. The next day, the team plus the man with the dragon brand are all corralled together, and once again have their senses removed as they travel through what seems to be an astral gateway. They find themselves in the basement of an ancient castle, which seems somewhat alive. They are lead up a series of narrow passages and winding stairs, eventually emerging into bright daylight, and being paraded into court through the gloriously carved Dawnseeker’s Arch.

They take in the details of the court- the multitudes of fae races represented, the ornate and shifting art, and the massive tree that dominates the center of the chamber and seems to provide (or obscure) its ceiling. After watching a long litany of peon’s complaints to and requests of the Queen, they are ushered forward. The Queen, Lady Brane Deigh, is ringed with councillors, magistrates, advisors, ladies-in-waiting, and her champions and executioner, as well as other lesser figures in her retinue. Strangely, Toast notices that some of them share interlocking tattoos, and that one of the tattooed men strongly resembles Liam O’Connor, though haggard and bearing signs of traumatic injury only partially healed. He also notices Niall O’Connor, a former advisor to (and cousin of) Liam, lounging nearby, seemingly a respected figure though not part of the Queen’s retinue. Toast makes a subtle hand gesture implying loyalty to the O’Connor clan but isn’t sure if he picks up on it.

The Queen first deals with the branded man, declaring that his time in the dungeons and his prominent new adornment have rendered his sentence complete. the executioner seems disappointed. Then she turns to the team, questioning them intently, and occasionally conferring with Niall, who uses a ring to seemingly verify their truth. He vouches for them, and they manage to make a deal with the Queen, very subtly, to be able to seek the cache in exchange for helping located and secure the portal they entered through, as well as for providing the Queen with any powerful magical items that they find. She declares that so long as they stick to the terms of their arrangements, they will be forgiven their various trespasses. The team notices a rep of the Atlantean Foundation watching intently.

Love receives a private invitation to speak to one Lady Thisbe Sorrel that afternoon, and both Love and Chessick are summoned to the Queen’s private audience chamber immediately. The rest of the team go off with Niall to retrieve their gear, see their guest quarters, and use the valuable afternoon time to make some contacts. Niall makes a very subtle sign back to Toast, which seems encouraging. They go to an old-west style Tavern called the Gallows, hoping to make contact with the Hanged Men faction there (given the name), but instead Gethin manages to use her Society of the Golden Key membership to gain a meeting with a vain elf named Duke Flowerpot, who seems to represent the Bastard Faction. They set a follow-up meeting for the next day at the same place and time, in order to both take each other’s measure.

Meanwhile, at the Queen’s audience, Love and Chessick are thoroughly questioned about the song they mentioned hearing, as well as the man singing it and what he was up to. They tell her all they can and try to get some useful info, which she doesn’t provide much of. She tells them to come straight to her with anything else they uncover along these lines, refusing to confirm that this has anything to do with the Unseelie Court or the rumored Prophecy of the Unmaker. They head out, feeling hopeful that they are on the Queen’s good side for the time being. The rest of the team is shown their quarters, overseen by a somehwat mad hearth spirit named Castlekeeper, who seems to be the entity in charge of magically arranging and rearranging these quarters (as well as possibly the rest of the castle?) to suit needs. They have a moderate suite, and all take a minute to debrief while Niall goes off to deal with his own biz, telling them he will check in tomorrow.

Love heads to his tea appointment with Lady Sorrel, and is surprised to find what seems to be a teen elf girl, though her eyes perhaps reveal her true age. Niall had referred to her as the Queen in Exile, but the team isn’t sure what that means. She gives Love a very directly sexually appraising up-down, and then proceeds to launch forth in a long rant in hundreds or thousands of different languages, which Love has some trouble following (though his pacted spirit attempts to help translate). He eventually pieces together that she knows many things, claims to have lived since the 4th World (or before), and is drinking blood from a teacup. Bonding over blood magic, they head upstairs and engage in some raunchy knife-play with their athames.

She then bathes in fresh, steaming blood, and tells Love she can cure his radiation damage if he brings her fresh blood of an innocent or 2. He balks at this, but maintains his composure, and they agree to speak again, she seems likely to have ties to the Death faction. Love returns to the residence, just as the team receives a last-minute invitation to the Pranquet, aka the Prankster’s Banquet, in the Crimson Hall that night. They attend, and manage to all either gamely receive pranks or give as good as they get (except Fentin, who struggles), and eventually meet the event’s host, an human-appearing man named Rooster. He talks briefly with them of Tom Foolery and other matters, and seems to hint that a further meeting could be conducted the next day at some place called the Geocache, if they wish to pursue a relationship with Hanged Man.

The team, having many optional meetings and assignations for the next day, eagerly hits the hay, but wakens to find themselves poorly rested. Unsure why, they peruse the suite, and Love eventually determines that someone (or something) has rearranged many objects within to throw off the Feng Shui. He reorders the room using his geomantic knowledge, and the team almost instantly feels a bit better. But who was behind it?

Betrayals and Off to the Fae Realms
3/30/2017, 5:56:30 PM
Runners
Senk Gethin
Sanquals Love
Toast
Fentin
Chem
Speed Tanaka
Christopher Toff
and the return of: Chessick Allens-Whitehill

The team begins investigating the Fae Realms, which have recently become more accessible for some unknown reason (possibly to do with the unusual magical cycle of the 6th World). They hire Barnaby “Wombat” Rudd to do some digging, and also to get some of his friends to hack their datatrails and spoof their presence in other cities to throw off their assassin pursuers. They piece together what knowledge they can of what the Fae are like, how to behave there, and a few key figures who are power players in the Seelie Court. Lady Brane Deigh is possibly the most notable, as the ex-wife of Liam O’Connor and the current Queen of the Court. She also seems to be the main connective point between the civilian government of Tir na nOg and the Seelie.

Unfortunately, Deigh is thought to be allied to some degree with Jenna Ni’Fairra and other elf supremacists, which will likely mean that the Atlantean Foundation will be heavily favored in any operations taking place in TNN. So the team decides to take a riskier path to the Fae Realms: the mists of Brittany in NW France. They decide the isle of Lyonesse, though it also seems to be an access point, is too heavily guarded, and hope that with Frosty Jane using the artifacts, they can carefully determine which patches of mist they can “safely” enter to make the transit (and not just vanish as tens of thousands before them have). The Vigilia Evangelica contact Toff, and tell him that they have a request, for all of their assistance- they wish him to find and make contact with the Unseelie Court, some sort of rebel faction or shadow court about which little is known. The Catholics seem to wish to use this contact to subvert Deigh’s power. Toff agrees.

Before leaving, Gethin and Toast head south to the outskirts of Paris to a Saeder-Krupp Heavy Industries facility to get the promised interrogation of Canary. They get a lot of info from Canary, who seems to already have been sweated heavily and is under the influence of some sort of truth serum. He claims to be a member of a Cult of the Great Hunter, having apparently decided with other members that the Horrors are the only thing that can remove dragons from their current position of dominance over all other life (even at the extreme cost of a Scourge). They find out about some of the downtime hunters who slew dragons during the 5th World in their kaers, but it seems like many or even most of them were killed in the aftermath of the recent Draconic Civil War.

Unfortunately, he can’t quite confirm or deny that he killed Gethin’s parents, but basically confirms that Ni’Faira’s Songbirds acted as a deathsquad during the Tir Tairngire revolution, and that Gethin’s parents seem like exactly the sort of people they would have targeted. Gethin prompts him in a leading fashion, looking for more info, and he seems to relish playing along, helping build up Gethin’s guilt over possibly having been the person who (as a young child) accidentally betrayed her parents’ safehouse. Gethin starts slowly poisoning him to try to get more info, but SK gases the room. When Gethin and Toast wake up, they are restrained and Canary is gone. The SK man says that SK still has a use for him, so they’re going to keep him for now.

He also says that they have some further biz to discuss, and that he is glad the 2 of them came in without the rest of the team. SK, while double-checking on the team’s actions in Dubai, have discovered the duplicity around Brokerage X, and that Gethin and Toast likely acted alone in that. The man tells them that he will need certain promises, and certain deliveries made on those promises, from Gethin and Toast in order to allow this to pass without a stronger answer from the corp. He reminds them of SK’s rep int he shadows, and tells them they are lucky that SK likes the team so much, and that certain individuals in the org have been pushing for leniency.

Firstoff, they tell the 2 runners will remain members of BX, in order for SK to use their access to gain info on the shadowy org. 2nd, they will need any info on BX members and structure that the runners currently have; Toast gives up BX’s man on the ground in Dubai, as well as Mr. Bonds, which could cause problems if anyone on Jackpoint finds out about the betrayal of their rules. 3rd, SK knows the team is headed to the Fey Realms, and would like them to map and investigate any entrances/exits they can find to provide to SK, as well as to try to get a copy of the Fae census that Renraku secured a contract to undertake, and see if they can discover anything about the Jewel of Memory. Apparently dragons are not often allowed in, and Lofwyr is personally interested. And, 4th and final, the SK man instructs them to slot a datachip he passes to Gethin, which he says will upload another agent to the team’s TacNet.

Toast is furious at the demands, and unskilled at concealing it, but Gethin manages a passable bluff to get them out of there and back to the team, and figure out what to do. The SK man either believes them or chooses not to challenge them, and leads them out. He makes one stop on the way, and shows them what look to be full clones of both of them in vats. They can see other unlit vats stretching into the distance, and can only surmise that they contain clones of the rest of the team. The SK man tells the runners that SK is very invested in the team staying together and operational, and that they will take any steps necessary to ensure that this happens.

Angry and upset, they return to the team and tell them what happened. The team has various responses: Fentin and Love are extremely upset, Toff mostly wants to get going to the Fae, Speed feels they should comply with SK’s requests as the team dishonored their contract, and Chem wants to try to hold the team together and keep things from getting violent. Love burns the chip, and Fentin insists that Toast resign his Jackpoint membership, but other than that, they decide to go along with the requests, which don’t seem especially heinous. They decide to finish the chal’han together, as they are all bound to do, and then reassess if they can continue working together.

Speed flies them out to the mist, but says she will stay behind and guard Jane, as well as keep an eye on the chopper/keep it ready for an emergency pickup, not wanting to return to the Fae Realms, having been hunted from them once already. As the team exits the chopper, Toff is first out and is accosted by Gwynplaine- none of the rest of the team can sense him, though Fentin’s mark burns a bit. GP gives Toff a list of 3 names, and says that many Fae, for reasons unknown, still slumber, years into the 6th World. They are to discover these 3, sleeping in their hidey-holes, and wake 1 up, while ensuring that the other 2 never awaken. Toff, feeling helpless, agrees, and informs the team.

Frustrated and feeling cornered, they are excited to step into the mist and be transported away. They find themselves in total sensory deprivation, and manage to all independently fumble around til they find their way to a cave entrance. Love, first out, is surprised to Chessick running full tilt away from some large hunting dogs, and calls him over. They kill the dogs as the rest of the team stumbles out, distressed to notice that the cave closes off behind them. Also, the dogs’ howls have attracted more hunters, and a group of bowman as well as a massively tall man with an ornate helm and a spear descend on the team’s position.

They hold their own for a while, but are eventually all paralyzed or ko’ed, and find themselves transported roughly while drugged, eventually entering another full sensory deprivation area. They are brought forth and returned to their senses one by one, and told that they have been captured and will be held in this prison and interrogated until the Court decides what to do with them. They are told that the cells have no doors, but that if they leave outside of the instructed time, they will re-enter the senseless void, and likely never find their way back. They can speak to each other from their cells, but not see anything outside of their cramped individual quarters….

the tacnet spy chip was blank, a decoy to give the runners something to cast aside to make themselves feel better (and more likely to comply with the important bits)

Ubar The Atlantis of the Sands
3/6/2017, 7:20:30 PM
Runners
Senk Gethin
Sanquals Love
Toast
Fentin
Chem
Speed Tanaka

Christopher Toff splits off from the team to do some investigations of ancient Templar sites on Malta, and also look into the island of Lyonesse, which he and Jane believe holds the portal to the final cache, wherever that leads. As the team and the Atlantean Foundation are currently tied, the team needs to get the Ubar cache and the Lyonesse cache to ensure victory. They also hear of a group called Treasure Hunters, INC that has apparently been sabotaging some ATL digs in the Mediterranean region, and file them away as possible allies. The team also hears that they are basically persona non-grata as far as Ares in concerned, due to their activities in Dubai (luckily, NeoNET already hated them?), narrowing their future options just a bit further.

Fentin also checks out the Saeder-Krupp TacNet that they got at a heavy discount, and finds a high-powered agent program keeping an eye on things inside. He leaves it be, planning to deal with it after the run if SK doesn’t shut it down once their deal is complete, but the team is becoming a bit more paranoid of their erstwhile corporate “sponsors.” They contact The Blemmyae and call in their favor, and he puts them in touch with a Bedouin smuggler in the south named Nimat Jamillah. They arrange to have a few useful pieces of gear waiting for them when they meet, and fly south, reviewing everything they can find on Zero Zones, MCT’s famed ultra-secure sites.

Unfortunately, most of what they find suggest that MCT’s traditional weakness (magical support) is likely compensated for at this site by the presence of an Apep Consortium team, who often use paracritters and awakened security. So the team is expecting high-level response on all levels, and decides to just go as hard as possible. The isolation of the site play to their favor, as MCT won’t be able to easily muster reinforcements. Plus, the Bedouin’s, pissed about MCT denying them use of the oasis at the site, offer to help conceal the team on their approach, as well as get them over the perimeter fence, though they can’t provide much direct support.

The team agrees, and take the better part of a week to train new maneuvers and skills with the integrated TacNet. They choose their loadouts, tell Speed to be ready to swoop in with the chopper once they’ve cleared air defenses, and fill their auto-injectors with everything they can think of to keep themselves alive. The Bedouin’s, meanwhile, have been amassing a small force of their own, coming in on dune buggies and sand skiffs from the surrounding desert. They seem to be planning to pillage the site after the team completes their mission. Once everyone is ready, they head out, strapping into sand skiffs with skilled Bedouin pilots, after some of the elders do a ritual of some sort to get the sand moving.

They surf atop 100m high dunes, until they reach the edge of the Zone, when whatever magic kept the moving dunes aloft hits a barrier and collapses, flinging the team deep into the killing field inside. Love ramps them down safely with levitation and barrier spells, and has an earth spirit start quaking the ground to set off nearby mines. As they land and unstrap their motorcycles, some auto-turrets deploy from nearby camo’ed positions, and the team takes them out. However, the turrets are using devastatingly lethal loads, and the team is worried if they’ll be able to keep everyone alive long enough to reach the center of the Zone…

They encounter a series of traps and opponents, including: more turrets loaded with APDS as well as gel rounds with a blinding venom, irradiated razorcats, hellhounds, basilisks, landmines, a laser maze and a maze of monowire, moving in a cat’s cradle interlocking pattern. Luckily, the earth spirit manages to safely clear a path through the landmines before being disrupted by the monowire, and Chem and Gethin follow it in on the bike, with Toast sneaking behind on foot. Love and Fentin provide sniper and spell cover as the team approaches. However, they come under sniper fire themselves from the on-site sec goons, and get in an elaborate and deadly long-range duel.

As the bike team nears the oasis, they are felled by squads of the sec goons opening up with assault rifles and grenade launchers. They are both felled, but stabilized via the TacNet. Toast reaches them in time to start healing Gethin, as Chem comes back to under the influence of a stimpak. They finally locate the onsite anti-air defenses, when the sec goons deploy them against the team. Fentin manages through sheer luck to hack a frag missile headed his way and prevent it from detonating, though the physical missile still lands on him, causing a serious injury, and Love is reeling from drain, so they call in the chopper after Chem manages to use the AV missile in the launcher to take out the onsite missile array.

Speed races in, and manages to blast the quad cannon that rises to try to shoot him down. However, the team panics as an attack chopper rises from the dig pit to engage. They take turns taking pot shots as Speed handily dodges left and right, up and down, avoiding incoming missiles with the new onboard PDC. Chem lines up a final missile shot, and manages to take down the enemy chopper (already damaged by a stray grenade he launched down into the dig earlier) as Speed manages to corral them into his line of fire. Speed races back out the perimeter and scoops up the rest of the team, bringing them forward to the edge of the oasis, and the team prepares to storm the hill and explore the dig until they can find the cache and escape. Toff emerges from the chopper to heal his damaged teammates, having linked up with Speed after his research on Malta concluded.

Fentin starts picking up some strange matrix interference, and the TacNet comes under attack. He can’t spot the attacker, but their firewall is being degraded, so Chem and Toast blow up some different comm arrays they spot while advancing up through the camp. This stops the attacks but also prevents them from gaining any data from the destroyed equipment. They don’t find anything useful in the camp, other than signs of a quick withdrawal, so they head to the edge of the dig. They spot some large cats with some kind of holographic camo prowling around, and as these seem to be the source of the attack on the TacNet, they all go wireless-off until they defeat the e-critters. Chem takes over flying the chopper around and keeping an eye out while Speed, still un-injured, heads into the pit.

They also come under fire from 3 mini-tank drones with a variety of weaponry. They manage to defeat the drones and cats with no casualties, and begin heading down into the dig pit, finding an ancient fortress surrounded by toppled pillars and evidence of mummified remains having been removed. The MCT/Apep team has added a sealed sec door to the entrance to the fortress that they have uncovered, so Love slams through it with spellcraft. Unfortunately, this releases an overpressurized cloud of deadly Seven-7 gas that was inside the room, seemingly as a trap.

Love nearly dies, and many others on the team take severe injuries. Toff basks in his fully sealed armor. The team heads down multiple levels, dodging more traps (aside from Toast, who almost severs his foot on some monofilament). The building seems like a scaled-down model of the sky-fortresses of Thera that the team has heard tell of, and seems to have used sacrifices to serve some astronomical purpose, although the team can’t determine what. The statues they find seem to be more representations of the Passions, although many of the designs are a bit cruder, implying some might be later additions, from the early 5th Age.

They finally find the techs and scientists from the dig site holed up in the bottom-most excavated area, and try to intimidate them into surrendering. The lead tech refuses, saying that MCT will call in a Thor strike to prevent the team escaping with anything, if the team won’t leave. Chem also reports incoming choppers, but says they are in a holding pattern a ways out. The team believes the tech is telling the truth, but they also spot the cache, partially excavated from what looks to be a tomb set in the wall. So, they gun down the techs, and grab the cache, racing for the exit and the chopper in case a tungsten rod is currently hurtling towards them from atmosphere.

They get to the top, and see a disturbing glint rapidly growing larger above them. They jump into the chopper, and Speed takes back the controls. They race away from the site as the Thor shot impacts, sending up a huge blast wave and tons of sand. The chopper crashes, but Speed keeps it pretty intact, and manages to avoid much passenger damage. They make some jury-rigged repairs and limp back to the Bedouin rendezvous cave. They hide out from whatever MCT sends in to sweep the area, as the Bedouin survivors from the raiding party also straggle back. The imagery they bring shows that the area was fully glassed- SK is gonna love this, but it’s a major loss for archaeology.

They get ahold of Jane, who arranges to send the needed supplies to repair the chopper in via supply drone, and congratulates them on the successful cache acquisition. She says there should only be 1 more, and they can talk details when they link up at a set of coordinates she provides in NW France. They spend the better part of a week healing and fixing the chopper, with the cache concealed in the magic-proofed smuggling compartment, before flying Northwest. They link up with Jane, and get paid, with some keeping some items imbued with magical properties that were contained in the cache.

Jane reveals that based on her used of the artifacts, and Toff’s research, and assistance from the Vigilia Evangelica, they think the last cache is located in the fey realms, and the team will have to head there to gain it. Worse yet, the ATL team seems to have been tipped off as well, and could tie the chal’han if they get it, so the team needs to move fast. As far as Jane can tell, there are 3 potential access points: through the closed nation of Tir’na’nOg (the area most connected to the fey realms), through the mysterious mists of Brittany, and through an unstable portal on the recently risen British isle of Lyonesse, which is under heavy military security.

The team starts doing some looking into how to make their approach, with Jane telling them they will likely have to use the recently acquired Bianchi Orb to stabilize the crossing, whichever one they choose.

All The Little Fish
2/22/2017, 8:26:05 AM
Runners
Christopher Toff
Senk Gethin
Sanquals Love
Toast
Fentin
Chem
Speed Tanaka

The team, having looked into some different fixers to talk to, begins digging into the “smaller fish” going after Saeder-Krupp’s biz (after dealing with the “sharks” of ARES and NeoNET, as Hans Brackhaus called them). They make contact with 2 of the fixers and arrange meets, feeling that this will give them a useful, cross-checkable list. The Blemmyae agrees to find some info for them, and tells them to bring an offering for his pack, as well as the money. Al-Tayyib agrees to a meet at the Midas Touch after reviewing their street rep and finding it acceptable. They decide not to meet with Baligh after hearing he’s a mercenary striver, who is trying to get in good with Brokerage X and worrying that that might complicate things for them.

In order to kill 2 birds with one stone, as it were, Toast and Love decide to split off from the team and track down Erik Dannover, the assassination target Toast has been given by the Moonlight Thorns, and bring him to the Blemmyae’s ghoul pack as their offering. They head to the Red Square Vory V Zakone bar near the port to look for info (and also maybe try to get some info on Chimera ops in the city). They decide on the spot to meet with the fixer Zakhar while there, and Love impresses him with his ability to pour down vodka (using his toxin extractor).

Zakhar tries to get them to buy a bunch of military surplus before getting down to their business, so they buy a replacement bike for Toast. Toast eavesdrops around the bar while Love continues the meeting, and finds a variety of pirates, smugglers, and gangsters discussing biz, including some mention of their team and the various bounties. He pulls his hood a bit further up. Love gets info on Dannover’s location from Zakhar, as well as a list of some small-time locals getting into SK’s biz. There is one larger AA corp on the list however: Global Sandstorm, who have been using Mudaween connections to extort businesses into switching over. Zakhar also tells them that due to regional politics, Chimera doesn’t operate in the region, and that he’s heard that they aren’t currently looking for the team any more until the bounty gets higher. Love and him bond some more, before they head to the port.

There, they spot Dannover transferring some smuggled child soldiers to his ship, and set an ambush. They lure 2 guards off and ko them quietly, but Dannover doesn’t fall for it and flees. Love cooks him completely with a massive fireball, and they flee in bike with one of the ko’ed guards. They barely manage to evade pursuit from the cops and their drones, and call in a favor from Zakhar to find a place to hide locally. Love finally receives an invitation to join Neutral Ground after they collect the bounty.

Meanwhile, the other team has left Speed at the hotel to keep hiding out for now, and headed to meet Al’Tayyib. The dwarf is all pro- right down to biz, high security at the meet, no nonsense. He gives the team another list of local corps, the main surprise of which is that it includes Brokerage X. Gethin and Toast quietly debate what to do about this fact, and decide to hold off for now on making a decision, until they get the 3rd list and see who’s on it. They link up with the other team, and fly out to the desert to meet the Blemmyae. They land a little bit out, and Fentin provides overwatch while they approach on foot. He spots a few camouflaged snipers on nearby dunes, but they seem set up for surveillance more than an ambush.

The team is approached by a ghoul guard as they walk up, and ushered into camp- a caravan ring with a cleared center area. The guard takes their captive and shoves him into the center, after which a bunch of feral ghouls come crawling out of the various wagons and tear him to shreds. As they finish, the Blemmyae makes his grand entrance, gently petting the as he walks amongst them. As promised, he lacks a head, and his oversized features are set into his naked torso. He carries a strange staff with a magical aura, and is wreathed in a camo cloak. He greets them in somewhat theatrical tones, and continues in this fashion, holding forth amidst his “pack.”

They make a deal for the info, and find that it basically confirms the other 2 lists. There are a few that don’t overlap (including BX), but they feel they got what Brackhaus wanted. They also get good intel from the Blemmyae on the Order of the Assassins and their ops, as well as a deal to work together in the future to use the Blemmyae’s Bedouin contacts in the south to get the team access to the Apep Consortium digsite at the lost city of Ubar. The Blemmyae warns that MCT has turned it into one of their famed “Zero Zones” since acquiring Apep, so they can use all the help they can get.

They arrange a drop with Awrah, and Gethin secretly edits the info to remove Brokerage X’s name from the lists. Gethin and Toast also give Mr. Bonds a heads-up that they did this, as well as a copy of the duplicate names on the lists, to give BX a headstart on recouping their regional investments. Bonds seems to think this is a good portion of the way to repairing their relationship. They don’t tell the rest of the team they’re doing this. Meanwhile, Speed barely survives an assassination attempt by the Hashishin at the hotel, when one disguised as a waiter cuts and poisons her at breakfast. She wakes up to find the man’s dead body nearby as hotel guards usher people out of the room and another waiter administers an antidote from a medkit.

The team all link up and rest at the hotel for a short period before Brackhaus calls them with the next gig: they are going to make an extreme example of one of the local A corps that has been stealing their biz: Native Land Industries is to be annihilated. They agree, and make a plan. Fentin hacks NLI’s corp office, which hasn’t upgraded their security to protocols matching their growing size while other’s surveil the site. Fentin get’s the CEO’s whole life: itinerary, home address, car GPS, etc, as well as discovering that his 2 bodyguards are secretly mages. They plan to leak this info after their attack to spread unease about who may be behind it. The others notice that the guards on site are very non-professional, and decide they can probably be scared or bribed off instead of killed. They examine the building’s and equipment on site as well, and head to IDEX to buy proper explosives to take it all down.

Fentin hacks the sec firms node to get blackmail info on all the guards on the nightshift, and then he, Toast, and Chem sneak into the CEO’s house while Speed waits nearby in a rental car. They trigger their ambush just as the CEO and guards enter, killing all 3 before any are able to respond. They sneak the CEO out to the car as Chem rigs a white phosphorous trap to set the site aflame shortly after they leave. They escape the neighborhood unnoticed, and get to the NLI site, where Gethin has concealed the bikes and explosives nearby. Love and Gethin sneak onsite while the other team drives over, and each takes one of the guard teams. Using the personal info Fentin got, they manage to scare them all into leaving with no combat, and the implied threat that if the cops happen to show up, the team will come looking for the men and their families.

They plant the charges around, destroy a bunch of on-site construction equipment, and leave the CEO’s body in his office to be discovered later. They also manage to open a small floor safe and find a hand-written journal. Fentin hacks the host again and copies and then erases all their records, as well as shutting down all their drones, and then uses C-squared to clean out the car and hacks and erases the GridGuide records, before sending it back to the rental spot. The team all escapes on bikes as they site explodes behind them. They rest up in the hotel, and pass all the info to Awrah again. The journal suggests that the CEO’s conversion to Islam was initially cynical but ended up being a very positive force in his life. SK only leaks the cynical bits, as well as the intel about the secret magic bodyguards, and some other damaging biz info. NLI is destroyed, never to be rebuilt.

Brackhaus isn’t quite done with them yet, however: he needs them to disrupt a meet between ARES and an Israeli diplomat, all while making it look like ARES’ fault (and making it impossible to trace back to SK, who want to keep the Isreali contract). The team agrees. After debating the merits of some various plans, and researching the diplomat in question (who likely works for Israeli military intelligence as well), they decide on a risky approach: they tip off the Hashishin about the meeting location, paying a fee upfront with more on the tail end for the killing of the diplomat. They use an official ARES corporate ID to call it in, procured from 2XL. They fail to mention the ARES presence and under-report the Israeli security detail to attempt to ensure that the hit fails.

They ambush and kill the drive of the speedboat that is to take the Israelis out to the ARES yacht, and replace him with Gethin, who does a good job of conning along as a very unprofessional driver, to get them in the mindset of disliking ARES a bit up front. Gethin also implies that ARES is double-dealing, and taking meetings with some of Israel’s regional enemies, sort of playing them off each other, just to plant an extra seed of doubt. Gethin then drops them off at the yacht, and plants a “fake” bomb that Chem made to look like a real bomb that had some small, common failure to detonate, and also plants a commlink with encrypted comms logs of communications and payments between the ARES ID and the Hashishin, intending for the Israelis to find it (if they survive).

The plan goes fairly well, with the team providing some suppressed long-distance cover fire when it might go unnoticed. They flee the scene after faking a call to the cops from the yacht’s transponder, to make ARES look even worse. They rest up, and then take another small job from Brackhaus: capturing, UNINJURED, 2 Lebanese militant/freedom fighters who have been hassling SK employees and jobsites in the region. SK wants to negotiate with them and see what the grievance is, but they won’t agree to a meet, so SK needs the team to make a quiet extraction.

They agree, and scout the targets: Tarif Yared and his LT, Nabil Saleeba. They hang at a dangerous fundamentalist coffee house called the “Jewel of Arabia”, so the team poses as gunrunners and arranges a meet with the 2. They lure them out back of the bar, and KO them both and stuff them in a waiting van (where they displayed the weapons as a tease). They race out of the area, with militants pursuing, but ditch them with fancy driving and an illusion. A short while later, a 2 million nuyen bounty appears on Neutral Ground, 1 mil for the team’s capture or death, and 1 mil for the militant’s safe return.

They get a call a few hours later from a very pleases Brackhaus, who says that Israel has reaffirmed their commitment to SK, and they are proceeding with negotiations with the militants. He has one final job for them before they leave Dubai, which he suggests they do soon- they are becoming a little too well known locally. For the final task, they are to gain access to DIVE (the Draconic Information Virtual Exchange) in order to purchase info from a member named The Impartial Observer who SK believes to be based in Dubai. The team uses their Jackpoint membership to make contact with another DIVE member/crossposter named Wyrm Watcher, and Fentin trades WW some of the secret dragon info the team has uncovered for a provisional DIVE membership.

Meanwhile, Chem and Toast dig around on the public portions of DIVE, and find out what kind of info they should offer IO to lure them in. They also find out that the source of the 1 million nuyen bounty against them is likely the middle eastern dragon Aden, who often antagonizes Lofwyr, and supports many radical movements in the region. The team decides to stay in the hotel until the job is done, and leave via the helipad on the roof, to not risk further exposure. Fentin contacts IO and offers the truth of The Black Lodge’s involvement in the beef between Lof and Hestaby in order to prove his seriousness, and also ends up paying out a half mil for all the info on Hestaby and Aden that DIVE has collected. IO sets a meet time for the next day, to give them time to collect and encrypt the info.

Gethin heavily diguises themselves the next day to go to the meet, and the team sticks to IO’s terms: 1 member only, no one following or observing, etc. While the rest of the team provides overwatch as best they can from the hotel, Gethin heads out, right past some assassins observing the front entrance, who don’t see through the disguise. However, they eventually notice a tiny drone trailing Gethin, high in the air. Fentin checks it out, and it turns out to be an SK drone. They call in to Awrah to confirm it’s on their side, and also to register their complaints at not being told, but she brushes them off, telling them that it’s their’s and no need to worry. The meet goes fine, with IO not noticing the drone, and Gethin gets the chip back to the hotel and makes the handoff to Awrah.

Brackhaus tells the team he is very pleased with their services, and pays them the remaining balance. He also says to contact him if they are looking for some corporate assistance on their next task, if it is what he thinks it is, in exchange for a small favor. The team contacts him, interested, and he offers them a steeply discounted TacNet to use against MCT’s Zero Zone around Ubar, the Atlantis of the Sands, which is where Jane wants them to go to seek the next cache. How Brackhaus knows this, who knows… However, they can’t pass up a good deal, and accept the TacNet. The one condition is that they will provide SK with all footage of their gaining access to and exiting the Zero Zone, however they do it, in order to prove that they are not infallible after all. The team agrees.

While digging around on DIVE, they also uncovered evidence that the shapeshifter assassin Canary has been posting their, and seems to have been using info to track and kill drakes and lesser dragons, and steal their hoards. As Canary is one of the assassins who killed Gethin’s parents, they are very interested in this info, and decide to offer it up to Simon Andrews on the condition that before they kill Canary, they get Gethin in a room with him to ask some questions. Andrews flits quite a bit but agrees- maybe Gethin will get another step closer to their final revenge! The team also notices a disturbing occurrence: it seems that IO was black-bagged after their meet, and although someone using the IO handle posted a thrilling account of their subsequent escape, the team doesn’t fully believe it to be the same person.

They call Brackhaus to verify, and he neither denies nor admits what happened, which they take to mean that SK snagged IO, and are now imitating them on the board, for some purpose. They register their displeasure at being kept in the dark about parts of the mission, putting them (and their rep’s) at risk, but Brackhaus basically gives them the brushoff of “well, you’re shadowrunners, what do you expect?” The team, a bit disgruntled and on the run from various hired killers, excitedly vacates Dubai, heading south.

Up Next ARES
2/12/2017, 10:49:36 PM
Runners
Christopher Toff
Senk Gethin
Sanquals Love
Toast
Fentin
Chem
Speed Tanaka

Toff and Love, finally relieved of the artifacts, prepare themselves to stay lowkey, so as not to tip off the religious police to their magical abilities. Speed stays back at the hotel to keep an eye on stuff, given her prominent appearance and recent involvement in a hit. The rest of the team makes contacts with Asriyah to get info on Ares Macrotechnology spy ops in the city, and get directed to a smuggler and Jackpointer named 2XL. They are told to sneak out to his ship in the port, as a kind of test, to make the meet.

Toast agrees to tackle the infiltration, and they disguise the chopper as a medevac unit and forge up some papers to use to con air traffic. Toast rappels and jumps down onto the ship, and successfully bypasses the guards to meet up with 2XL. He sells them 2 cases of “exotic fruit”, not wanting to tip anyone to selling info on Ares in the region. Toast grapples back up to the chopper, and they find an optical chip hidden in one of the fruits, containing the data they sought. Ares operates locally through a front A corp called “Golden Fleece Shipping.” Their spies likely are based there.

They surveil the site for a while, and notice that one of the warehouses doesn’t receive shipping deliveries, but does receive direct deliveries by courier, and also that some surprisingly well-armed guards always manage to keep one team near that warehouse as well, even during the calls to prayer. They figure this must be the target site. Fentin hacks the courier company and finds their schedule, and Chem plans an ambush near a construction site. Love carefully summons a spirit, who causes the courier to wipe out. They grab him, and Gethin takes the bike and tells locals they’re rushing him to a hospital. They flee as the mudaween approaches, summoned by locals who spotted the spirit.

They leave the courier on stasis in the med unit in the chopper while Gethin changes into his clothes and they make a fake synthmask of his face, after Toff finds the protocols for entry while reading his mind. Gethin brings the package to the suspicious warehouse, and gains entry using the false face. They then fake illness to gain access to the bathroom, and find that there’s a false wall with a hidden wireless-proof room built into the building envelope. They crawl up into the ceiling and carefully hook a data tap & antennae into some cables running above the ceiling of the false room, giving Fentin remote access to the hardwired system.

He hacks the server located therein, and avoiding the patrol IC, gets a copy of the secure data without alerting the system or triggering the data bomb. They flee the area back to the hotel and regroup, after dropping the courier off at a local hospital (dosed with laes), and leaving his bike outside. They review the data, pass the relevant bits along to Asriyah as promised, and give it all to Awrah. Hans Brackhaus soon after pays up and gets them a message. He is quite pleased with their performance and quick turnaround, and “generously” gives them team a full rest period before the next timed job begins. Toast decides to check out the Moonlight Thorns safehouse to resupply and get his mission dossier while the rest of the team recuperates.

He takes a hotel car to a nearby area, and notices he is being tailed while proceeding on foot. He takes to the roof, and the man follows. They fight, and Toast wins the day, but the man dies before he can question him. Toast guesses it’s one of the Hashishin, which seem like the most obvious next group for The Black Lodge to send after them. The team all orders new SIN’s through Asriyah, worried about how they’re being tracked, and Chem analyzes the auto-injector that the dead assassin had on him- he was using K-10, the deadly kamikaze variant, which confirms Toast’s assumption.

Toast also finds the safehouse well-stocked and supplied, and is impressed by the MT op’s support. He and Gethin receive a disturbing message from Mr. Bonds, asserting that the team will need to provide Brokerage X with some good intel to offset the losses that the Brokerage may suffer from the team’s activities- some of their high-level guys have apparently invested heavily in Saeder-Krupp taking a heavy hit in the region. Feeling a bit pressured, they pass along some intel about illegal Ares activity they found on the server, which Bonds says is “a good start.”

After they rest up, Brackhaus gives the next mission deets. They’re gonna go after the AA and A local corps that are trying to poach their biz. They need the team to find out: who’s acting against them, and who their targets and point people are. Then they’ll go from there. The team asks around and gets the name of 5 local fixers who might know some useful info. 2 are based out of The Midas Touch, an unaffiliated dwarf named Al-Tayyib and an elf named Baligh, who seems to have some Brokerage X ties and be a bit mercenary. A Russian arms dealer and smuggler named Zakhar who operates out of a Vory club named Red Square. Fawzan, a religious fundamentalist with New Islamic Jihad, who works out of the horse track outside of town. And The Blemmyae, a strange individual with Bedouin ties, who serves as a patron to the local ghouls outside of town.

They do some research to figure out who to go to, and also find out that Asriyah seems to be a local agent for Aegis Cognito, which they are slightly concerned by since she has their new SIN info. They also start to get the feeling that Global Sandstorm, the largest regional AA, is probably one of the major movers, as they’ve been seeing their security forces all over IDEX and the rest of Dubai.

Off to Dubai
1/30/2017, 1:29:36 PM
Runners
Christopher Toff
Senk Gethin
Sanquals Love
Toast
Fentin
Chem
Speed Tanaka

While Toff guards/peruses the artifacts, the rest of the team heads to the meet with Saeder-Krupp Johnson Hans Brackhaus, at a “predators” club called Fenris Nacht. They hire a hotel limo to take them to the club, in a rundown suburb, and sneak out of the hotel a few at a time to try not to attract attention: between killing some of *Mujaji’s * sec forces and accidentally killing 2 of the HH guards in the basement of the museum, they’re worried who may be after them now.

They reach the club with no trouble, and find a well-secured and disguised entrance into a Germanic-style hunting lodge. They check their weapons, and buy some drinks while they wait. They scope out the opposition while they wait, having been told that their are a few teams ahead of them. They feel like they are probably the most pro team here, but there are a few others that seems decent. Love also spots a man surreptitiously observing the team, and sending messages back to the meet room in the back. They get some good reads on etiquette appropriate to the meet, and adjust their plan accordingly.

They finally get ushered back to meet Brackhaus, and Gethin impresses him with their German. They seem to have performed well while under observation in the bar, and answer Brackhaus’ questions to his satisfaction, so he offers them the gig. It involves travel to Dubai, where they will investigate Ares Macrotechnology and NeoNET‘s efforts to use the corporate reshuffling to steal away some of SK’s middle eastern clients. They negotiate for a sizable payday, as well as a safe place to land the chopper in Dubai and an expense account. They agree, and head out, only to come under attack while leaving the club.

Chem and Gethin get quickly ko’ed by a sniper while 2 others open up with assault rifles from a building across the street. Toast leaps across the street and into the building while Speed runs after, they take out the 2 cyber-goons with only minimal further injury, and Fentin manages to trash the sniper’s comm while hiding under a car. The sniper seemingly flees, and the team escapes the area in the limo while Fentin hacks a burner comm they found on one of the Chimera goons (based on the tactics, cyber, and Russian prison tats), and find communications with someone in Universal Omnitech. They speculate that Thomas Roxborough may have decided to join forces or pass along assets from the Gilgamesh Initiative to the cyber-assassins.

Checking Neutral Ground, Toast finds that their bounties have increased again, with extra money from a second party (the HH’s?) for Toff, Love, and Chem. There is also a bonus for their “pelts,” implying Mujaji might be in on it too. They get some last minute smuggling compartment upgrades to the chopper, and then using Brackhaus’ forged passes, fly to the Arabian Peninsula under the cover of attending the yearly IDEX arms depot in Dubai. Upon landing, they secure a large suite at a high-end hotel, using the stipend from the chal’han and some personal money to ensure their quarters have decent security. Love and Toff wait in the suite with the artifacts until Frosty Jane can ditch her pursuers and get to town to pick them up (and drop off the team’s motorcycles).

Brackhaus puts them in touch with his local fixer, who will be their contact for receiving job info and payment, a woman named Awrah. She gives them the lowdown, and says she has procured the services of a local merc to help them get situated- it turns out to be their old comrade Ashraf Alcide Hess, who seems to have used his Boston payday to get even more cybered-up. Awrah tells them that they will need to hit back at Ares and NeoNET, as well as deal with some smaller corps and local matters, to secure SK’s regional dominance. They decide to tackle NN first, and Hess tells them that the woman to talk to is a local info broker named Asriyah, since they once again don’t want to use Am-mut’s services, due to her potential Apep ties.

After getting some quick lessons in local dress, customs, etc from Hess and Awrah, the team contacts Asriyah, and is given a locale for the meet. They research it a bit, and notice that it is in a district popular with fundamentalists and listed as “unsafe” for tourists. They call back and suggest a more neutral meet spot, called The Midas Touch, which seems to impress Asriyah. She says she appreciates a team who does the appropriate amount of intel gathering before a meet. They show up at the bar, ready to get down to business as Brackhaus has them on a clock, but they are unsure which of the woman in full abaya’s is Asriyah. After a few minutes, one of them approaches and steers them back to a private room with counter-surveillance gear in place. She seemingly wanted to make sure that the team was who they said they were.

They make a deal with her to get the info on NN’s local spy ring, in exchange for giving her a full copy of the data they get from the NN server’s that they will need to hack. They agree, and also arrange an amount to pay for her silence, as Neutral Ground has revealed that there is a fresh bounty for info on capture of a team of foreigners working locally for SK. It seems they’ve already attracted someone new’s interest… They head to the Gold Souk, a jewels and gems market, and surveil the shop that the NN ring uses as a front. The owner knows the deal, but has 2 employees that are unaware. There is a secure backroom with a vault for the jewels, and which seems likely to be the base for the NN team’s secure server. The team decides to stage a robbery to cover their tracks.

Having also seen that there a large number of open bounties due to the influx of wanted individuals for IDEX, they decide to stage a distraction as well. They find that a white separatist from NAN is in town, and pawning off gold with 2 bodyguards in the souk, presumably to buy arms for his cause. They wait til the target store closes, then Fentin hacks and loops the cameras and security alarms he can find, while Toast, Speed, and Hess assassinate the separatist and his 2 bodyguards. The hit goes off without a hitch, but quickly attracts attention from both the local Dubai Police and the Caliphate’s religious police, the Mudaween, as well as drone support. Toast and Speed flee the area while Hess stays to fight, compelled by his superhuman psychosis.

Meanwhile, Toast and Gethin gain access to the store, and Fentin hacks their way through the sec door to the backroom. They spot a pressure plate trap and disable it before opening the safe, a combo of lockpicking and hacking, and load up on gems inside while Fentin hacks the offline server also located within. He barely gets the NN info, and his deck takes a beating from IC in the process- he also alerts the system to an intrusion attempt. So, to cover their tracks, they use explosives to destroy the server in the safe, trying to make it look like they wrecked it trying to get to the gems, and didn’t get any info. They come under attack while exiting from 2 NN agents in squidsuits with SMG’s and a sniper across the street. Toast doubles back and takes out the sniper, and ID’s him as a man they saw hanging around the souk earlier in the day- it seems the spies kept the store under surveillance. The team inside barely manages to kill the other 2 men before fleeing as well.

The team all links up at the hotel, minus Hess who is on the run from the cops, and is listed and pictured as “WANTED” on a number of local screamsheet bulletins. So, down one local guide. However, they got the info that Brackhaus needed, and get him the list of clients NN was trying to poach, where they were at with them, and also which SK exec’s and researchers are targeted for extraction. He is pleased, and pays them their first installment through Awrah. They pass along the data to Asriyah, as promised, who also seems thrilled, especially at some hints of infighting in NN that are present as well. Also, they completed the job quick enough to have time to get some rest before hitting Ares, and still have a full day for that job.

Cape Town Museum Heist
1/27/2017, 1:10:07 PM
Runners
Christopher Toff
Senk Gethin
Sanquals Love
Toast
Fentin
Chem

Landing in Cape Town, the team unloads their motorcycles from the plane and confirms that their bounty on Neutral Ground has increased again. Toast also determines that the cybersoliders coming after them in Egypt were likely Chimera, given the Russian connection. The team also finds out that Azania is a power base for Universal Omnitech, and hope that their old adversary Thomas Roxborough isn’t also after them. They get the Jackpoint lowdown on the scene in town, and find a secure hotel to stay in, as well as a secure lockup to stash their bikes. Frosty Jane quickly has to leave with the blimp aboard the plane, as The Black Lodge has begun targeting her. Speed Tanaka gets the chopper airborne and will be nearby for extraction. They upgrade it with some further protections and weapons systems.

The team scouts the museum in the 3 realms, and finds that a contingent of Heavenherds with either paracritters or bonded spirits is on patrol on the outside and inside of the building, while work crew finished preparing for the opening gala in three days time. Fentin hacks the architects office and steals the building plans, finding that local sewers were re-routed to make space for a large vault dead center in the museum basement- this seems like the likely target. Exterior security seems primarily drone and device focussed, but with the astral overwatch from the HH’s, the team decide to split up again, and use a distraction up-top while a small team infiltrates from below.

Doing some research, they find that much of the local criminal underworld has power bases in the sewers, as the aboveground area of downtown is heavily patrolled by merc’s paid for by the national government, and occasionally backed by shamans and Lion shapeshifters provided by Mujaji, the “Rain Queen” and great dragon who lairs on nearby Table Mountain, and oversees the city. Chem tries to make contact with the local underworld, but ends up paying to almost get Toast killed in a monofil sewer entrance trap, seemingly set by a local ghoul 162’s affiliate with Fear the Dark ties. They decide to try again, and Fentin and Toff manage to make contact with a man named Elmo Van Antwerpen, a face for the extortionist Numbers Gang.

They make a deal with Elmo to clear the rebuilt sewers under the museum of whatever kind of terrible beast has taken up residence there (maybe a sec measure?), in exchange for access to the area for 2 days in a row. They head in, and get into a major brawl with a pack of fenrir wolves and the mama wolf, which seems to be a CFD-infected fenrir with a cyberwerewolf in it’s brain. They slay them, but Toff and Toast pulse themselves after coming into contact with some fluids while harvesting reagents and noticing the CFD possibility. They report back to Elmo, and get approval to return the next day for the heist, after scouting the site and making the plan. Toff will shape materials out of the way while also sustaining a silent bubble, allowing him to remove the hardened concrete under the vault as Chem chainsaws through the reinforced rebar. Love will be in charge of dealing with the in-vault security, with Chem and Toff as backup, which Toff confirms is 2 more HH’s using clairvoyance.

He also sees that much of the vault is taken up by a large pryamid covered in astrological symbols and runes, reminiscent of the sextant of worlds, and sees that the missing top of the pyramid is kept in a nearby safe. They get Jane to send the sextant, and she warns them of its curse. Meanwhile, Fentin and Toast buy a cheapish sniper rilfe and a semi-intelligent firing platform for it. They hide it in a parking garage with a line of sight to the museum, and plan to use its un-suppressed firing as a cover for their own sniper attacks from a different roof across the street. Gethin also sets up nearby with the last missile, in case a bigger distraction is needed. Feeling ready, Love summons a spirit, and they get to work. Lacking wireless in the sewers, they’ve had to set a timer to agree on a “go” time. Fentin will also hack to try to prevent interior alarms in the vault while the sewer team gains access.

They plan to use non-lethal means where possible, to avoid making new enemies of the HH’s, who they don’t know much about (though apparently they have some beef with Mujaji). Toff gets a bit of an underwhelming result on his shape materials spell, so the sewer team ends up a bit behind schedule in gaining access to the vault, but Fentin completes his hacking in time and disables the seismic alarms, before he and Toast begin sniping exterior guards, quickly ko-ing the 2 they can see. However, the guards bonded spirit companions spot them in their hiding place and come after them- they seem to be using some sort of “eyes of the pack” magical tacnet. As a flaming hound races towards them and a large hawk divebombs them, they dig in, and get the second gun firing at the final exterior guard, as museum employees, techs, and locals on the street scatter. The merc security units can’t be far away….

The team inside gains access to the vault with no alarms, and ko’s the 2 HH guards with great haste. Toff reads one of their minds and gets the combo for the safe while Chem bypasses the biometric maglock and Love’s spirit bars the door. They the pyramidion out of the safe, and find it laced with electrum, a rare alchemical ingredient. After Toff spends some time carefully examining both the pyramid and the capstone, Love and Chem carefully position it atop the pyramid and drop it in place. Sadly, they are a little less than fully careful, and set off a lightning trap, which kills the 2 ko’ed guards, ruining their non-lethal run, and also heavily injures all 3 of them. They manage to make a quick escape with Toff sealing up the top bit of their tunnel with concrete to confuse pursuit for a time. They egress through the sewers and safely get back to NG territory.

Meanwhile, things go sideways for the team aboveground- they manage to take out the animal-form spirits, but they spotted Gethin while they were trying to escape, and the responding merc sec forces home in on them. Gethin responds by shooting down the merc’s chopper with the last smart missile, while more mercs pull up into the area in APC’s. Toast gets spotted by one of the APC’s, and the team gets in a desperate firefight, barely besting the 4 mercs, and heading for their bikes.

Fentin and Gethin manage to sneak off to the fallback point and escape on motorcycle, but Toast gets spotted by a drone on his bike, and gets the bike shot out from under him. He hides in a trash pile in the nearby alley, while the rest of the team meets up at a public park to get in the chopper, and calls in a favor with the Exchange to help Toast. A trash spirit shows up and conceals him while merc and drone patrols search the area. He passes out for awhile, and finally wakes up and manages to sneak back to the hotel and meet up with the team. They confer with Jane briefly, and she tells them that the BL has her on the run for the moment, so they will have to hold onto the Orb and the Sextant for now.

Toff volunteers to stay in the hotel room with the artifacts while the rest of the team heads to a meet with a Saeder-Krupp Johnson using the Hans Brackhaus name, after getting a referral from Simon Andrews. They hope to get some decent-paying work somewhere in the region and get out of Cape Town post haste, while Jane locates the next cache.

Secrets and Threats in the Valley of the Kings
1/22/2017, 5:04:23 PM
Runners
Christopher Toff
Senk Gethin
Sanquals Love
Toast
Fentin
Chem
Speed Tanaka

Landing in the port city of Alexandria, the team makes some local contacts, in case needed, with members of the Grey Wolves Maffiya, and calls in an Exchange favor to find a local safehouse. Toff heads for the Library immediately to link up with Barnaby “Wombat” Rudd and do some further research into the secrets they uncovered about the The Black Lodge. The rest of the team scouts out the Apep Consortium digsite at the Pyramid of Unis. They research the pyramid texts, and find hints that Unis was an early 5th age figure of great power, who seemingly tried to use blood magic to lengthen his life and gain power. He was colloquially known as “the eater of the gods.”

They think it possible that Unis was a descendant of the Theran survivors known as Heavenherds, disciples of the School of Shadows, and a powerful magical society within Theran society, who had a laboratory and citadel in the Egyptian reason late in the 4th world. Reports from the Zulu Nation in Azania suggest that a magical order within that Elven society has begun identifying themselves as Heavenherds, which makes the team curious. At the digsite, they find a heavy Russian merc presence on guard, while Apep scientists and technicians are seemingly excavating further in and around the pyramid.

Not wanting to waste time, and fearing what assassins the Black Lodge will send next (along with their ever-increasing bounty), the team decides to get in and out, quickly. After being threatened by Gwynplaine, Fentin has agreed to destroy something of cultural value while dressed in a Harlequin costume, and the team has also agreed to do some damage to the Apep site to bruise their local rep, on behalf of Saeder-Krupp Heavy Industries, their erstwhile benefactors. So, a lot of moving parts to the plan. They decide to split into 3 groups.

Group 1: Fentin and Chem, will use forged work orders, as well as a hack to break one of the digsite’s 3D printers, to gain access to the site with a work van, after adding some of their fake SIN’s as approved vendors. They will smuggle in group 2: Toast and Speed, who will infiltrate the pyramid, locate the cache (if it is there) and extract it back to the van, prepared with shielded smuggling compartments. Group 3: Love (in Harlequin costume) and Gethin (with missile launcher) will provide cover for the others to escape as needed, as well as fulfilling GP and SK’s requests to damage the site. Gethin will film Love casting spells in the costume and “leak” the video, and they will flee on a concealed motorcycle while Love makes and illusion of them headed a different way. The 3 groups will reunite at the helicopter and leave Egypt as quickly as needed, depending how the extraction goes.

The first part of the plan goes off without a hitch, and Chem and Fentin fool the onsite spider into believing they are trying to fix the problem while stalling as much as possible. Speed and Toast sneak out of their smuggling compartments and infiltrate the pyramid unnoticed, taking out 2 Russian merc’s silently on the way in. Love and Gethin set up on a nearby dune overlooking the site, and camouflage themselves. Heading further into the pyramid, they get some vid of strange carvings on a new digsite which extends below the known tomb- confirming rumors that the mummy discovered within the upper burial chamber may not have been Unis after all. These carvings seems similar to the one’s seen in Toff’s visions and also at the Inga Stone and elsewhere- older iconography from the 4th World, although these seem to be copies or imitations rather than originals.

Continuing deeper, they find 2 Apep techs discussing some sort of lethal failure, and quickly kill both after one of the techs spots them. They find a disturbing pile of body bags, containing fresh metahuman bits but not full bodies, which seem to have all been bisected by large stone teeth of some sort. They head through a hermetic seal into the next chamber, and find a small knife in a basin on the floor, with a channel leading to a large stone door carved with a sphinx. Speed squeezes one of the dead tech into the basin, and the sphinx carving “awakens,” speaking into their minds of the delicious taste of an unwilling sacrifice. It promises that if they answer its 2 riddles, it will let them pass. They get the first one right, but the sphinx tries to trick them with the second, which Toast luckily notices, and deduces the correct answer to, based on carvings on the walls of the chamber.

The sphinx, disappointed, rolls to the side, and they find a stale and pitch black chamber, which is quickly disturbed by the sound of the lid of a stone sarcophagus crashing to the floor. They find themselves in a fight with what seems to be a powerful shedim inhabiting Unis’ mummy- possibly a result of his seeking ancient magical power in his time- he may have found something he shouldn’t have, lurking in some deep place. Speed flees in fear, dishonoring herself, but Toast manages to use white phosphorous to defeat the mummy, and then torch the other corpses nearby to prevent the shedim from reinhabiting. He also secures 2 datapads from the slain techs, to review later. Speed returns, ashamed, and grabs the cache out of the tomb- unfortunately, it is open, and very obviously missing some sort of orb. Still valuable, but not complete. They flee the lower chamber, and are disturbed to find one of the dead Russian merc’s vanished- the shedim must have escaped after all!

Up top, Chem and Fentin have noticed some strange looks coming at them from the Russians, but have been unable to figure out what’s going on. Expecting some sort of extortion, they are instead surprised to find themselves under sniper attack. Fentin successfully counter-snipes while Chem, almost killed, scrambles for the van. The van is then destroyed by 2 camo’ed cybersoliders who snuck up on them and also almost take Fentin out. Love and Gethin begin their assault/distraction with fireballs and missiles, destroying the top of the ancient pyramid, and adding another layer of chaos to the situation. Chem and Fentin barely manage to fend off their assailants, and hijack and expedition jeep as Toast and Speed emerge with the cache. They flee as quickly as possible, while Love and Gethin make their getaway as planned.

They reach the chopper no problem, and link up with Toff, who got an emergency evac call at the library and came running. Frosty Jane is already airborne with the supply plane, and tells them they need to move- military planes and copters are scrambling. The trio in the jeep ditches their ride at the edge of the port and sneaks to the chopper, after which they all bail, and head to Istanbul to regroup. Jane informs them that they are all banned from Egypt, seemingly forever, and that Apep is likely after them now as well. She seems upset about the Harlequin ruse but agrees that they didn’t have much choice.

Reviewing the carvings that Speed and Toast recorded, as well as data recovered from the datapads, they discover that the missing object is likely an astral cleanser/warp inhibitor called the Bianchi Sphere, which the Apep team was seemingly after, and rumors of which has apparently lead them to reexamine the tomb in great detail an discover the hidden chambers. Reviewing the Black Lodge intel, they determine that the Zulu Heavenherds are the likely possessors of the Sphere, having possibly emigrated with it to South Africa sometime shortly after Unis’ death. He seems likely to have been infested by the shedim after interacting with some sort of cursed object from the cache. Speaking of which, the team gets their usual rewards: nuyen or cache (ha). Speed gets another blood charm, leaving Toast and Gethin as the only non-blood magic team members. Love takes and bonds with an athame, a bloodthirsty weapon focus usable in the ritual he learned from Jane to store his power.

The team prepares to head to Cape Town, Azania, having found out that their is a new Zulu Nation-backed museum opening there in a few days, after years of construction, and featuring some unannounced “surprise exhibits.”

Metropole Part 3
1/19/2017, 11:08:05 AM
Runners
Christopher Toff
Sanquals Love
Senk Gethin
Toast
Fentin
Chem
Speed Tanaka

The team heads to the port city of Georgetown, not wanting to return to Parimbo, where local authorities are apparently investigating the shootout, and catch a train to the farming hub of Fortaleza. From there, they scam some people at the government-run tourism center for the Inga Stone, and get approval for a research trip out there. They catch a tour bus out, and scope out the stone, after distracting the driver and bribing a guard spirit with Boston relics. Toff touches it, and gets an extensive vision: a 4th world civilization in what (at the time) was called Liaj, building and using the stone and other ancient sites. It seems to be of similar material to the pillars from Atlantis that the team saw in Boston. The civ was wiped out by the coming of the horrors, who were aided by a corrupted feathered serpent traitor in the civ’s midst. Apparently their attempts at building kaer’s were either also sabotaged from within or they were provided bad designs by the Therans. Their emissaries had given the Therans some of their blood magic secrets in exchange. Toast wonders why the Therans might betray their nominal allies….

They head out as this site has no major magical energy, and doesn’t seem like a likely focal point for the Logos ritual. They head back to Metropole to make plans to get to Iguaza Falls- the last possible site. They get a blimp from Pedrinho, already ruthenium cloaked, and also buy another emergency-deploy secondary blimp. They head out towards the falls after doing some research on their strange properties, and also learning about the radical environmentalist dragon Boiuna rumored to lair there. They make good time over the jungle, avoiding the various flora and fauna that try to attack them.

Landing upriver, they notice some strong magical activity at the base of the falls, and get a little astral info that there are some guards in old ruined tourist buildings at the top. They sneak up through the edge of the jungle, but are attacked by toxic spirits. After fighting them off, they are ambushed by 4 toxic Logos mages, who they also kill after taking some heavy damage. They get up to the top of the falls, and finding no more guards, begin surveillance.

The area below the falls is dotted with islands, on the largest/most central of which is a large barn-like structure. There are also some smaller buildings on some adjacent islands. Toff starts doing astral surveillance, but seeing that there are over a dozen medium to high-powered mages down there, Love decides to take the initiative and attack before they’re spotted, and launches a massive fireball at the barn. Unfortunately, this cracks the containment shield on the homemade nuke that Logos was working on that the team hadn’t noticed yet, and sets it off.

The nuke wipes out all the Logos members except one on one of the adjacent islands, flattens the barn and other structures, and almost kills the entire team, with the successive concussion, flame, and radiation waves that waft over them. The surviving mage manages to send off a watcher spirit before Gethin shoots him, and Toff goes astral to track the spirit while Chem tries to stabilize everyone else. Toff tracks the spirit to a site of some magical power, concealed deep in the jungle, and manifests. He sees a ruined 4th world city that looks like the remains of the city of the Righteous Province that he saw in his vision at the Rego Grande.

He flees, fearing detection, and returns in time to help keep the party alive. Also, Gethin has spotted a restrained dragon that was previously buried under an earthen berm, and Chem takes the blimp down to try to rescue it, although it’s harder to fly after the EMP blast. Chem determines that it looks like the Logos cult was planning to sacrifice the dragon and drop the nuke into the chasm that the falls are scoring into the earth below, presumably setting off some sort of large-scale catastrophe. With Toff’s material shaping assistance, Chem uses explosives to free the dragon and destroy the corrupting statue that seems to be magically binding it, and then flees as he passes out from radiation damage (luckily Chicago prepared him a bit).

They manage to limp back to Pedrinho’s mansion, and get healed up as he repairs the blimp, to send them out after this Righteous Province group, and complete the mission. They decide to tackle the digital mousetrap job while healing a bit more, and some of the team takes advantage of the cheap meditech here to get some major ‘ware upgrades. Fentin has been doing some research and found a low-grade local Renraku Computer Systems subsid to find a backdoor portal into their foundation, and hacks his way in, getting a perma-mark on the portal and anchoring the paradigm as a 90’s Japanese zombie apocalypse.

They decide to base out of Open Sourcerers turf and pay them for protection. They notice that some of their cybered-up child guards are wearing amulets and medallions to St Macrina, the same obscure saint that the Quantumists venerate. Before they go in, a strange module is delivered, and they are told by the child who drops it off that they are supposed to take it with them. Fentin scans it and finds that it seems to be an openable file of some sort, but can’t get much info. A pulsing “X” on the package exterior suggests it could be from the Exchange? Love opens it and volunteers to “carry” it in. He tries to open the wrapped present box that shows up in his home node, but there’s just another box inside, which has a tag that says “drop me in the null node.” They all slip into their trode nets or plug into their sim modules, and get ready to dive.

He hitchhikes the team in, and they begin trying to get the lay of the land. They spot a fortified government building of some sort in the distance, and decide to make for that, hoping it is the master control node. The team all uses their knowledge skills to pick appropriate appearances and Fentin adjusts them to match the paradigm (Love is a sort of anime girl, Fentin and Toast are urban survialists, Chem is a prepper, and Toff is a supersolider). They sneak and fight their way through the streets, communicating via walkie talkies to fit the paradigm, and reach the command post. They observe a vidgame-style puzzle, and manage to electrocute a huge zombie herd, gaining access to the government building, and the thanks of the survivors therein. They agree to try to retrieve a “cure” from a nearby downed chopper in exchange for access to the maps in the building (which should tell them where and what the nodes and data trails in here are).

They find the chopper, and get into an entirely predictable boss fight. They once again figure out the puzzle, and defeat the boss, which has a sad look of intelligence in it’s eyes. They grab the cure and hoof it back to the command post, where they make the deal & get the map. The node mapping all seems pretty obvious (a library, construction site, etc), and the data trails are sewer tunnels. Fentin manages to edit the paradigm to clearly mark where the AI “mousetraps” are based, in order to destroy them. They also find some prisoners in the basement, but unsure of their nature (trapped AI’s?), and not wanting to cause a variance, they leave them be. They head out, and reach the construction site. Love and Chem cause a distraction by turning on equipment, while Fentin sneaks to the foreman’s trailer, kills a zombie inside, and uses the plans therein to re-sculpt the paradigm a little to make the mousetraps foreign objects- the team is very disturbed to see how quickly everything turns against them after this.

Feeling good about the main job, they decide to fulfill their side-jobs. Love, Chem and Toast head for the null node to drop off the mysterious package, and Toff and Fentin head for the archive to try to steal some paydata. The null node run goes pretty well, in that they drop it in with no trouble, but they have trouble leaving- as advertised the node seems to suck the very life energy out of them. Love almost falls in and uses an anime trick to escape, which sets off a variance. Toast and Chem flee to the portal in the morgue, and Love struggles to keep up as the world turns against him. Fearing the worst, Chem convinces Toast to exit, and manages to help Love reach the exit. Chem stays to make sure the rest of the team makes it.

Toff and Fentin get in a fight with a zombie gator, which they once again figure out a puzzle to defeat, and which once again has sad, intelligent eyes: Fentin thinks these may be more trapped AI’s? Regardless, they make their way above ground and spot a trashed library, overrun with zombie birds and dogs. Fentin sneaks in while Toff keeps an eye out, but unfortunately gets attacked by dogs and badly bitten. Unsure of what a zombie bite will do here, they decide to flee, and Toff provides cover fire while Fentin retreats to the sewer. They reach the portal with no trouble and all exit. Task complete! Surprisingly, when they awaken, they find themselves all holding matte black commlinks marked with a red X, and after booting them and setting up security, all receive an invite to join the Exchange. They do, with some caution, not sure which faction has approached them. They try to reach Ut-Napishtim to confirm but are unable.

After training a bit and restocking supplies, they team heads out via blimp once more, heading for the area they believe the Righteous Province to be holed up in, based on their research. They also read up on their supposed powers, and their creation and use of strange homunculi known as invunche. After refueling in Manaus, and bribing port authorities after calling in an Exchange favor, they head out and travel a few days to the deep, deep jungle. Using assensing and blimp sensors, they manage to triangulate in, and follow a river towards the site. They set down a ways out, and sneak up on foot. Surveilling the area, with the cloaked blimp overhead providing a tactical view, they see that the ruined city has been cleared of jungle a bit, and seeded with sangre del diablo trees. They also see some of the invunche moving around.

Using spellcraft and careful movement, they sneak from ruined structure to ruined structure, approaching the river crossing to the cliff-face settlement that seems to be where the RP is based. They cross the river undetected, and use a recording of one of the shaman’s calls to lure some invunche out. They slay them in a surprise attack, and breach the cave entrances. They make their way in, following some creepy chanting, and are almost surprised by an ambush as the rest of the invunche and half of the mages attack. Fentin is nearly killed by an invunche’s blow (they seem to be magically boosted), but they manage to kill them all and ko one to question later.

Toff stays behind to fend off a wave of spirits in astral space, as the rest of the team approaches the chanting. They find 5 powerful brujo’s arranged in a pentagram, with reagents and ritual objects aplenty. Gethin destroys their protective magical dome as they hurry to complete (or pause?) their ritual. Chem decides enough of this after seeing the black, crackling orb hovering in the center of the circle, and lobs a grenade in. The brujo’s scatter, but the explosion destroys the circle, which cause the sphere to lance out negative energy at everything living in the room and then implode inward, sucking the dwarven ritual leader in with it. Everyone takes some damage, but the Brujo’s bear the brunt of it, and the team is able to mow them down without taking much further damage themselves. They once again ko one to question.

After healing a bit, Toff mind probes the 2 ko’d prisoners before Speed decapitates them, to finish the job. They find out that RP had been given shelter by Aztechnology after being banished from Amazonia for their extremity, shortly after the founding. They were also then involved with establishing the Apep Consortium after being chased out of AZT by Dunkelzahn and some others. However, they still have some allies there, deep within the corp, and have been receiving aid in returning to Amazonia to end life and sow discord after the recent war. Apparently their power in Apep has somewhat eroded during Apep’s recent acquisition by MCT. The RP apparently follows a leader known as The Smoking Mirror, which is the same name that Toff heard used to refer to the corrupted traitor dragon from the 4th World. SM is apparently somewhere in AZT territory, but not clear exactly where. They also get the name of the DISA agents who are assisting RP in their activities.

The team tightbeams all this info to Frosty Jane, in case they don’t make it out, and gives Pedrinho the info about the traitors within DISA. They blimp back to Metropole, jury-rigging a system so that they don’t have to stop at Manaus and recharge, feeling worried about potential trouble there. They return Pedrinho’s blimp, and get healed up and purchase some new implants and trains some tactics and skills as they review the data from the Quantumists, who live up to their name as the world’s best crackers. They also receive a mystery payment for their services, and after doing some digging, determine that Wuxing Inc paid them, and has made some gains in accessing shipping around Amazonia due to DMAIC approval, so apparently Pedrinho’s plan worked. Also this suggests that Wuxing is either the employer or corporate sponsor of the Q-mists, which is interesting, to say the least. Based on the obscure imagery of Catholic saints observed in the QM truck and amongst the child cyber-soliders at the dump, the team also thinks they may be affiliated with the singularity-seeking extremist group Ta Makrinia.

They decide to deal with The Pupper Master Killer before leaving, just to get him off their backs. They set a trap to try to lure a puppet out, hoping Fentin can backtrack it. Toast buys an attack chopper, using the rest of his Boston money, and Chem gets a rocket launcher. They spring the trap, and manage to trace some encrypted communications to an apartment building in Rio. Speed pilots over there, before having second thoughts about possible collateral damage from the explosion. She tries to bank away at the last minute but Gethin fires anyway, and the guidance system Chem added to the missile sees it home, destroying a large section of the building.

The puppet also detonates, causing a mass casualty incident in the populated area they sprung their trap. The team flees on foot. The chopper crew lights up the target apartment with HMG fire, just to make sure, as Speed ejects from the chopper, not wanting any part of these unprofessional antics. They flee and swap spoof chips as government attack choppers are inbound. Regrouping at the safehouse, they check in with Neutral Ground and find that the bounty has been raised again, but that the PMK is no longer on the contract. Fentin gets video footage from the apartment of a man using a secret exit to try to escape, but still being incinerated, so they figure they got him. However, Toast receives a message from someone saying “Well Played” and signed “PMK”, so either he’s messing with them from beyond the grave, or the man they killed was merely another puppet… Regardless, he’s off their case, so good enough for now!

Checking in with Jane, she confirms that post-chal’han, she wishes to retain their services for another job, dealing with the horror threat posed by the RP affiliates within Apep and/or AZT. She also encourages Speed to stay with the team as a leveling influence, and plays up the bushido thing real hard. Speed is flattered. Reviewing the Qm’s info, they find a ton of data about potential 4th world scourge survivor sites, suggesting that there is likely a cache in or near the Pyramid of Unis in Egypt, where Apep has a digsite active. The Black Lodge seems frustrated that Apep got there first, but says they have some agents on location to keep an eye out. The team also finds out that it is the BL who are trying to kill them, and that the BL are very interested in the cache hunt, and get a list of possible future assassins.

They also get a ton of data about the BL, including structure/organization, membership restrictions, and their involvement in tons of different conspiracies throughout history. They are apparently behind the Masons, Templars, and Illuminati as well as other groups, and are implicated in numerous assassinations, plots, and coups. They are also directly responsible for setting Hestaby and Lofwyr against each other during the dragon war, so the team decides to sell this data to Lof/ Saeder-Krupp, which Jane approves. They call Simon Andrews, who flirts with Gethin quite a bit, and bonds with Toast. He gets them a sizable amount of money for the data, and thanks for their continued choice to go with SK. He also throws in a bunch of free chopper upgrades.

Love also swaps his whole arm for a cyberarm, to get rid of Gwynplaine’s mark as well as limit his power further, feeling stressed about another occasion on which he almost killed his friends. He also then makes a further pact with his spirit, as his spirit is pissed about his diminished power, to allow his to access his spirit’s magic in exchange for his luck.

Next up, off to Egypt!

Metropole Continued
1/12/2017, 2:26:01 PM
Runners
Christopher Toff
Sanquals Love
Senk Gethin
Toast
Fentin
Chem

The team decides to deal with the Vigilia Evangelica’s task first, and sneaks and/or bribes their way through a hillside favela to reach the Disciples of Christ the Redeemer camp, outside of the burned ring around the statue itself. Their approach goes fine, except for Love, who tries to impress and intimidate everyone with his slowly levitating broom, and Toast, who gets spotted by a kid and chased by gangers after tackling the spotter.They all reach their destination eventually, and are introduced to a man named Doutor Leonildo, an elderly troll (and serious mage) who seems to be the head of the order. After witnessing a sermon that seems sort of pan-Christian, they approach him under the guise of healing Chem, who still has major damage to his face from his imprisonment and torture in Bug City. Amazingly, Leonildo manages to smooth and repair some of the melted flesh on his lower face, leaving him a waxy, doll-like appearance, which is (upsettingly) a major improvement.

Everyone is impressed, but the spell he used has tinges of blood magic, which Toff and Love assense, and Fentin is able to taste with his symbiote tongue. Fentin confirms that the same aura lingers around many areas of the camp. Toff engages Leonildo in a lengthy theological discussion, eventually confirming that these people consider themselves followers of the “true” god, who has been tricked or imprisoned away from his power by the god that many Christians mistakenly see as real. So classic Gnostic christianity, except that they seem to have gone a bit further down the path to left-hand path style satanism. However, they are actually healing people, and do seem to be the only ones able to approach the statue (wreathed in crackling purple lightning) unharmed. Toast confirms this after getting lightly crisped by a lightning bolt after he ignores their warnings and tries to approach the statue.

Leonildo confirms that some do die under their care, and that many false believers who try to initiate with them are judged harshly by the statue, but will not openly admit to any more than that. Toff gets a read on some altars and objects around camp and confirms that some blood rituals have been done here, so they hope that satisfies the Catholics. They head back down through the favela, this time all paying a guide, Jaoa, who gives them an intro lesson in Quimbanda, the local religion/tradition of the downtrodden and criminal underclasses. He also explains malandragem: the attitude and way of being that people cultivate to seem tough and gain respect. They also hear tell that all the crime in and around the favelas is run by a group called The Tribunal, but that they are very secretive. Fentin offers his hacking skills on loan in order to try to get in good, and maybe leverage to get an audience if they need to run in the favelas again.

They report to the V.E., who seem satisfied with their intel, and say they will be able to get approval from an Sanction now, allowing them to take more direct action. They don’t seem to care that the Disciples seem to also be doing good work (for the most part), as they view their heresy, combined with the lessening religious belief of many in the 6th World, as a grave threat. They tell the team that so long as the team doesn’t directly interfere with the Church in Amazonia, they will not interfere with the team. One faction off their back at least!

Next up, they plot to raid the cool hunter firm, Looky Looky. Back at the Damon’s Runner Crash Pad, they find that Jack has decided he will tag along on this job, as per their agreement, and already done a bunch of recon. They confirm what he’s found, and make a plan- Gethin will get a Portugese linguasoft to make use of their con skill, and accompany Fentin into the building itself, ambushing and knocking out some night cleaners and stealing their uniforms and RFID ID’s. They forge images of themselves to apply to the ID’s when they swap outfits. They will gain access to the offline server, and get the job done. Meanwhile, to make sure no-one at the firm clues in if anything goes wrong, Toast and Jack will stage a break-in at the penthouse directly above the firm, stealing some valuables, ko-ing any residents, and setting off an alarm as they exit (once the hacking team is done) to give an obvious explanation to any odd activity that the building’s spider or other security might eventually pick up on.

The plan starts off well- Fentin gets Toast added to the penthouse’s “approved visitor” log, which gets him to the door, after which he breaks in, lets in Jack, and ko’s (after briefly toying with- thanks Cat!) a SURGEd joygirl and her Renraku-looking client. They start grabbing various items, which Fentin tags for them as unlikely to have individual alarms. Love and Chem wait in the rented van nearby, doing astral and physical overwatch. Gethin and Fentin get in fine, dose the cleaners with Laes, and get into the clothes. Unfortunately, the cleaners had their kid with them and she screams unexpectedly before they ko her too, alerting a nearby lawyer working late. He pokes his head out of his office, and Fentin and Gethin try to con him back inside, which does eventually work, mostly due to Fentin accidentally venting his bio-waste storage, and the lawyer not wanting to continue smelling that.

This turns out to be a great tool to bluff with, as Fentin’s “illness” is both a cover for why he doesn’t talk, and why the regular cleaners aren’t there- Gethin tells everyone it’s been going around, so people mostly let them pass and keep their distance.They make their way through a few floors of the super hip firm, cleaning as they go, before they find the secure meeting room with the server inside. Gethin takes watch, while Fentin loops some nearby cameras, pops the lock on the door, and swaps the data on the server, just barely avoiding any alarms. He also, being clever, gets the firm’s client list, some paydata he can sell to Mr. Bonds on who’s going to be having a bad season. Fentin hopes this will get him an invite to Brokerage X (which it does!).

They exfiltrate successfully, removing camera loops as they go, and leave some money on certified credsticks for the cleaners. They signal Toast that they are out. Meanwhile, Love has been using illusions, based on a detailed image of the Renraku guy that Toast sent, to distract a driver and bodyguard who showed up to get him. They are getting impatient and starting to disbelieve, however, so it’s time to go- he also signals Toast. Toast and Jack bust open the window, triggering the alarm, and Toast jumps out while firing his grappling hook, while Jack bids farewell, and climbs higher, before smashing into the top penthouse window. The team hears a terrified wail that is abruptly cut off, and then nothing. Toast misjudges his jump distance slightly, and slams into the ground at the bottom of his swing, but isn’t hurt. They hop in the van and skedaddle as sirens sound off nearby.

They ditch the van (and all the stolen goods, except a fancy watch that Toast keeps) in the a nearby favela and send out a wideband message saying “free stuff here”, figuring that the locals will handily disperse everything and muddy up any genetic traces left behind. They split up and take public transit back to the safehouse, a job well done. Watching the news the next day, they see a report of a “terrorist attack” in downtown Leblon, and hear reports that a Renraku executive was killed (not the man Toast ko’ed). It seems like the penthouses may have been a sort of high-end specialty brothel that Renraku either owned or encouraged it’s employees to use, though this doesn’t come out in the news. They pass the data along to the Open Sourcerers, and Bartolomeu Fujimoto tells them that they should make sure they have enough motorcyles for everyone on the team, as their request to meet the Quantumists has been approved. They also get them team some cracked access to some useful intel subscription services, and Fentin and Toast sign up for a few.

The team purchases some bikes, and trains up on them a bit. Toast, Chem and Gethin are driving bikes, with Love and Fentin riding, and Toff on his own gyro-stabilized monowheel. They race off along the highways, southwest through centro to the Sao Paulo side, where the geotag for the meet is. They find a large cargo truck cruising along in the right lane, and get a signal to pull up close and stay ready. As they go under an overpass, they find themselves suddenly boxed in by auto-haulers, and the back of the cargo truck opens- they see a balding man with a long skullet and a thrash-metal shirt hauling the gate up, who then kicks down a ramp, which drags behind the truck, sparking on the highway. He signals them to drive up, and motions for them to hurry. They all get aboard, and he slam the gate shut just as they clear the overpass. He sits back down by the back, cradling a shotgun as the team stows their bikes. They try to talk to him a little but get no response, though Fentin recognizes him (using the new intel subscription) as a wanted fugitive from Europe, who has been active on the AI-rights extreme fringe for years.

A very fashionable woman, all in white, accompanied by a holodrone showing an image of a spinning wooden cup partially filled with liquid, emerge from the front half of the cargo box, through what looks to be a vault door built into a faraday cage bunker. They usher the team in, although they insist Love destroy his commlink, as they say he is being tracked. The team goes along with it, not having much choice. The woman calls the cab and say to take “route B” as they may have been compromised. She introduces herself as Angelhair, and her colleague (the drone) as Holy Grail and asks to see what they’ve brought for decryption. The team passes over the data, and makes some small talk while looking around.

Toff notices an altar to Saint Macrina the Younger, an obscure Catholic saint who believed that automata proved the existence of God. He inquires about the altar, and AH says that some members of their Order view it more literally and some more metaphorically, but that their goal is to Merge and Ascend, making their own God- the singularity. She refers to this as the “Great Work”. She says they will crack the code that the team has provided, but that it may take time. They will also need to the team to perform some services for them, as they don’t really need money or anything else the team can offer more directly. They have 2 tasks: the first is to make contact with the local peacemaker dragon named Pedrinho, and do as he asks. They say this will hopefully ensure a good relationship with the state, and allow for the Quantumists physical security. Second, they need the team to do a foundation dive locally, and shut down some mousetraps, digital glue traps designed to ensnare AI’s and e-life. They believe Renraku is the prime local culprit, and suggest starting there. This will ensure the matrix is safe for the Quantumists here. This all gives the impression that the QM’s are newly arrived, which they confirm, and that they hope to make this a longer-term base.

The team also notices that, although a lot of their tech is modded or homebuilt, the bulk of the environmental systems and such is all Wuxing manufacture. They race down the ramp again out the back of the truck in a long tunnel near some old water culverts, and cruise back to Rio. Gethin finally invests in some cyber upgrades, and gets a little faster as well as getting a skilljack. They head to Pedrinho’s lair, the Inner Garden, and find a beautiful and well-appointed dwelling. They meet with the dragon, or someone who they think is him at least, and have some delicious drinks while he briefs them on the task at hand. He needs them to root out some corrupted elements within DISA, the feared state security apparatus. He was leaked some intel by members of DMAIC, the state economic/environmental/etc agency, who want him to act against their rival organization. He seems slightly weary of the infighting and politics of it all, but says they he agreed to do it, since the traitors in DISA are actually up to something dangerous: supporting members of Logos in gaining access to a powerful ritual site. He doesn’t exactly where or when, but has some suggestions for the team to check.

He also hints that if they succeed, DMAIC has the power to make things very easy for whatever corp or other entity is backing the QM’s. The team agrees, and gets Frosty Jane to fly them to the Northern freeport of Parimbo, where they can base out of while exploring 2 of the ritual site options: the Rego Grande (aka Amazonian Stonehenge) and the Inga Stone. They do some research, and hear that the RG site is rumored to be able to absorb massive amounts of drain, so they decide to investigate there first. They also hear there is a large military presence. Love buys a new commlink and decides to upgrade his fake SIN while in town, to make their forged papers as visiting scholars and guards more believable. They find some yakuza running the local SINdicate, and hire them to get to work. Toff and Love hang out with the coders, a bunch of teenagers in a dingy backroom, while Fentin stands watch. Chem, Gethin and Toast head for a nearby bar, having heard that not only does Parimbo smuggle a ton of arms, they also smuggle rum!

Fentin watches as some Vory toughs size him up, and tries out his newly learned intimidating stare as one strides over. However, the man walks right past him and into the yakuza den, where he opens fire with a cyber-smg, aiming for Love and Toff but racking up considerable collateral damage. Toff manages to bind him with an illusion, but the man swiftly explodes, killing most of the coders in the room. The team makes a swift exit from town as the Yak and Vory start shooting at each other, and some of the local merc’s and roustabouts join in. Toast checks Neutral Ground and finds that their bounties are still active, and also that a few Ro’s have been killed. Fentin realizes that since Love was getting a high quality fake SIN, and needed it quick, they were likely making a ton of social media history and such in his biometrics all in one place- the kind of activity that if someone (with access) was looking for could point them right to Love’s location. The Pupper Master Killer strikes again!

They get back to the airfield outside of town, and manage to convince some military people to allow them to ride along in a convoy out the RG site, using their forged doc’s. After jouncing along bad roads for most of day, stopping frequently to cut and burn back vegetation, they reach the site, and camp for the night, bribing the quartermaster for some supplies. They are impressed by the scale of the place, and the large military presence guarding it. Love summons a spirit which detects traces of Logos nearby- they seemingly also were/are investigating the site, but don’t have a sizeable presence, and it looks like the military is ramping up. The obelisks themselves have all twisted towards each other, and gotten quite sharp, as the team finds out when they touch them. Toff gets some info as well- this site seems to have been built by descendants of the 4th world’s human societies, similar to the druids in England.

However, this site (as well as the Inga Stone, and the 3rd site, Iguaza Falls) were all used by Hualpa and the other founders of the state to regrow the jungle, rapidly, in a powerful ritual. A group called the Righteous Province took part in this, and were the keepers of this place until they had some sort of falling out with Hualpa, and were forcibly removed. The team decides that the ritual likely won’t occur here, and based on chatter on Jackpoint and elsewhere, they think the Falls are the likeliest bet. They debate whether to check out the Stone while they’re nearby or not- Toff got the vibe that the stone predated humans in this place, and is very curious.

disciples of CR = circumspece?/brotherhood of flesh

Copywrong in the Sun
12/20/2016, 9:26:55 PM
Runners
Christopher Toff
Sanquals Love
Senk Gethin
Toast
Fentin
Chem
Speed Tanaka

The team, waiting to hear from Toast about his test, heal up and train some new skills in the impressive facilities at The Continental in London. Frosty Jane confers with Toff and Love after the team all has some strange dreams, and suggests that they may have some lingering effects from their contact with the corrupted librarian. They also compare dreams, and consult spirits and discover that Dunkelzahn seems to have used his death/sacrifice to not only delay the coming of the Horrors in a ritual way, but also to permanently power a cyberzombie (made with Aztechnology gear from the 2050’s) that literally stands astride the great astral bridge, guarding the realms of metahumanity. However, this figure is being worn down by constant attacks, and Jane says that her intel from the Seer’s Guild suggests that some big bad is coming- she tells Love and Toff to cautiously feel out the rest of the team and try to put together a real pro squad seriously devoted to dealing with this, after they finish the chal’han. Love and Toff agree, hoping any Atlantis tech they find might help them.

Fentin tinkers with his deck a bit, and gets healed of the hydra’s pestilence by Agatha Hawthorne. She also bonds with Toff a bit while helping him with predictive rituals, and they discover that the dragon known as Moleskin is indeed the figure dwelling beneath the Vatican, and likely helped invent and spread many of the monotheistic religions that populate the world, due to his 4th World era fixation on a “Prime Passion”- essentially the one true deity/source of magic. This blows Toff’s mind, alongside his other recent revelations, and he continues reformatting his belief system, as well as girding himself to learn some relatively benign blood magic from Jane to help the cause.

The team travels to Metropole, getting an in-flight briefing on the city, and getting a personal update from Tanaka, who headed there early to scout it out and do some side jobs. They reserve the Damon’s Runner Crash Pad in town for their stay, and find it cushy, well-situated, secure, and well-appointed. They clear entrance exams with only some small hacking and bribery needed. It seems the nations security force, the DISA, are still very much on edge after the recently lost war to Aztlan. The team rests up at the safehouse, and Jack says he will let them know once he finds his task here. They also contact Kristine Martin aka KAM, who seems disposed to help them given that the team has seriously put her nemesis (and ex) Thomas Roxborough on his back foot (metaphorically ha) due to their continued attacks on Gilgamesh Initiative facilities. She gives them some good intel.

Jane and Barnaby “Wombat” Rudd have put together an extensive list of Black Lodge intel that needs to get cracked, pulled from global databases, the deep reaches of the matrix, the resonance realms, and the new Library of Alexandria and the private holdings of Shwartzkopf. With this intel, they hope to get ahead of the BL, who seem to have taken a distinct interest in this chal’han, as well as manage to get some clues into future cache locations from both the BL intel and the previous cache contents. However, to do this, the team will need to make contact with a super-secret copywrong gang known as the Quantumists. Jane hasn’t had any luck contacting them remotely, as they are deep underground, due to their decryption abilities making them major corp targets.

The team reads up on some good local spots to make shadow contacts, and splits into a few groups to gather intel. Love hangs at the pad to astrally scout the city, and catches up with Tanaka once she shows up. Gethin, Toff, and Fentin head to a magic bar called Loveless to scope the scene, and Chem tinkers with the van provided at the pad, as well as cleaning and tuning up everyone’s gear, and getting a delivery of new magnetic grenades from the Ex-Corporate Scientists lab. Love is overwhlemed by the density of astral info, but finds some hints of powerful locations out of the city, as well as some major sites of interest in town. At Loveless, they find that the price to get in is the loss of someone or something you love- an object, memory, person, etc. Gethin refuses and goes to more tourist-y bar nearby.

Fentin and Toff enter, and see that a spirit of man seems to absorbing energy from the losses at the door to somehow reshape the astral energy of the bar. They both become a bit intoxicated on it. Toff ends up getting a few possible jobs/meeting 2 fixers, but mostly flirting and eventually hooking up with an interested fellow-attendee. Fentin gets the name of a local fixer who can hook them up with some crackers, and pays for an intro. Gethin heads to another bar to meet that guy, Arturo Gilberto. Fentin then downs a drink that someone buys him without checking who it was- too bad it was Gwynplaine! Luckily the drug in the drink is a non-fatal paralytic, so Fentin has an unpleasant experience being threatened while he can’t move, and GP is making him undetectable to others at the bar.

Fentin agrees to GP’s initial offer- he will approach his team about messing with Harlequin more directly, as well as doing his best to win the chal’han, to make Harly lose face. GP says he will check back in in a day. Toff finally comes to Fentin’s rescue, and finds that GP has marked Fentin as well. Love, upon hearing this, begins to consider getting a cyber-arm to try to remove his GP mark. Meanwhile, Gethin gets a successful meet with Gilberto, after seeing the goblin rigger Cao leaving a his booth at the Tanqua Lounge. Gilberto puts Gethin in touch with a local gang called the Open Sourcerers, who he says are the best game in town, as far as he knows. They operate from bases in major trash dumps on the Sao Paulo and Rio sides. Gethin heads out the front door, and is nearly killed by a suicide bomber who homes in on her.

Toff and Fentin race over and rescue Gethin, getting them stabilized and out of the area. This seems like a CFD incident at first, but Toff finds no trace, and thinks it must have been a Manchurian candidate sleeper agent, based on Gethin’s trid footage. They do some research and calling around, and find out that their is a man, Dr. Gunter Von Bach, who is wanted by Interpol and known as the “Puppet Master Killer.” Simon Andrews gives them a bunch of info that Saeder-Krupp amassed on Von Back in exchange for the team agreeing to either kill him or pass along any info they find about him to Andrews. They hear some rumors that he may be in Metropole, if still alive, but have no idea what he looks like now, or where he might be.

Love contacts GP by channelling mana into his mark, and the team tells GP that they will accept his terms- they will interfere with Harly’s standing as much as they can within the bounds of the chal’han, and GP won’t interfere with them further. He seems satisfied, for now, and interestingly is either unwilling or unable to cross the boundary of the crash pad. The team meets the Open Sourcerers in the Rio-side dump, and finds that they have a hidden lair made of crushed car walls/ceilings built out under huge piles of waste. They pass along a fragment of the Voynich script for them to crack, as a test, but they are unable to after the first day. The OS’s ask for a larger sample size, but the team is leery, and tries to feel out how to contact the Quantumists. Unfortunately, they bungle the etiquette, and the OS’s rank and file (who are a bunch of impressively cybered-up street kids and recicladoras) all pull out a variety of arms. As the team is all in light armor to avoid fatigue from the heat and humidity, they don’t wanna get in a fight, though Love almost kicks it off. They manage to make some entreaties to check their rep, and namedrop Jane as their employer. The OS’s eventually agree to pass along a message, if such a group as the Quantumists even exists, in exchange for a job.

They want the team to break into a local “cool hunter’s” office, steal the upcoming season’s plans, and replace them with subtly altered variants (which the OS’ provide a template for), in order to hinder the firm’s clients, and let the OS’ make some bank selling the true plans. The team agrees, and heads back to the pad to start planning. Jack tells them that this run will suit him as well- he will accompany the team, and they will pay off their debt to him. They agree. Toff also is contacted by the Vigilia Evangelica after making some quiet inquiries, and offered a job. If they agree to investigate the strange cult that has sprung up around the Christ the Redeemer statue, as well as the odd astral energies there, the VE may be willing to not obstruct the team in this heavily Catholic sprawl. They seem to respect Toff, and they have a decent talk, and agree to try to at least not directly harm each other if possible, though they may still have some conflicting goals.

Cache 2 - Across the Channel and Back Underground
12/13/2016, 1:35:15 PM
Runners
Christopher Toff
Sanquals Love
Senk Gethin
Toast
Fentin
Chem

The team, newly arrived in London checks in at The Continental and then splits up to do recon. Fentin heads to a matrix cafe to do some networking, Toast networks at the hotel, Chem and Love look into any local opposition, Toff links up with Agatha Hawthorne to get tuned into the magic scene an gain access to a ritual space, and Gethin goes to make inquiries amongst the cities downtrodden. They know they are seeking something old, so likely something deep underground, as London is a city of layers. Also Toff has had a vision of some survivors of 4th World human civilizations settling here after the exodus caused by the sinking of Atlantis, so they decide to look into any underground-dwelling urban druids, and see what pops up.

Chem and Love find out that some Atlantean Foundation types have been seen around town, carefully examining various old objects/places of significance and works of art. They look into some of them, but don’t find any obvious leads. But they now know the other team is onto London as a cache location, so they have to hurry a bit. Love also does some astral recon, after having a strange dream seemingly provided by his mentor spirit Wolf. He confers with Barnaby “Wombat” Rudd, and determines that the center of his vision was the London Stone, which he visits and examines carefully. It is a piece of a larger stone (as well as seemingly the stone from which Arthur pulled his sword), and is crux point on a number of leylines, as well as a key component to London’s sacred geometry. He feels strongly that the rest of the stone, wherever it lays somewhere below, may be a key to finding the cache. He also, after spotting some people tailing him, receives a note with a commcode. He calls the number and receives a cryptic offer of assistance and knowledge in exchange for a first look at anything they uncover, and also suggestions that he look into what his current employers really intend to do with the info and relics themselves. He says he’ll think on it, and is told that “they’ll be watching.”

Gethin hears tell of an area deep underground, past the ghouls, where rumors of some sort of ancient cult with strange rituals and statues reside. Gethin hears that a woman named Veda has long been a high-paying collector if relics and info from the deep underground. Doing some digging, they find that Veda is head of an organization called The Travellers, who collect relics, artifacts, ancient tomes, paracritters, and odd bits of info for the great dragon Shwartkopf, who lairs in Prague. They also hear that some out of town Catholics have been asking around as well- so looks like the Vigilia Evangelica are here as well. Fentin finds a skilled and runner-friendly urban explorer/guide named Chudwick to hire to take them safely through the underground’s various perils.Toast finds out about local contracts, getting a feel for the political and social scene, and is also approached by a man named Tibor Dobos, who the team believes represents The Black Lodge. Frosty Jane tells them that they are UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCE to cooperate with BL- she fears greatly what they would do with the knowledge the team is acquiring. This also gets Love thinking that this is who contacted him, which he warns the team about. Fentin scans Love’s ’link, but finds no obvious bugs.

Toff gets the lowdown fro Hawthorne, confirming rumors of secretive urban druids dwelling deep, deep underground, who worship the ancient waterways that London was built atop. He also sets up a ritual circle to do some foretelling, and gains some insite: they will meet the druids, and be able to peacefully negotiate with them, so long as they carry the Piri Reis Map. However, violence will also be needed, but it doesn’t seems to be targeted at or originating from the druids. As he comes back from the vision, he feels a rope suddenly slip around his throat, and is pulled backwards by a slight, wiry man throttling him. The rest of the team is attacked simultaneously, either with rope, or with a terrible poison from a one-use dartgun concealed in a flask, followed by rope. Only Gethin sees their attacker coming, and entirely avoids injury. They all manage to dispatch their assailants (Toast, Love and Chem with the assistance of concealed gun turrets at the Continental, seemingly instructed to prevent violence against guests at all costs), and some have to pay a sizable fee to Hawthorne to magically extract the awakened necrotic poison.

After some conferring, they determine that their attackers were all members of the Thuggee Cult, a fabled order of assassins based in India. This explains their fanaticism and refusal to retreat, but not who sent them. All were wearing printed paper clothes, and had a single small denomination credstick (just enough for train fair across the Chunnel and back as well as a replacement paper suit). Toast checks Neutral Ground again, and finds that someone has taken a contract out on their whole team. They decide to get to the druids ASAP, before anything else goes wrong, and quickly rest up in the hotel before heading underground. Jane gets them the Piri Reis map, with a manacase and instructions to be exceedingly careful. They also notice that one corner of the map is missing- so maybe the ATL Foundation has a piece as well?

Chudwick, a sports-bro ghoul poser who quickly aggravates everyone, handily guides them past the various security presences in the Underplex and into an entrance to the true underground. They bypass a variety of small camps of destitute and downtrodden, as well as some boobytrapped areas and pitfalls that Chudwick warns them away from. They get past a ghoul community with a minimum of threats, and Chudwick says he stays on their good side by informing the ghouls of the location of injured/dead would-be explorers who stumble into some trouble. He gets them to quiet down as they sneak through mafia-controlled turf, confirming rumors they had heard that the syndicate is trying to establish a foothold in the underground after losing a lot of turf in the ongoing re-opening of the Lambeth Containment Zone, after some former team members exposed some of the truth of that situation to Rhiannon Glendower.

They make their way down a series of more and more ancient tunnels and waterways, all in pitch blackness, before finding a corridor lined with strange statuary- it reminds Toff of some of the statues he saw Atlantis survivors building in one of his visions, and the team thinks they may represent The Passions, a sort of 4th World precursor to the modern mentor spirits. Chudwick says he’s never been past this space, as this is rumored to be an area people don’t return from, as well as the province of some sort of weird cult. He seems stoked to explore further in the company of this well-armed/confident group, however. They traverse the corridor, and descend a moss-covered stone block staircase spiraling down an ancient block stone chamber with a waterfall cascading down the center. At the base, they exit the cylindrical chamber into a vaulted dirt and stone room that seems to be a graveyard of sorts- some ancient markers stick out of the ground like broken teeth.

A cloaked and hooded figure steps out from behind one of the stones and greets them. Toff and some others manage to have some success at communicating, using bits of Greek, Latin, and Sperethiel. Toff presents the map, which the figure approves of, saying he has been waiting a long time for someone to come. He says that if their team does him a favor, he will allow them passage. They agree, but ID Chudwick as not really a team member since he keeps talking an interrupting. The druid streches forth a hand and binds him in vines which shoot up from the earthen floor of the chamber and begin enveloping him.The team ignores his pleas for help and tell him they’ll be back for him. The druid explains that the newcomers with their smell of smoke and fire, and their metal tools have been causing too much disturbance down here, and wants them sent a message that this area of the underground is not for them.

The team takes this to mean the mafia, and agrees. They head back out, with the druid accompanying them in the form of a large grey wolf. They ambush 3 separate mafia patrols, taking out 5 members and KO-ing a 6th. The wolf rips the throats out of the 5 dead and eats their faces off (seemingly as a sign of disrespect), and leaves the KO-ed guy with some gnarly wounds. Most of the team and the wolf return to the graveyard while Chem and Gethin arrange the deceased around the KO’ed guy and write a message in blood that they aren’t welcome here. That done, they meet up with the rest of the group. Upon their return, they find Chudwick completely encased in vines, and unmoving….

The druid gestures again, and an ancient tomb that Love feels is somehow connected to the London Stone shifts back, as an earthen stair drops open beneath it. The team descends and it closes behind them, as they enter what looks to be a subterranean stonehenge. The plinths are more intact than the more touristy location, and Love confirms this as the center of the London Stone’s original power. The circle seems to be holding open an astral rift at it’s center, which is dark and swirling. Toff touches one of the pillars, and is treated to a spectacular though incomplete tour through the magical history of London from the time the druids first arrived. They seem to be an offshoot of the precursor group that became the Black Lodge, the Denairastas people. It seems like there were some disagreements, leading to the schism. But a druid cult has existed here, guarding the henge, since then, having survived Romans and many others who invaded and nearly wiped them out. They had apparently filled the henge in completely with dirt as magic faded, and only re-excavated it at the arrival of the 6th World. They seem to have replenished their numbers through kidnapping of wayward or unattended youth in the underground, and kept their culture and mission intact through the long millenia.

However, Toff’s vision is cut off as Chem yanks him free, and the team enters the rift. They find themselves at the lowest level of some sort of towering mega-city, strewn with corp logos which are all slightly “off”- AzCorp across from Mars Macrotech, and the like. They see all of the Big 10 represented, and towers and huge structures sprawl in every direction, though they seem to be weirdly biotech-y. Chitinous exteriors and pulsing wiring abound. Road- and walkways run in a mad maze above them as high and they can see, and are all crowded with every type of traffic (though once again, the vehicles seem partially or wholly alive). They see people plugging into old school cyber-terminals, and witness some go-gangs clashing on roadways, while what seem to be shadowrunners make a daring escape from the “Mitsudaishi” towers via grapple gun.

They decide to venture forth, after some studious assensing suggests a direction of travel, based on a thin trace of druidic magic, and confirms that all the entities they can see are awakened (and thus likely spirits of some sort). This is not like anywhere they had heard of on the Plane of Man, however. They ascend out of the grated sewer in which they emerged from the rift, after confirming that magic works here and that they can cross back through. However, they find themselves unable to summon effectively. They ascend a few levels, sending some large dire rats and some downtrodden folks scattering, muttering about their intentions and the danger being near the team poses.

After they get up to a more pedestrian level, they see some various bars and clubs nearby, seemingly all “classic” runner hangouts. They begin to wonder if they’re on some sort of runner plane? They are approached by a somewhat dowdy man in a trenchcoat, who hops off of a motorcycle that speeds up. He introduces himself as Bartholomew Barkins, parapsychologist and spirit attorney. He says that he has been tasked with giving them the lay of the land, and when they question him, it seems that someone a looooong time ago established his firm with the sole contract of waiting for someone to emerge from that rift and then fulfilling an introduction. Their business has expanded since then, but Barkins seems to take this job seriously. He unfurls a large scroll in some archaic script and confirms the parameters of his task before beginning.

He welcomes the team to Zecorporatum, and refers to Earth as the “mirror realm.” He says that much evil and deceit from the mirror realm bleed over to Zecorp and that many here would not be happy to know that that is where the team hails from. The team starts to get the feeling that this place is kind of an ur-sprawl- the whole plane is one massive city, dominated by the 10 corp entities in their slightly perverted forms, and according to Barkins, their repression of free speech/dissent and the like is extreme. He says he mostly negotiates between different groups in the lower levels, where the corp presence is lessened- it seems like society is literally stratified. Also there seem to be a large community of sentient dire rats led by someone called the Rat King. Inquiring as to why the locals there seem so afraid of the team, Barkins explains that there are 3 types of criminals here, for the most part: Stabbers, who seem to be the equivalent of thrill/go-gangs, apolitical violence junkies. Anarchs, political/anti-corp types, with a penchant for big showy displays, as well as lost causes. And Blackjacks, savvy, super pro operators, always with their own mission hidden within whatever they attach themselves too.

Love and Toff think about, and remember some deep matrix rumors of strange runners going by Jack, who seemed super pro, very into limiting collateral damage, but are very selective of the runs they take, and always split off to complete some secretive solo objective, never returning to pick up their pay. They inquire, and Barkins says that he has heard rumors that some ‘Jacks have been crossing over to the mirror realm, to try to right wrongs here and stop the bleedover into Zecorp, which they believe is destroying their world. He doesn’t know how they cross, or how they choose their targets, however. He tells them their destination- a white citadel at the center of a boiling lake, at the dead center of the plane, a number of days journey unless they hire a ride. All currency here is information or favor-based, though, so they need to do some digging. Barkins says he can’t directly assist them, as reaching their goal is part of the test, but he put out feelers to find someone who can. The team requests a Jack, and they return to Barkins’ office to make some calls.

He plugs into an old-school terminal built into his desktop, and as the wires leading out of it to the wall pulse, announces that he is posting on a secure BBS jobs board. Fentin has a fit realizing how easy it would be to pwn these people if he could figure out their system architecture but he’s not even really sure how to interface with it. Some go-gangers get in a loud confrontation out front, distracting everyone inside such that only Love notices the Jack arrive, slipping silently in through an office window and leaning casually back against the wall as his mirrorshades slip back onto the sides of his head. Love announces his presence, and everyone turns to meet him. He seems like a consummate pro, and says he has secured a large enough transport for their goal, and in exchange wants a ride back to the mirror realm, and assistance on a task in Metropole. As the team needed to get there sometime anyway for this cache hunt, they agree, and leave Barkins’ office via grapple guns, swinging up to a secure safehouse nearby, where they see a number of workbenches for weapons, armor, and vehicle modding and repair.

They load up in a tricked-out battlewagon, which the Jack engages some sort of bio-camo on, to blend in better. They race down a steep ramp straight onto one of the numerours roadways, and the Jack handily speeds them along towards the Citadel (Love confirms they are headed the right way). They get into a fight with some stabbers on bio-bikes, wielding huge stone claymores to devastating effect, but manage to fend them off with no loss of life on their side. They continue racing ahead, hoping to make short work of the travel. They heal up a bit while traveling, and manage to avoid further entanglements until they are within sight of the Citadel.

A white tower pierces the black and rainy sky, it’s shattered top wreathed in a swirling storm. The base of the tower is surrounded by a boiling black moat of some thick substance, with no visible means of crossing. As Jack takes the car on an offramp towards the Citadel, the bridge explodes beneath them- he guns it and their car jumps forward just in time as a huge section of the roadway drops away to the distant ground beneath. They all leap free of the car as it topples back over the edge, and find themselves confronted with what seems to be a hydra, as well as 4 human-seeming figures cloaked and garbed in the manor of the Black Lodge (their astral forms perhaps a mite less subtle than their physical operatives). Having heard rumors that the Denairastas clan had the knowledge to create or summon hydras, they take this as confirmation that the BL are direct descendants of that group.

Toff briefly attempts negotiation, and the BL group’s leader once again suggests that the team should look into what their employers (immortal elves all) plan to do with the info they are giving them, and suggest that the BL would be better keepers of that info. However, given the multi-metatype composition of the group, their appeals to human solidarity are somewhat misjudged. Toast, deciding to strike first, fires some ineffectual arrows at 2 of the heads, before determining that the 7 heads all have different vulnerabilities. They get in a brutal, throwdown fight, managing to take out the 4 BL adepts and mages quickly, but almost getting TPK’ed by the hydra, only being saved by Fentin’s memory of the legend of Hercules and their quick burning of stumps as they sever heads. Toast nearly dies, and accepts Cat’s mentorship to save himself, as he is guided back to his body.

After slaying the hydra, Love is able to harvest a few rare reagents before it disintegrates before them. They witness the bridge regrowing behind them to seal the gap once the fight has stopped. They continue to the moat, and Toast and Jack handily leap across. Toff slowly levitates after, but they notice that the substance seems to be bubbling up and crawling after them. Love overcasts a massive levitate, and gets the rest of the group across, though the substance continues to slowly follow them up as they approach the tower. Sensing no immediate threats, they enter through an open stone portal, and find that the tower consists of a central shaft with chambers inside surrounded by an exterior spiral staircase. At the base of the stairs sits an ancient druid, chained to a stone bench in a small stone alcove.

He querulously greets them, and they offer up the map when asked as proof of their worthiness. He allows them passage, and tells them that what they seek is at the very top. They offer to free him, as the ooze continues to approach, but he says that death will be his only release. Toff tries to mind-read the ooze, and gets a vision of the end of the 4th World, and a village being subsumed under something they call The Filth The Crawls, possibly a lesser horror, which this seems to be similar to. It consumes anything living it touches nearly instantly, turning it into more of itself. They advance up the stairs as the filth follows, with Love hanging back to keep an eye on it’s progress.

They open doors along the way, finding that the BL seemingly had an unadorned chamber that they kept populated here, as well as various clerks, functionaries, and middle management types, ascending in importance as they ascend. It seems like this place is the equivalent of the corporate court for this plane. The doors slam shut after the team passes, and seems to seal out the filth from what Love can tell. After continuing along this route for most of a mile, with Love levitating those too tired to keep ahead of the filth, they reach a final chamber at a sealed portion of the stairs. Entering, they find the most ornate boardroom yet, with a large round table at its center, around which sit 10 figures, each a somewhat altered manifestation of the logo of the Big 10.

The largest, and thus presumably most important, figure is a bullfrog like man, seemingly representing SK’s local variant. He questions the team as to their presence and threatens to have them forcefully expelled for their insolence. However, they manage to make a deal to remove the cache from under the table (they are able to see through the powerful illusion making it seem to be merely the pillar on which the table rests), in exchange for providing secret info about each corp’s future, based on knowledge of the last decade or so on Earth, as this plane seems to be lagging a bit behind. Fentin manages to conjure up a solid report of corp scandals and secrets for each rep, except for the Ares equivalent, who is the only member to vote against their trade after being disappointed by his info.

The team receives the cache, and the frogman gestures skyward, into the shattered space above them, launching the team up towards the swirling eye of the storm. They all manage to daisy chain as Love ensconces them in a powerful levitation spell, just in time for gravity to reverse as they hit the swirling maelstrom. They find themselves plummeting through the sky above London, and Love recognizes the area they are over as the location of the London Stone. There also seems to be an active firefight centered on that site. Fentin calls Jane and requests a midair pickup as Love slows their descent. Toff, unable to resists, launches a massive stunball at some of the figures attacking the London Stone, after Jane confirms that the Atlanteans hired the local mafia to try to destroy it, which would have trapped the team in Zecorporatum indefinitely. Strangely, the Vigilia Evangelica seem to have sprung to its defense, and one of their number makes a sign of the cross towards Toff after his spell assistance (the drain from which nearly kills him).

They link up with a chopper Jane was able to scramble, and get healed up inside. Toast splits off to head to his test at the Tir Tairngire embassy, while the rest of the team return to the Continental to debrief and rest. Jane takes possession of the cache there, and quietly offers both Toff and Love access to more secret, ancient magic. She also, as usual, offers up some of the goodies inside in exchange for forgoing payment. Fentin places an ancient symbiont in his mouth, which consumes his tongue and many nerves in his face, allowing him to taste and smell astrally, but destroying those physical senses. Toff and Love agree to share custody of a spirit web, which allows for the recording of astral signatures before they fade. Love also initiates with Jane’s assistance.

As for the debrief, apparently Jane and Rudd have been doing an extensive amount of research on the Black Lodge, being worried about their interest and involvement. They have found a number of possible examples of their use of micrography in city planning, art, and architecture, and say that their power base seems to originate around Prague and Karlsruhe, though they are believed to now operate in most global capitals and centers of power. However, the micrography and other intel they have uncovered is often indecipherable, as it all uses the Voynich script. So, Jane wants the team to head to Metropole, and link up with a gang there calling themselves the Quantumists, who claim to have quantum computing tech capable of cracking any encryption. They are incredibly secretive, so the team will need to discover for themselves how to make contact locally. Jane also arranges to sell the hydra reagents that Love harvested to Veda, to get on Shwartzkopf’s good side, and hopefully gain Rudd access to some of his massive stash of arcane lore.

This links up well with their promise to Jack to help him complete his mystery mission in Metropole, so the team is on-board, and quickly depart, with Toast to rejoin them later. Jane tells them privately that she’s going to look into Zecorp and the Jacks in general, as she has heard some rumors and wants to know more. She also congratulates them on a job well-done: they’re 1.5 caches ahead, currently! Sadly, she also reports that their guide Chudwick did indeed die from the spell the druid cast on him (it’s possible that opening the portal required a blood sacrifice), and that the team’s rep in London has taken a hit. Also, many druids were killed in a mob counterattack funded by the Atlanteans, but she thinks some survived, though the will likely be even more secretive and removed now.

Under the Mountain
12/4/2016, 1:25:26 PM
Runners
Christopher Toff
Sanquals Love
Senk Gethin
Toast
Fentin
Chem
& the return of Speed Tanaka

After clearing Cairo safely, the team gets ahold of Simon Andrews at Saeder-Krupp Heavy Industries, and arranges to assist SK in locating the valuable haul they aim to uncover, on the terms that the team gets a first look and can take the cache and any items it contains. Andrews agrees, and Frosty Jane approves it, so it’s a go. They get a debrief on Poland’s situation: basically SK moved in hard and funds the armed forces and some government militias against Russian-backed insurgents. The country is very conservative and very Catholic, and there have been some church officials poking around near SK’s Owl Mountain dig site, so the team figures local opposition may come in the form of the Vigilia Evangelica. They order arms, armor, ammo, and supplies through SK to meet them at the dig.

The team make their way in through SK’s advanced digsite, after checking in with Andrews and finalizing all the transactions and deals. Traversing a system of partially excavated Nazi tunnels and bunkers, they follow astral traces to an old Polish resistance hideout, and find a secret tunnel connected to an old, but still-sealed Nazi bunker. They gain access, and find evidence that people were still living there well after the end of WWII. They get into a fight with a ghoul in a tattered and patched uniform with an old-school gatling gun. Toast manages to break the gun before he fires, and they kill the ghoul, though Toast is covered in ghoul blood. They head deeper into the bunker and find a partially collapsed “war room”, followed by some scientific areas and cryo chambers, all but one of which have failed. They find an old non-functional enigma machine, as well as some very early room-filling computers. Advancing further, they find a massive broken drill as well as an exposed, smoothly-bored tunnel inscribed with some sort of astral writing.

They travel a ways down the tunnel, before encountering some kind of strange astral web, which they destroy, and rush past as it begins to multiply and reform. They travel down the pitch-black, perfectly smooth tube for days, with Toff determining that it is making a great circle route to the area around Pripyat, aka Chernobyl: the cursed site of the former Bloodwood. They eventually find some desiccated Nazi ghoul corpses with emptied machine guns, but no evidence of what they were firing at. After many days, they find a sealed stone slab, which Toff shapes through, and they discover themselves at The Library of Throal, the great dwarven library from the 4th World. They make camp, hoping to rest up after the rough travel down the strange tunnel. They are awoken unpleasantly early, by a strange commotion at a nearby collapsed tunnel.

MEANWHILE: Speed Tanaka, Testinchen, and Chessick Allens-Whitehill have all found themselves wandering some sort of strange fey realm after getting shunted off course while trying to escape Boston via the Gateway Project. Unfortunately, they passed through the portal a bit later than the rest of the team, and it wasn’t fully functional again after the crystalline entity’s attack. They found themselves in a strange, fey realm, rife with woodlands and streams. After exploring for some time, and repeatedly losing their way, they found themselves at what looked to be a nursery, and entered after seeing another figure moving inside, while singing a strange song.

They found an elven-looking man carefully stuffing some of the babies inside the nursery into a large sack he carried, and were about to try to get some info from him when a guard entered and sent them all fleeing, calling them “forces of the Unmaker.” They were scattered and chased by hunters and hounds. Tanaka lost sight of the other 2, but found a strange silvery pool which contained an image of some of his former teammates from Boston sleeping in some sort of ruined cave. Fearing her pursuers, Tanaka leapt in, and crashed into the camp, awakening the rest of the team.

They don’t have much time for introductions, as 2 hounds and a hunter with a bow follow quickly through,. The team defeats them in combat, and they dissipate, as spirits tend to do, and vanish as the portal closes. However, they didn’t seem to have any grievance with the team until they were attacked- they were only after Tanaka. They all exchange info, and decide that Tanaka and the others likely ran afoul of someone capable of summoning The Wild Hunt, a sort of vigilante collection of spirits that can be called upon to track, hunt, and enact vengeance upon an individual or group who has wronged the summoner. However, they will only hunt for 1 day’s time, so Tanaka may have escaped their clutches for now. The real question is: where was she?

Regardless, for the moment they decide to continue the current mission, and cut Tanaka in on the profits, to a slightly lesser extent. They break camp, and begin using assensing and various clair-senses to try to find a way further in. They soon discover am intact antechamber, which looks to have held about half a dozen individuals at one point, in some sort of secure vault. They recover intact, but summary, copies of some of the texts they sought here, detailing some of the culture and creatures of ancient Barsaive, a rough copy of the “Books of Harrow”, telling of the end of the 2nd Age & the tablets discovery in the 4th, as well as some crumbled journals that they get as much as they can from without destroying. It seems that the vault is called a kaer, a structure built to shelter people of the 4th World from the Horror’s that mark the end of a phase of magic. This was a secondary kaer, meant to stay open longer & collect info and stragglers as late as possible, after the main kaer deep in the library was sealed.

It seems there was a schism with the Lorekeepers here, after a feathered serpent among their number became obsessed with reading the Book of Scales, a tome about the Horrors which survived from the 2nd Age (2 magical epochs ago), and using the knowledge therein to use a blood ritual to protect himself and others from the Horrors. The other lorekeepers banished him, but were apparently somewhat corrupted by exposure when they cracked the seal on the kaer to expel him. Only 2 made it to the end of the 100 year period that they intended to survive there, and reopened it to find a world in ruins. The journal ends with 1 of them heading into the library to try to make contact with the main kaer, while the other ventures forth to seek other survivors outside Barsaive.

Toff has some visions of the time spent in here, as well as some of the ancient adventurers who stashed their accounts here, hoping that someone would one day read them. The team heads deeper into the library, following the serpent’s projected path, with Toff tunneling through collapsed stone while Love holds up the tunnel around the team with powerful barrier spells. They eventually find a small clear area under a walkway, which sheltered the area from the roof collapse. There is another large vault-like stone slab door, but this one is cracked open. They enter, and after exchanging some cryptic words with an old man within, get in a serious throwdown combat as he shifts into his draconic form. They eventually defeat him, and he crumbles to dust as they search the massive chamber.

It is filled with remains- it seems that the people who took shelter here were universally slaughtered to power whatever kind of blood ritual the serpent performed, and based on Toff’s quick view, it wasn’t even fully successful, as the serpent appeared corrupted by exposure, though not fully destroyed. So, a partial success? Also a 2nd indication that blood magic does actually work to protect from the Horrors, though its users also suffer a price. They also recover the miraculously intact Book of Scales from a bone pedestal near a deep well, which has a coppery stink eminating from it.

Toff touches the book, and it drives him partially insane, as he is riddles with flashbacks. Others who view it before they close it and stuff it in the provided mana-bag are mentally damaged just by the sight. However, they do gain some useful intel: the book was composed by a dragon who was driven mad by the Horrors, and cannibalized himself to write it- it is written on his hide and scales, and scribed in his blood. It tells of the coming of the Horrors, as well as worshipfully naming and describing some of them. The serpent has also updated the book with notations on the ritual he performed, as well as descriptions of the few visitirs he had over the years that he actually allowed to leave: 2 early “prophets” of the Horrors known as Ludwig Prinn and Abdul Al’Hazred. This explains some things… They also find the ruins of a cache container (which looks to have house the Book), and find a magical concoction of some sort, which when applied to an edged weapon will bypass spirit’s natural immunities. They coat Tanaka’s blade in it, to make her a bit more effective.

The team make camp and stabilize/heal up from the brutal fight, and stay there until SK finally catches up a few days later. As promised, SK examines everything, claims the contents of the library, and lets the team leave with the cache’s “contents”- the Book of Scales. Jane is satisfied with how this all played out, as the team has full scans of the tablets and tomes they found, as well as some info from the crumbled journals it will be hard for SK to reconstruct. Jane tells them that based on all this new data, and research done while the team was underground, they’re off to London next, to seek another cache. Tanaka splits off to deal with her sudden wealth from all the Boston money, and check in with her people outside. The rest of the team travels to London, and reserves rooms at The Continental to ease the way (some light smuggling is provided).

A Tale of 2 Assassinations in 2 Cities
10/31/2016, 5:13:57 PM
Runners
Christopher Toff
Sanquals Love
Senk Gethin
Toast
Fentin
Chem

The team restocks on explosives and ammo at the Dudu Dudu Oja arms market, in Agege, and is shocked at both the variety of weapons (from small arms to small aircraft) on display, and the clientele, who range from mercs to religious extremist/seperatist groups to runners like themselves to state agents, all of whom would likely be at each other’s throats if encountered anywhere else. Chem decides to stick around and do some shopping. Feeling prepared, Toast hires some of the baggage carriers at the airport to report in when Thankyou arrives, and provide as many details on his team as possible. Then the team heads to northeast Kosofe to scout out the lab site, and lay their trap.

They get the report back- multiple drones, 1 dwarf who matches Barnaby “Wombat” Rudd’s description, 1 troll with a lot of gear, 1 magical ork, and 3 humans. They all leave the airport on bikes after loading up their gear. The team decides to let TY’s group do the heavy lifting, and hit them on the way out of the Gilgamesh Initiative facility. They watch as the team, seemingly all pro’s aside from Rudd, blast their way into the lab, and then follow through the path they cleared. Toff and Love hang back to provide spell support, while Fentin provides sniper cover and jams the area.

Toast and Gethin sneak onto the roof of the building while Fentin overrides the limited (yet powerful) onboard AI in a combat drone the TY team left outside, and uses it to destroy some more GI facility gun ports. They also destroy the semi-intelligent bikes, and the various guns and sensors on the facility. They think the drones/bikes may have been infected with TY/Deus strain CFD. 2 of the humans also appear to be TY CFD clones, which is distressing. They rig up some explosives by the obvious exit, and wait for the team to appear.

As the TY team leaves the building, Toff forcefully levitates Rudd out of the way as Love uses a massive fireball to trigger Gethin’s explosives, and Toast pulls Rudd over the lip of the roof to relative safety. Gethin zaps Rudd with the microwave cyberware scrambler to disable the cranial bomb, and Toast doses him with gamma scopolamine. Gethin and Fentin prepare to fire, but there seem to be no survivors. Some of TY’s team was already injured, and the combo of the fireball and explosives did them in. Fentin, Toff, and Love do astral and matrix recon and find a waiting fanboat with a camo’d pilot nearby in the lagoon.

They approach cautiously, but after determining that the pilot appears to be a hireling rather than another clone, they decide to bluff as if they are the team the pilot is waiting for. They also bribe him to take them to a different destination than planned. However, he works for Innocent Dobiri, who TY seems to also know, so the team worries that their route out of town may be compromised, and decide to get smuggled via a pirate seacraft instead. They get dropped off in Apapa, and get the fanboatman to give them the geo location of the intended drop-point, on the jungle side of the Lagoon, so they assume TY has a rendevouz team waiting there who will soon notice something is amiss.

Luckily, the weekly pirate market is just wrapping up, and they find a willing crew among the Fanti Families there to take them to Asamando, where they will fly to Cairo on a Draco Foundation jet provided by Frosty Jane. The drug that Toast dosed Rudd with is just wearing off as they get aboard the boat, so they question him quickly while he is still under the truth serum effects. Toff also mind probes him, which he doesn’t like. However, he is not CFD-infected, and they eventually come to an agreement that he will pass over the data from the GI job in exchange for safe passage (conveniently) to Cairo, where the Coptic Pope has created a technomancer sanctuary. While aboard the Fanti ship, they hear legends of a yearly meet-up at some sort of “pirate haven” known as Libertalia, possibly in the Ethiomalian Territoties.

They reach Asamando with no trouble, and hop aboard the jet as quick as they can, not wanting to illegally stay in a country where prisoners often end up as food. They brief Rudd on the cache hunt, which he is excited to assist, and he explains his use: he has access to the great dragon Masaru’s rebuilt Library of Alexandria, as well as connections to rare book/item sellers throughout the middle east, especially in the markets of Cairo and Istanbul. He also secures them a loaner van while in Cairo from a friend in the t-mancer underground, for which he has done extensive ID forging in the past.

They drop Rudd off at the Coptic center of power, the Hanging Church, for an interview intended to verify his ID and claims as one seeking sanctuary, and plan to touch base after the job is complete. They call Adegoke’s major-domo, who arranges to send the “traitor”, Issac Olaleye to Cairo, and provides his itinerary while there. He explains that the job also pays double if they get a recorded confession. They decide to pick him up at the train station when he gets in, and attempt to bribe his bodyguard to get him out of the way. Chem rigs the middle seat of the van up with an electrical trap, and Fentin gets them guest passes to a conference at Issac’s hotel in case they miss the pickup. Until Rudd gets them fake licenses for their non-comabt magic, both Love and Toff are having severe focus withdrawal.

Toff and Toast use Am-mut from Jackpoint to get a connection with the Cairo faction of the Grey Wolves Maffiya, a nationalist Turkish criminal syndicate. A member named Tayyip Baybasin arranges a quiet warehouse and body disposal for them as needed, for a reasonable rate. They make the pickup in a repainted van, with Gethin posing as the chaffeur. They get them aboard, and after Fentin browses the bodyguard’s Persona 2.1 feed and find that he’s a cyber-addict, succeed in bribing him to get back out of the van as they shock Issac into submission.

They get him the warehouse, dose him with gamma scopolamine, and begin their interrogation. Fentin hacks his comm and peruses his records to look for proof. However, he maintains his innocence, and Fentin says the records back him up- he hasn’t been the one double-selling info to the Apep Consortium. Toff reads his mind to confirm, and it checks out. They call it in to the major-domo, and say that it looks like the likeliest culprit is the art dealer that Issac was in town to meet. The major-domo tells them to get after her, but decides to hire someone else, after they balk on pay. They get a reduced payout for figuring out the truth, as well as Adegoke’s thanks (the more valuable commodity)- them and Jane are now free to operate openly in the area’s Adegoke has sway over and connections in.

However, although the major-domo has them assure Issas that he is still welcome in Adegoke’s employ and they apologize, he seems deeply shaken by the experience, and Toast helps him secure a fake SIN through Rudd, for the bug-out bag that he has just now decided he needs. The rest of the team thinks they shouldn’t help him, but oh well….

Rudd gets back in touch, and tells them he’s in with people in Cairo now, and has begun researching at the Library in Alexandria. Based on the keywords they gave him to search, he tells them that he has a lead on the location of the Lost Library of Throal, which they heard rumors of in the Vault of Lore. He thinks it is likely in Poland, in the Silesia region, probably near to Owl Mountain. The Nazi’s had a major effort underway during WWII, under Himmler, to find Atlantis, and they had a major dig in the region. Also, artifact hunters and amateur miners have turned up some good objects in the area, both magical and historical. There is also a rumor that some of the Nazi high command planned to retreat to underground bunkers dug out in the region, in order to survive the allied forces bombardment, and later re-emerge, but their location has never been discovered….

Time to head for Poland!

Lagosian Times
9/29/2016, 7:06:51 PM
Runners
Christopher Toff
Sanquals Love
Senk Gethin
Toast
Fentin
Chem

Love stays behind for a bit to learn some “safe” blood magic from Frosty Jane, while the rest of the team heads to Nyamkopon, the capital of the ghoul nation of Asamando, on a private jet chartered by the Draco Foundation. From there, they will link up with a Lagosian smuggler named Innocent Dobiri, and get flown in, having opted out of the slower (and possibly more dangerous) land and sea routes. They pass through Tir Tairngire and Asamandan customs with no trouble, and link up with Innocent. His plane, though shot full of holes, is meticulously maintained, and he flies them towards Lagos with no trouble, only having to dodge a small amount of AA fire.

Jane has given them a dossier explaining that their 2 tasks here are: to get back on King Adegoke’s good side, and to safely retrieve Barnaby “Wombat” Rudd from the clutches of the Thankyou CFD clone that is currently using him on a team to plan a raid on the final known Gilgamesh Initiative facility (located in Lagos!). TY has likely implanted Rudd with a cranial bomb to ensure compliance, so the team will need to disable that. Also, Jane has made a deal with Alice to pass along the info that the TY clone team extracts, so the plan is that Jane’s team will hit the TY team as they exit the GI facility, kill them all while saving Rudd, and make sure that the data gets to Alice (and doesn’t get transmitted to other TY’s at any point). Rudd is an expert in ancient languages, obscure texts, lore, etc so he will be immensely useful to the cache hunt, and Alice has agreed to give Jane first shot at anything interesting she comes across in her info-brokering for the duration.

Before landing at Lagos, they take a quick detour up to Ife, the capital seat of the Yoruba kingdom, to meet with King Adegoke, and find out how they can appease him for the behavior of the last team Jane sent to Lagos. They make it in time for their audience, and are a bit awed by the massive marble palace, filled with art and artefacts, that the king maintains. He informs that they will perform 2 tasks for him: assassinate a traitor in his ranks, and appease Lagos’ Spirit of the City. They are ushered out to receive detailed info from a subordinate, and get the names of 5 fixers they are to visit in Lagos- they will do a small job or favor for each fixer, thus appeasing the Spirit of the City. And they receive a contact number to let Adegoke’s people know when they will be ready to travel to Cairo to deal with the traitor, at which point he will be sent there via a certain route.

Linking back up with Innocent, they take off, and head SE towards the city. Landing at Muhammed Int’l Airport, Innocent gives them a quick tutorial in local life (basically, always haggle, but it’s easier to pay than fight most of the time), before heading back out. They pay some locals to carry their bags, and bribe some Area Boys, the omnipresent local youth gang, to allow them entry to the city proper. They hire some okadas, and drop some of their extraneous stuff off at their hotel, near the port in Apapa. They then head around the city via okada to visit the 5 different fixers, and discover what tasks they have for them to accomplish. They also call up Ro Tain, who seems to be raiding a Renraku Computer Systems facility as they speak, and request she grab one of the Red Samurai’s proprietary cyberware frying microwave guns, to fry Rudd’s brainbomb. She agrees, in exchange for any data that the team (or Alice) can provide which links the GI to the Ordo Maximus, a Euro-vampire cabal tied into a NeoNET subsid, who are partially responsible for the death of Aemon Burst’s parents. The team runs this by Alice, and they all agree.

Their first stop is at Kayin’s shop in Apapa, where they exchange some ¥ for naira, the local currency, at Kayin’s hawala, before getting down to business. His task for them involves a forger of hawala tokens, a big problem for an international financial network based mostly on trust. They agree, and head up to the 3 Friends bar in Lagos Mainland, to meet the fixer Hippo, and see what he wants. He is, as advertised, possibly the fattest fixer in Lagos, seemingly built-in to a custom table in the corner of the bar. They see another team leaving as they enter, but are quickly able to meet the man. His task for them is to recover a specific corpse from the local Tamanous faction, and return it to him for “proper burial rites.” They get details on the corpse, and head to the Muslim district of Mushin, Gethin chooses to cover up in case their androgony is a problem.

They find Mushin much cleaner and more organized than many of the other districts they’ve travelled through, but lacking some of the chaotic flair as well. Much beautiful tile mosaic-work, and soaring minarets on the mosques make up for the lack of raucous street vendors and easily accessible drugs and alcohol. It also seems a bit safer, as there are a lot more lone civilians out and about, and a local constabulary that looks a bit more organized than the Area Boys elsewhere. They head to a palatial residence at the center of the district, and meet the local strongman, Blessing Ojo, who tells them he is worried about a possible shedim infestation in Surulere to the south, which may be crossing into his district. They agree to look into it, and head west to Ilasa Maja.

They find the small changeling district to be a sight for sore eyes after the somewhat staid Mushin- chaotic and densely packed with every odd SURGE mutation they can imagine. They head for a brothel called the 7 Fingered Hand, and meet its proprietor, Madame Iboju, a minimally-SURGED changeling who also acts a s a fixer and semi-official district head. They manage to avoid sampling any of the brothel’s widely varied wares, and get the job described: Iboju wants them to create an intentional shortage in the nearby Amulet Market in Oshodi-Isolo, which many changelings craft wares for. They then will provide Iboju with ample stocks of whatever they make a shortage of so she can dominate the market and even further cement the changeling’s place and necessity.

For the last task, they head far north, up to Ifako-Iyaji, into Daughters of Yemaja turf- the patrons of women, children, and the abused throughout the sprawl. They meet the often-hooding fixer Obi Akinlaja at a temple to Orishako. He explains that he got in some hot water with the Daughters and needs the team to raid a nearby cherubium that they’ve located. This will get him out of his fix, and also be a generally good and moral thing to do. The Daughters want the team to rescue anyone they can from the brothel’s unwilling employees, and make a public example of everyone else- clients, staff, etc. The team excitedly agrees, and begins planning. Gethin hires a danfo bus for the next day, and fills it with rations, stuffed animals, and emergency blankets. Toff decides to sit this one out, and go investigate the Amulet Market to find out what the most controllable commodities there are.

They procure the blankets from a clinic in Mushin with Tamanous ties, where they meet some old Mars survivors: Samson (doing outreach and street work) and Doc Todd (surgery and implants). Todd has connections in Tamanous, and agrees to ask after the corpse they seek for Hippo, and attempt to arrange an exchange for some fresh bodies (or living people) if they can preserve some of the targets at the cherubium enough for Tamanous’ purposes. They decide that about 6 to 1 seems like a fair trade, and decide to try to keep around that many alive/intact during the assault. They do a little recon, including Chem and Gethin posing as employees of a rich man looking to pay a visit (to get the interior layout), pay off the local Area Boys to look the other way, and make a plan of attack. Gethin marks 2 exiting patrons with RFID chips to try to track down later.

Fentin snipes the 2 rooftop lookouts and covers the back, while Toast magically runs up the side of the building and in through a 2nd floor window, and Chem and Gethin breach the front door with grenades, killing the guard in the entry area instantly. They get in a gun battle with the remaining guards, as well as 3 mercs who were there as clients, but manage to take them all out with only minor injuries. Upstairs, Toast captures 2 clients, and finds the place’s boss: a sasabonsam: a rare African ghoul strain, with extended arms and legs. He was eating the organs of a deceased child, who lies in the corner of his room, when the raid started, and seems to have been bust destroying some commlinks since then. Toast also catches a quick glimpse of a ghastly painted clown face in a mirror at the rear of the room, which he initially mistakes for a painting. The face is gone when he does a double take and looks back.

Luckily for him, Toast manages to shrug off the sasabonsam’s initial spell assault, and ko’s him with a skillful shot. Fentin takes out the manager and 1 last guard who try to escape through a bolt-hole in the back of the building. They load all the surviving kids in the van, and send it to Daughters turf. They take the living captives out front where a curious crowd has cautiously gathered. They cut off all 4 of the men’s penises in front of the crowd, and hang some of the corpses from the building exterior. They gather the remaining useful corpses (mainly the merc’s, each with some cyber), the 4 profusely bleeding men, and the sasabonsam, and call up Todd, who says he’ll send a courier named Capstone to pick them up. They try to examine the mirror, but it seems to be protected both by spellcraft and an electrical trap, so they leave it for now.

Capstone and 6 others show up out front, on rollerblades in street leathers (Lagos go-gang!), and pick the 7 most desirable from the options, throwing them over their back in a firemen’s carry before racing off on their skates. The team heads out to some hooting and hollering from the Area Boys, and returns to Akinlaja to report mission accomplished, and make sure all the kids they sent showed up safely- which they did, the driver seemed disinclined to mess with them after watching that attack from a distance. Akinlaja thanks them for their assistance, and declares the task complete. He provides a bit of info about the Daughters, and Gethin gives them some ¥, liking their mission. They also warn Akinlaja about the strange mirror, which he seems cautiously interested in.

They head down to the 3 Friends for stage 2, and call Todd, who confirms that the bodies they provided are satisfactory, and will send along the specific body that they seek. A short while later, Capstone skates up and drops a full bodybag on Hippo’s table. Hippo seems a bit annoyed by the drugged-out courier’s crassness, but gets his guards to clear some people from the area, and opens the bag. He confirms its the right guy, and intact too, before slitting open his guts, digging around for a moment, and extracting a few small latex parcels. He says he will see him buried proper also, of course, but this seems like the main reason he wanted him back after all. He tells the team they’re square, and they agree to work together again as needed. They do a bit of investigation on some of the other jobs, and find that Festac Town in Badagry is the best place to look for info on the forger. They also find out that the Kosofe district is the likeliest spot for the GI lab, and get a reference for a specific location that seems likely to be the spot, based on rumors of heavy security and odd experimental leftovers wandering the area and the swamps nearby.

Before they leave the bar, Ut-Napishtim shows up, and tells them he’ll be around until Rudd is rescued, and delivers the microwave anti-‘ware gun, courtesy of Ro as promised. He flirts heavily with fellow elves Gethin and Toast, and they end up having a drunken threesome, which also provides Gethin the opportunity to steal Ut’s key, gaining her entry into the Society of the Golden Key. Things become a little awkward between Toast (who’s never slept with another man before) and Gethin (who seems squeamish about sleeping with anyone), but they’ll work it out? They plan to go over Toff’s plan for the Amulet Market job the next day, after some much needed rest…

Meanwhile, Chem and Fentin have contacted Jane to ask about what Toast saw at the cherubium, and why it seems like Harlequin might be interfering in the chal’han. Jane informs them that is worse than that- it seems likely that this is a malevolent free spirits, of sorts, that Harlequin created from all the worst parts of himself, and which broke free after Aina Dupree was killed during the closing of the Watergate Rift. It goes by the name Gwynplaine, and hates elves and magic, and loves to fuck with anyone who relies on tech- so it seems like it’s out to get pretty much everyone! Jane says they chased it out of Seattle some time ago, and that it must have resettled here- which is likely what is throwing the Spirit of the City out of wack. They tell her about the mirror, and she confirms that it was likely a mode of communicating with it’s thralls surreptitiously, but that the item itself would likely have some value if they could retrieve it. They relay this to the team the next morning, and everyone is glad they didn’t have to sleep knowing what they now know…

Toff, having some downtime, finally asks a question of his mysterious tarot card. Wanting to know if he made the correct choice of religion, he asks for the truth of Ghostwalker’s origins, once and for all. He has a long and fascinating vision of perfect clarity, and feels that he interpreted it as best he could. Church of the Dragon Reborn have it all wrong- GW is definitely not Dunkelzahn reborn, but is in fact D’s brother, lost since the 4th World, after an epic war with the Therans (Atlanteans) at that time. GW lost a lover at that time, whose spirit he seemingly preserved, and may have retrieved when he closed the Watergate Rift. GW also believes there is a through-line between the Therans and Aztechnology, though Toff doesn’t exactly get proof. Toff also sees many draconic councils and affairs, such as the fallout from and banning of breeding with other races, and the subsequent creation of drakes, and feels that he could possibly ID many of the dragons if he encountered them in their modern form. So Toff feels good about his alliance with Children of the Dragon, and plans to use his new dragon info to leverage further advantage for himself within the church.

The team decides to follow up on Toff’s investigation into the Amulet Market next. They confirm details with Madame Iboju, and get Toff’s recon rundown. Basically, a local syndicated called the Laiya seem to control the bulk of the reagent harvesting trade in town. They have international connections, and are primarily an extended family organization, so harder to leverage against than many of the local gangs. They also have sizable numbers and good connections with many local fixers, so the team decides not to mess with them directly. When they can’t find any easy way to either buy out or destroy the stocks of any one commodity that they have, they decide to try to cut a deal instead.

Asking around amongst their new fixer contacts, they find out that an unusually large number of Laiya hunters have been going missing on hunts north of the lagoon recently. Toff also feels that as the Laiya use divination magic extensively, he can present himself favorably, as he now knows some about their traditions as well as their practices. They arrange a meeting with the Laiya’s leader, an older dwarf named Abiodun, after contacting some of his subordinates in a rowdy portside bar. Impressed by Toff’s careful etiquette, he agrees to make a deal: the Laiya will work with the changeling district locally if the team takes care of whatever is taking out his hunters in the jungle. But, as he warns them, “what the jungle takes, the jungle keeps.”

They do some research on what critters they might encounter, and stock up on antidotes. Luckily, Abiodun agrees to send along one of his men as a guide, and provides Toff with some tokens of some of the dead hunters, through which Toff receives a vision of some sort of ritual sacrifice around a pitted stone altar deep in the rainforest. He warns the team to expect cultists of some sort, and they head out, through Kosofe, which is as far as the roads go. They hoof it from there, and only Toff is attacked by poisonous snakes, due to some quality sneaking, and Chem moving into a tactical leader position in Ro’s absence.

They reach an area where there are no animals, and the astral feels wrong, and decide to send Toast ahead to scout. He finds 6 cultists mid-ritual, and manages to avoid getting noticed by them, but comes under attack from a sludge spirit, seemingly formed of pollutants sucked from the soil. It ko’s him after he unleashes a few arrows, but the rest of the team comes running and deals with the spirits just as the cultists approach. The ritual leader stays behind to try to hold the ritual stable, but Toff quickly kills him in astral combat, although this causes a loud cracking sounds to split the air, accompanied by the smell of ozone.

They deal with the cultists, just barely, as Fentin and then Love are both mortally injured by deathbolts. Toff manages to stabilize them all before any team members flatline, and closes the rift that the cultists were opening, although he has a disturbing feeling of something with far too many eyes watching him through the tear in reality. They make it safely back to town, and do some research on what they encountered, as well as Toff using psychometry on a shard of the destroyed shrine. It seems to have been a rough carving of some kind of corrupted dragon, long lost in the jungle. The cultists seems to be members of Logos, who received word of the altar’s presence near Lagos, possibly from Gwynplaine, given the timing of their arrival. So it seems like GP may be intentionally trying to throw of Lagos’ spirit?

Next up, the team starts digging into the hawala forger, on behalf of Kayin. They head for Festac Town after doing some cursory research on the area, and discovering that there are 2 main crews operating there. They find the most popular bar in the area, and S&M scene with a bunch of hackers and slumming rich kids from the islands. Love waits outside to watch for trouble, and Toast is booted after they discover his attempt to bring in his concealed bow. Toff gets quickly distracted by tall human man giving him the eye, and they head upstairs for a quick and silent encounter, which Toff is only slightly dismayed to find that he is expected to pay for.

Meanwhile, Chem and Fentin stay on mission, and find a local decker named Groovetooth, who fills them in on the 2 biggest gangs amongst the dozens in Festac: the Hausa Hacks, and the Onyara. The Hacks mostly come up from the Area Boys, but the Onyara are much stranger: more secretive, and with some significant hired muscle. The rumor is that they technomancers. Without much matrix infrastructure, Groovetooth explains, most Lagosians aren’t as paranoid about TM’s as many elsewhere, but the corps still pay a pretty penny for them, so they have to watch out. Chem and Toff loudly bluff through some conversation about how hard it is to find a good forger and “casually” mention looking for a hawala forger, while Fentin monitors matrix comms in the area.

Fentin notices 2 of the Onyara having a private text-only chat via external commlinks while pretending to be engaged with the personas of the rest of their peers in-matrix. He decides these are the best leads they have, and forwards their images to Toast and Love outside, who tail one of them as they leave shortly thereafter. The Onyara links up with some guards after possibly making Love as a pursuer, but they manage to follow the Onyara group to what looks to be a safehouse. They message the rest of the team with the location, and prepare to see what’s inside…

After scouting the house, they decide to begin their assault, fearing that the people inside (seemingly 4 tmancers and 2 guards) are clearing evidence. Toast accidentally kills a street tough who tries to rough up Toff, and feels bad for breaking his code of honor. Toast breaks in from the upper floor, as the rest of the team breaches through the front. They get in a firefight and slay 2 tmancers, 1 guard, and capture the other guard. They collect some evidence, while Toff and Love head through a secret tunnel that they find in the back of the structure. They encounter Gwynplaine, sadly, who nearly kills Love and marks them both with some sort of magical wound, which shows up in the astral.

GP leaves after taunting them, and they find the remaining 2 tmancers dead and stuffed with Hawala tokens in a structure in south Badagry, and decide that this will be enough of an example to send to future forgers, even though they can’t quite figure out how GP did it. They also find another broken magical mirror. They report their success to Kayin, who seems interested/disturbed by the GP connection and the mirror, but satisfied with their work. They decide to sort out the shedim problem quickly to get done with this fixer business.

Checking in in Mushin, they do some recon and track some body collectors to a shedim camp and body sorting pile in north Surulere. They get in a combo astral and physical fight, while Toff and Love pay some guards in 3 Friends to watch their bodies. They defeat the shedim in Surulere, but come under attack from reinforcements in Mushin. Love and Toff come back to their bodies to find that the bar was also attacked when they were out. They trace the new attackers back to a cop shop in south Mushin, and find that the shedim have taken it over, and masked their presence seemingly with the help of Gwynplaine, based on the presence of another mirror. They get approval from Blessing Ojo, and wipe out the cop shop, gaining his approval of a job complete.

Satisfied at their work for the fixers, and the appeasement of Lagos’ Spirit of the City, King Adegoke finally gives them the info about Thankyou’s team that they need to rescue Barnaby Rudd. They prepare to set up an ambush at the Gilgamesh Initiative facility in north Kosofe.

Cache 1- Crater Lake
9/8/2016, 1:50:10 AM
Runners
Christopher Toff
Sanquals Love
Senk Gethin
Toast
Fentin
Chem

After their fruitful visit to the Vault of Lore, the team gears up to attempt to gain access to the first cache, not knowing if their opponents in the chal’han will be after the same prize or not! They smuggle back into Cara’Sir via Technicolor Wings, and link up with Chem, who has sourced some local supplies and drugs for the mission. They make some connections with local Klamath people, for whom Crater Lake is a sacred site. They find that there is some considerable dissatisfaction amongst the Klamath at the Tir’s refusal to allow them full access to the site. They also discover that the crater rim is only accessible by Klamath people for religious purposes, and that otherwise the military has cordoned the whole place off since the 2050’s (Frosty Jane had told them that this was after a Horror had breached their world, and been subsequently sent packing at great cost).

Toff gets ahold of some Koshari who offer to trade them fake “religious purposes” documents for some reagents that the runners could gather in the area. However, they decide to social hack their way in through the military instead. They make a deal to trade travel passes for reagents with Evan Parris again. Toast stays behind in Cara’Sir to finish sourcing supplies for the actual infiltration, while the rest of the team heads for Medford. They find a recruiting station for Fentin to hack to gain access to personnel lists and whatever else he can find, and discover that the Crater Lake base’s 3rd in command (a Captain) is on leave currently, at a cabin nearby, and after some digging, that he was recently divorced from a dwarf man and seems lonely.

Love announces he will buy drinks for any service members at a local military bar to lure the Captain down from his cabin, which works, and Toff prepares to further explore his budding sexuality, playing the vixen. With some careful hacking of the Capt’s ‘link, Fentin gets him good and jealous by faking a text from his ex, and Toff manages to keep it together while playing it coy, well enough to get invited back to the Capt’s cabin.

The rest of the team tails them at a discreet distance, and Toff ko’s the Capt with laced lipstick as they kiss upon entering the cabin, after watching the Capt put in the alarm code. He scans his brain real quick as the rest of the team arrives, to get useful blackmail and also info about base security, and finds a good amount! There are e-critters in the woods surrounding the crater, to discourage tech-based infiltration, and trained rocs and abrams lobsters above and below the base to deal with any who make it through the woods. There are also warform chimeras based on basilisks used as facility security, and mana barriers with self-sealing trap rooms to contain any unapproved intruders.

The Capt has also been hunting/fishing illegally for trophies, and has a sizable collection. They harvest some reagents from his specimens for Parris, and also know this is good blackmail, given the protectionist stance in the Tir. Also, it means the Capt has the authority they need to sign off on sending a large box (containing the team) onto the base. They find a hidden floor safe, with some more trophies, and also a wireless-disabled ‘link. Unfortunately, Fentin fails to get past the data bomb, and bricks it. They threaten him and rough him up a little, and get him to sign the requisite forms, before erasing his memory with Laes. They take the bricked comm, telling him it’s “insurance” (though he won’t remember). They stage the scene a bit to make it look like a wild party got out of control, and Fentin erases and loops the security footage.

With all that info, they head back to the recruiter’s, where Gethin goes in to sign up for their mandatory service, posing as a would-be citizen. Fentin hacks in and plants one of the forms they had the Capt approve, attesting to Gethin’s previous military record elsewhere, and allowing them to skip basic, as well as getting them assigned to a nearby transport depot. Fentin also finds a memo about Crater Lake that new personnel are not to be assigned there, as there is some sort of magical mist that causes people to act strangely if not well-trained/prepared. Toff and Love scope it out astrally, but flee as it speaks their true names and starts to envelop them.

The team gets Frosty and a Draco Foundation team to come to Medford and set up a safehouse to receive the cache, and also purchase some astrally-shielded camo blankets to get them onto Wizard Island safely- they’ll likely have to infiltrate through the facility and up to the Witches’ Cauldron (and down inside) themselves. Unfortunately, Toff touches the Piri Reis Map and falls into a psychometric trance, so he won’t be going on the mission. He has a days-long vision of ancient history: flying fortresses combating dragons in the sky, a city sinking beneath the waves as it’s magical defenses falter while a sphynx statue watches over it, humans scattering from the island across the lands and trying to imbue temples and objects with what faded magic they can, and the composition of the map itself, late in the last age, by some of the survivors.

The rest of the team (+ Gethin’s gear) load into the prepared crate, and get shipped to the military supply depot, where Gethin has managed to get themselves assigned to the shipment to Crater Lake, as kind of a rookie “hazing”, according to the CO. He warns them of the mist, but says to follow the SGT’s lead, and it should be fine. The SGT makes Gething drive while he sleeps, which luckily Gethin sort of knows how to do from watching teammates recently. They get there with no trouble, reaching the bridge to Phantom Ship Island after a long drive through some spooky woods. However, Gethin realizes they don’t have a plan to get themselves into the crate, so quickly improvises, and pops it open before it can get loaded, KO’s the SGT and doses him with Laes, before propping him up in the truck cab, figuring he will be too embarassed to admit that he doesn’t remember arriving there when he is awoken by the loading crew shortly. And hopefully they won’t mark Gethin down as missing until the truck is back to the depot in a few hours, giving the team some time to complete their mission before anyone gets unusually suspicious.

Or, worst come to worst, they may just think Gethin wandered off into the mist, and distract the base with some searching. The team feels the boat that the crate is loaded onto start to move, off towards Wizard Island, and are greatly distrubed when the mist starts to whisper to them. Love once again manages to intimidate the team into holding it together through the mist, and they safely reach the other side, where they are offloaded into a warehouse alongside the base. They wait til the warehouse is mostly depopulated, and Gethin sneaks out to incapacitate the guard (accidentally killing him). Gethin manages to take the guards biomonitor off and get it on herself before it registers his death, and Fentin plans to cover their tracks once in the host. Gethin stashes the body in their crate under one of the astrally shielded blankets. Meanwhile Fentin plugs into the sec cameras to gain access to the host. He manages to get both the interior and exterior security doors open, as well as loop the necessary cameras, before he almost gets noticed and bails.

Now it’s up to Toast and Love, to bring the team safely through the astral barriers without triggering the traps. Toast and Gethin pass through first, safely, and take out the lone guard nearby inside the base, hauling his body into the next checkpoint to hide him on the mountainside. Love brings Chem and Fentin through, just barely bypassing the security. On the other side, Toast and Gethin once again clear it, but Love has some trouble. Luckily, they manage to dive through as the security portal slams shut, but the man’s body they were bringing with is caught under it. Maybe for the best? It could offer up at least a temporary explanation as to what set if off, if no-one notices the arrow wound in his foot.

The team sneaks up the mountain to the Witches Cauldron, and ambushes 2 military scientists there, killing one and incapacitating the other. They descend the oddly smooth shaft of the cauldron, with Toast leading the way while Love levitates the main group down. They find a strange, enormous fused-together object at the bottom of the tunnel, which seems to be the remains of the spirit prison that crashed to the Earth some thousands of years ago. It seems to have been partially excavated around the time that the Horror broke free, and merely monitored since then. However, Love can detect a powerful magical signature buried partially inside it- perhaps the cache?

Love manages to bribe 5 of the spirits bound into the fused prison to allow him to approach closely enough to read their true names, where they are carved into the binding stones in ancient runes. Luckliy, Love picked up enough knowledge of the various known ancient languages at the Vault of Lore to attempt a pronunciation, and frees the spirits, all of which seem quite powerful. Not feeling that they have time to pause and consider the potential for trouble with doing that, they continue. However, Love has run out of reagents, and the team is forced to collectively volunteer up some of their life essence to free the final spirit which block their path to the cache. They do so, and are glad that they didn’t leave it to only 1 member to volunteer, as it likely would have killed them.

They grab the cache, which is cracked but seems intact, and levitate back up the shaft as the sounds of klaxons and combat grow above them. They emerge to find the ko’ed scientist totally drained of all fluids and energy, a husk sucked dry, and look out over a horrifying scene. As promised, there is a detail of about 12 milspec armored soldiers on staff, locked in frantic combat with some extremely powerful spirits, who seem to be currently distracted from their attempted escape by a desire for vengeance against their perceived captors. The guards are using repeating lasers as well as FAB III sprayers, which terrifies the magic users on the team, so they decide to clear out.

Using the fight as a distraction, they sneak to an quiet part of the inner base wall, barely avoiding detection, and Love levitates them over the wall, with him and Toast collaborating to push them through the mana barrier undetected. They return to their hiding crate, disposing of the body of the warehouse guard in the lake and hoping that the abrams lobsters will make quick work of him while everyone else is distracted. They all huddle under their shielded blankets, and wait to be shipped off the island. Love has to hold the team together, as it takes 1.5 days (apparently they caused a little too much of a distraction), but they are eventually shipped off, once again avoiding succumbing to the whispers of the fog.

Fentin tries to hijack the transport truck they end up, but sets off a matrix alarm, so Love uses levitation and powerful illusions to conceal their mid-trip exit from the truck, arranging a pickup from Frosty. She seems quite happy with their performance, and tells them they’ll be headed next to Lagos to search for clues to the next cache. She pays them as promised, and divvies up the treasures within the crate: a blood fetish and 2 blood charms, and promises to teach Love a “safe” blood spell once she has a chance to review the ancient knowledge contained in the cache. She says that it seems to be a history, of sorts, as well as some practical spellcraft and other useful things. Toff emerges from his trance state shortly after the team returns, and they prepare to head for Lagos, though Love may stay behind for a bit to learn some new magic.

The Hunt for Atlantis Begins!
8/22/2016, 10:31:47 PM
Runners
Christopher Toff
Sanquals Love
Senk Gethin
Toast
Fentin

The team (minus Chem for the moment- he’s trying to secure a deal for some of the Tir’s more exotic chemical exports for his Ex-Corporate Scientists lab) lays low with Frosty Jane for a few days while they heal up from the terrifying woods, and get the rundown on what exactly they’ve gotten themselves into. Jane explains that, as they team had speculated, Jenna Ni’Fairra was using the Book of Leaves to attempt to recreate a 4th World elven homeland known as Teheronshay, though she was creating it in the image of the late-4th World Bloodwood. Frosty explains that Jenna’s mother, Sheila Blatavska, is one of the rumored immortal elves, was Queen of the Bloodwood Court, and was known at the time as Alachia. She created the ritual, which may have corrupted the Book, in order to protect the court from the coming of the Horrors, the ultra-powerful entities whose arrival signals the beginning of the end of a magical age.

Toff and Love examine the Book some more, which knocks both unconscious, though Toff gets some strange visions over a few days due to his psychometry power. He sees a vision of Alachia, in the pre-corrupted forest city of Teheronshay, angrily rejecting some human envoys, who seem to bear some of the signs of The Black Lodge. They were offering some sort of ritual of protection, but Alachia seemed to believe she could keep her people safe with the Book. Toff then has another vision of Alachia performing a ritual similar to the one that Jenna was enacting, which seems to have killed a sizable portion of Alachia’s Court, leaving the rest bearing prominent thorns bursting through their flesh. After Toff reports this, Frosty tells them that Blatavska has many powerful illusions maintained on her at all times, likely to mask her true, thorny appearance.

Frosty is also deeply concerned that if Jenna and Blatavska have begun to recreate the Bloodwood, they may have intel that the Horrors may be coming sooner than anyone else has thought. Frosty says that Dunkelzahn’s sacrifice should have kept the Horrors at bay for a long time, but that the use of blood magic (and overall high level of magic in the world) may be skewing things even faster than expected. She provides them with a number of documents regarding Ehran the Scribe’s in-progress theories of magical development in the cycle. The ability to summon invae (insect spirits), as well as the presence of gremlins, imps, and shedim (spirits focussed on inanimate possession of various types), confirm that the cycle has been advancing, and Ehran is also worried that the point when Horrors can be easily summoned (or even cross over on their own!) may be approaching. They, and others at the Draco Foundation, hope that the contents of the caches may give necessary hints to future stages of the cycle, as well as steps that could be taken to counteract them.

The doc’s that Frosty provides also hint that in addition to Blatavska, both Ehran and Harlequin are also immortals, given their knowledge of ancient worlds, as well as rumors of their actiivites during the magical downtime. Frosty has Ziusudra as well as the Book secreted away to a more secure DF facility, and tells the team that she initially hired them to remove the Book from Jenna as it’s use was distorting her ability to detect the first cache, which she believes is located nearby, in the Crater Lake region. She says they likely chose to recreate the wood here due to local ties, as the original location seems to be long-term cursed/corrupted- it is now known better as Chernobyl. Frosty also seems to strongly dislike Jenna, which Gethin finds encouraging. She says she will need some time to finetune the artifacts’ detection abilities to home in on the cache, and that the team ought to get themselves to Seattle while she does so, and try to make contact with the Vault of Lore.

The Vault is a troll-run enterprise in the Ork Underground, which attempts to collect ancient knowledge, artifacts, and the like, and provide semi-public access to those resources, rather than letting them fall into the hands of secret organizations and powerful mages and the like. However, given Renraku Computer Systems and the Stonecutter’s Guild forcing their way into/reclaiming chunks of the underground, the Vault’s keepers have been more secretive than usual, and are trying to remain somewhat neutral, as a safe place for dwarf and ork to meet and negotiate, free from prying eyes. So the team will need an in. Luckily, Toff’s old talismonger friend Thadius Mortician is able to get them an introduction, so long as they bring appropriate “gifts.” They agree, and get Rook to smuggle them up to Tarislar, where they secure a safehouse from the Ancients for their time in Seattle.

On the way to the entrance to the Underground, they spot a man selling a small child on the street. Gethin, feeling compelled, purchases the child and tells him that he will brought somewhere safe, which he doesn’t really seem to believe. However, this distracts the man enough that he doesn’t notice Fentin pwning his comm, and copying all of his data. The man quickly brings another child out of a nearby building, and Gethin has to be reassured that they can take more appropriate measures later. They reach the underground, and drop the child off at Aemon’s Kids, after confirming that it doesn’t SEEM to be overrun with CFD. Irfan Aziz accepts a payment on the child’s behalf from Gethin, and reassures them that the child will be in good hands. Toff catches up with Marcus Fireborn, who seems as fanatical as ever.

They leave, and head through the more-touristy-than-ever bustle of the Underground’s main market. It seems Renraku’s Neo-PD is having significant success in bringing more business down here, though many of the stalls look to be newer builds/retrofits, and many of the long-standing merchants have been pushed off the main drag. Gethin notices that at some point, someone slipped a small physical card into their pocket, with an embossed image of a key on it. They head deeper and deeper into less popular streets, and eventually Thadius ushers them into a small cafe, and takes them into the backroom. There is a brick wall with an old steel coal-chute door, which seems likely to be a holdover from pre-Seattle fire days. Thadius blindfolds the team and tells them they will be on their honor to not use matrix or astral abilities to attempt to discern the Vault’s true location.

They head through the coal chute door, and are brought through a series of winding and pitch-black tunnels, seemingly moving down and away from the main market. After a lengthy trek, they hear Thadius speak to a muffled voice in Or’zet, and a grinding sound followed by a bright light shining through their blindfolds. Thadius removes the blinds, they find themselves in a massive stone chamber, lined with carefully stone-shaped shelves stacked high with tomes, folios, magical reagents, and various other objects and oddities. Toff presents their gifts of rare spell formulae (from Frosty), as well as the offer to upgrade their matrix security from Fentin, and funds from Love, Toff, and Toast (the latter two leaving sizable donations and becoming “members”, told that they will be able to return to the Vault at their desire). Fentin fixes up their system, which is a fully hardwired archive of their holdings, and pokes around a bit to see if he can find anything useful to their quest.

Meanwhile, Love and Toff assense to look for books/artifacts/etc with old-feeling auras, and Gethin and Toff do some personal research. Gethin finds that the former Songbird known as Canary is known to be involved in attacking draconic holdings and interests around the globe- a very dangerous pursuit, especially given the recent civil war and its blowback against anyone engaged in such hunts. Canary seems to have survived so far, and is though to be an active user of DIVE, where various hunters were known to research their quarry. Gethin also finds out that there were some hunters active during the magical downtime, implying either some individual or organizational survivors from the 4th World. Apparently some of these hunts were funded by none other than Blatavska, earning her Lofwyr’s enmity, along with others. The Black Lodge may also have been involved.

Toast looks into various powerful entities that have long-staning bounties on them, including the Welsh dragon Rhonabwy, and the former Tir High Prince Lugh Surehand, and gets some useful intel, though he isn’t feeling quite ready to sign up for either hit yet. Love helps out a bit as he’s looking to get an introduction to Neutral Ground from Toast. Fentin also keeps hinting that he really would like an intro to Jackpoint once the team lets slip that most of them are on there (at least provisionally). Fentin also tracks down a number of useful texts, including books on Wiccan ritual and tradition, ancient alchemy, hermetic formulas and the dragon Schwartkopf’s Unified Magical Theory, classic Egyptian spellcraft from the Book of the Dead, modern practical spellcasting, Christian mysticism and spell use, the Path of the Wheel, and ancient elemental tables referenced by Isaac Newton. He gets full scans of these texts, and begins memorizing key components, using his prodigious memory.

Toff and Love uncover some creepier, and older, tomes, including a text on necromancy and dark ritual, one on practical witchcraft, one on ancient rituals encountered by the Roman legions (though ineffectual, these rituals suggest that 4th World survivors attempted to pass down their abilities), and a popular and generally illegal Neo-Anarchist guide to spellcasting, alchemy and ritual for various purposes. They also discover some annotated commentaries that it seems visitors to the Vault are encouraged to add their knowledge to. This includes speculation on the presence and nature of Immortal Elves (suggesting that even more of the founders of the 2 Tir’s than the team knew may be immortal), as well as speculation on the Black Lodge’s ties to the 4th World people known as the Denairastas.

The team decides not to add any of their current restricted knowledge to the tomes, but does further their store of Atlantis lore, which may prove useful. They recognize that the massive central pillar in the Vault seems to be a relic of Atlantis (known in the 4th World as Thera), due to it’s unique red and black striations. The Therans were apparently magical experts, who used this stone to store magical power to preserve their civilization past the point at which their magic should have faded, though when the end came it came hard, causing their isle to sink beneath the waves. It seems these Therans might be the humans Toff saw in his vision of the Book of Leaves, given some rough speculation as to their symbology and appareance.

They also find a number of ancient place names, corresponding to the regions of the modern world, which aids them in deciphering the Atlantis intel they have. Most importantly, they discover a series of references and hints to a number of lost tomes contained in the ancient dwarven Library of Throal, in Barsaive (aka Ukraine). A talismonger named Lisa Suarez has lead some successful digs in the region, but noone has yet uncovered any hint of the Library, it it even survives in any form. However, the Nazi’s, under Himmler, had a massive effort dedicated to discovering Atlantis, as well as the land they called Thule, where they believed a sort of ur-people called the Hyperboreans came from. They were thought to have failed in their efforts, though the texts in the Vault suggest that they may have had some secret successes, and that they may have hidden some of their discoveries before their defeat. The Library is thought to contain texts on Passions (which Love thinks sound a bit like mentor spirits, though broader?), as well as Horrors, dragons, and histories of previous ages, as well as bestiaries and adventurers journals from the 4th World. They decide seeking this Lost Library should be high on their priority list.

They also review the ancient dialogues and theories of Atlantis, courtesy of Plato, Solon, and others, and attempt to collate all the data in to a cohesive whole. Plato is rumored to have concealed Pythagorean musical codes in the cadences of some of his dialogues, and other various luminaries and artists are thought to have hidden other hints of ancient knowledge using micrography in various works of art. They think that if they can recover any of the originals of these works, they could perhaps break the codes. Gethin also manages to find hints about the golden key card they found in their pocket. Once examined closely, it reveals that it is in fact a micrographic script, inviting Gethin to audition for the Society of the Golden Key, a magical and non-magical group of thieves, contortionists, tricksters, and the like who follow the Thieves Code and abhor human trafficking and slavery. Fascinated, Gethin later turns to Jackpoint to find other members, to complete the ritual, and gets 2 names to pursue.

The team also finds some info about Crater Lake- it is thought that the Witches Cauldron on Wizard Island may have been caused when a prison for spirits and mages from the 4th World crashed back to Earth after its magical orbit decayed enough to get pulled in. When they leave the Vault, they confer with Frosty, and she tells them that this makes sense, as to why there would be a cache there. It also explains why this is the only site she knows of that a Horror has been present in the 6th World- she tells the story of her encounter with Aina Dupree and Yrsthgraithe, the horror who hunted her across ages. It seems like this was Frosty’s first taste of the big leagues, and she seems to feel some extreme empathy to the team, who are now fully caught up in it as well. They prepare to surveil and plan their attack on the Tir military facility that squats on Wizard Island since the incident with the Horror, as the cache is located either in or beneath it.

Something Dark in These Old Woods
8/1/2016, 4:30:52 PM
Runners
Christopher Toff
Sanquals Love
Senk Gethin
Toast
Chem
Fentin

The team hires on with Frosty Jane again, having passed her first test. She tells them that an expert in species preservation and parazoology/biology has recently surfaced after getting snatched at a conference some years back. Having heard rumors of Jenna Ni’Fairra working on some mysterious project in Mt. Hood National Forest, Frosty sends the team to Cara’Sir to retrieve the Doctor and find out if he was involved in Jenna’s work, and if so what exactly that work entails.

The team hires Sounder to get them into town from Seattle, through Jackpoint, which many of them gained access to. They make their way past port security, and manage to link up with Rook and some other local Ancients to get a vehicle and some supplies. They scout out Dr. Ziusudra’s last known location, and find a group of 9 elves guarding him in an abandoned apartment building in a slummy part of town.

They watch as some food is delivered, and also notice that there seems to be another separate group holed up nearby and observing the site. They decide to try to play the 2 off each other, but the 2nd group makes a move before they get the chance. Toast fights them on the roof while the rest of the team enters the target building through the front. They take some heavy fire from the elves inside, but manage to take them out and secure the doctor (who the elves try to kill when they see all is lost), as well as eliminating the group outisde, who seem to be some GreenWar members or similar types- not prepared to go against runners, but fanatical.

The Doc seems happy to be rescued, and shocked that the elves he was with tried to kill him- he seems to have thought they were saving him originally, having gotten him away from Jenna, who he says is building some kind of bizarre living tree city deep in the woods, using ancient magical tombs that he was unable to read. When she first snatched him for her project, he was enthusiastic, thinking she wanted to bring back extinct or near-extinct species (his passion/specialty), when it seems she is actually corrupting or altering local species and creating something entirely new (or perhaps very old). Some of the elves there were disillusioned with her dictatorial rule, as well as the literal sacrifices she had begun performing to power her rituals. A group of them agreed to leave, and take the Doc out, but he now feels that they likely had some other plan for him.

They offer to smuggle him out, but he says he won’t leave without the Book of Leaves, the magical text that he thinks is enabling Jenna. Sensing that this will interest Frosty greatly, they call her up and she sets new mission parameters: as the Doc has offered to lead them to Jenna’s city, his survival is now secondary, with recovery of the book as the top priority. Frosty would still like to receive the Doc intact if possible, but one has to be realistic. Chem decides to stay in the city and try to make some connections, to ensure a smooth exit, if needed. The rest of the team tricks out the truck they got from the Ancients with some astrally-shielded smuggling compartments and heads out. Aemon helped get them tourist visas from his old contact, Evan Parris, with the understanding that they would bring him back some strange reagents from whatever Ne’Fairra is up to.

They hide Ziusudra in of the shielded compartments, and Gethin blags their way through the checkpoint. They park in the last “legal” tourist area, according to the Dr., and hoof it from there. Ziusudra easily guides them through the security perimeter around the protected forest, and starts navigating to the astral oddity at its center, with Love confirming that they are on track. Matrix reception is shit, but Fentin is still enjoying showing off his extensive knowledge on all things as they travel. The first oddity: a 10m-wide band that seems perfectly cleared of debris.

As they examine it for traps or spells, they notice that the “normal” collection of trees on their side gives way to more twisted and gnarled trees inside the band, which seem to grow much tighter together. They hear a loud rumbling, and take cover as an enormous beast lumbers past, with Fentin ID-ing it as a Juggernaut, an immensely tough awakened armadillo larger than a city bus. However, this is well outside of their usual territory in the south CAS and Aztlan. It seems to be moving in a slow outwardly-expanding spiral, and they get the feeling that the twisted inner core of the forest is expanding in the beast’s wake.

As they enter the cleared area, they are swarmed by deathspiral butterflies, which seem innocuous until they notice that they all have large probosci, which they sting Love and Toff with, though both seem to shake off any ill effects. They rush into the woods on the far side, though they find it harder going, due to the tight/close growth. They chase off a pack of extra-aggro agropelters, and make their way deep into the woods, noticing that many of the clinging vines therein seem to be leaking a viscous red substance, which they confirm is metahuman blood (blended with some plant material). They save some for later tests, and Fentin recalls an old elven folk-tale about an ancient land called The Bloodwood, and some sort of strange magic there. Maybe that’s what Ne’Fairra is working towards?

Toast is almost lured into a strange pond in a grove, but Love is able to prevent him with intimidation and a magical wall. Toff gets a sphere of silence set up to protect the others from the siren song of the river Merrow that waits in the water. Love’s water spirit seems unable to resist however, and he frees it to go merge into the pool. They continue, with Love providing excellent directions.

They continue and find an area where the trees seem to have been denuded of much of their bark, and which seems much less populous of various small lifeforms than usual. They quickly realize they are being tracked by some spidermoose, which aren’t seen this far south, and were thought to be contained some of the polluted zones in the AMC. They get in a serious fight, but use the moose’s pack tactics against them with area effects and suppresive fire. They get some good reagents though- silk glands from the spidermoose should please Evan Parris mightily. They continue on and finally encounter the village, which Ziusudra says has already expanded since he left. They tell him to lay low and stay out of trouble while they approach.

They see that true to the Dr’s description, there are a few dozen unarmed workers carefully carving, shaping and bending the woods and vines of the village into living quarters, bridges, ladders, and the like. There seems to be about a half-dozen armed guards keeping an eye on things, who look to be quite well-equipped, and Toast and Gethin ID them as Tir Paladins, the Tir’s secret service, who swear a life-oath to the Prince they are bound to serve. Via assensing, they also detect that Ni’Fairra herself is a massively powerful spellcaster, is accompanied by a similarly powered spirit, and is actively using the artifact, while draining life energy from a half-dozen low-magic acolytes near her. Toff determines that the magic seems similar to the strange tarot card that he found.

They decide to strike while she is distracted with the ritual, as it seems like most of her security force is near her, while 2 patrol. They also get lucky and spot another man patrolling the perimeter with a cerberus hound, and are able to silently ko him and kill the dog just before the dog alerts to their presence. Gethin covers them in a ghillie blanket, and they sneak forward to set their ambush, while Love hangs back to reinforce as needed. They see the ritual just wrapping up as they approach, and see 4 of Ne’Fairra’s paladins hauling away the bodies of 2 of the acolytes, who seem to have died in the ritual, and feeding them to the sangre del diablo trees that ring the village. They all take their initial shots, and though it seems they got that drop on the elves, Ni’Fairra is protected by some powerful magic, and manages to avoid some of the damage and hold onto the book, though she seems exhausted from the ritual.

Her paladins rush to her aid, while engaging with the team. The team takes 2 of them down, and manages to avoid Ne’Fairra’s spell assault long enough to ko her and let Toff levitate the book out of her grasp as a massive air spirit manifests and whisks her up and inside one of the central structures. 4 of the paladins retreat inside, seemingly to protect her, while the team prepares to flee, after barely freeing Toast from one of the sangre trees as it tried to consume him, and partially digested his armor. Toff races out into the middle of the clearing on his deployed skates, and grabs the book, but notices that someone has loosed another 2 cerberus hounds from a nearby kennel, and also hears a loud buzzing and sees a disturbing hive atop the kennels, that also seems to be open, with a cloud of oversized hornets spilling out…..

Toff makes a run for the woods while everyone else tries to cover him. Some paladins begin returning fire, and take down Fentin, who only survives through freak chance. Love and Toast manage to hold off the swarm of void wasps with some magical cleverness, which is lucky as they seem to be homing in on the magic-users in the party, and are known to drain magical energy. The team escapes, with Love in the lead and Ziusudra assisting, while a spirit ensconces Fentin and carries him along. 2 cerberus hounds are trailing them, but staying out of sight, so they make for their truck with all haste.

Finally reaching the edge of the woods after massive abuse of stimpatches, they head for the truck across the open, spurred on by the hounds’ fear effect, causing all except Love to flee pell-mell, right into a waiting trap. As 2 choppers above them decloak, armed corpsec types begin to rappel down, surrounding the panicked team. Just as Love begins attempting to negotiate their survival, Frosty and Harlequin arrive via a shockingly quick levitation spell, accompanied by a sonic boom. Frosty calls a halt to the proceedings by issuing a chal’han, an elvish ritual challenge, to the leader of the opposition. An elven woman emerges from one of the choppers, and Love finally places the armor and insignia on the corpsec goons- there are Mystic Crusaders, and the elven woman who leads them is none other than the founder of the Atlantean Foundation, Sheila Blatavska.

Blatavska, finding herself trapped by social niceties, is forced to accept Frosty’s challenge, with Frosty claiming Ehran the Scribe as her second, while Harlequin offers to act in the same capacity for Blatavska. She accepts, and they exchange the ritual vows, with Blatavska naming the Mystic Crusaders as her champions, and Frosty nominating the runners as hers. The team quickly confers and accepts, given their current precarious situation. The challenge is of the non-lethal variety, so they cannot fatally harm the other team, though they can interfere with them in various other ways, and none of the principals involved can directly participate, though they can fund and support their champions.

The terms of the challenge will be as follows: Blatavska has gotten wind of Frosty’s plans for the navigational artifacts, and has been following her and Ehran’s agents around the globe. They’ve caught on that Frosty and Ehran, with the backing of the Draco Foundation, are seeking rumored caches of knowledge and artifacts passed down from the ancient powers of the Fourth World, including the potential discovery of the location of the lost city of Atlantis. Blatavska has tasked her organization with the same goal, hoping that her superior funding could outmatch the advantage that Frosty has with possession of the artifacts. Frosty and Blatavska both seem to think that around 3-6 of these caches may have survived and remained currently unrecovered, so it will be a contest- the first to recover each cache “scores” it, and may make use of the contents for the remainder of the challenge. Whichever team recovers more caches by the end of the contest wins, and gets final ownership over the contents of all the caches, as well as the Book of Leaves, which Frosty is able to claim for now, given the terms of the challenge.

They head back to a DF safehouse in Cara’Sir, where Frosty says she will fill them in and help them heal up from the near-disaster in the woods. Love finally figures out what seemed so oddly familiar about Blatavska’s face, and Frosty confirms that Blatavska is indeed Ni’Fairra’s mother- & apparently the mysterious, powerful backer that the team kept hearing rumors of. This makes Gethin feel a little better about leaving Ni’Fairra living, as her mother had to come to her rescue, which is humiliating. Also, if the team can win the challenge, it will be a major embarrassment to both Blatavska and Ni’Fairra! Gethin still wants more though, and convinces Frosty to dig into what happened to Gethin’s parents. Frosty agrees, and provides a first piece of info- Ni’Fairra led a deathsquad called the Songbirds, who all took names of various birds. The only known survivor is an elf/drake known as Canary. They reach the safehouse, receive some healing, and rest for the night.

Upstate and Out of this World
8/1/2016, 4:05:40 PM
Runners
Christopher Toff
Sanquals Love
Senk Gethin
and Introducing: Fentin

The team recuperates in Chicago for a spell, upgrading ‘ware and magic and spending some of their hard-earned ¥, before heading to Wheels’ bar in upstate NYC to retrieve Chem’s van and do a job for Frosty Jane. Chem and Toast decide to sit this one out while they trick out the van and begin recruiting ex-corp scientists for a private lab and weapons R&D facility that they decide to co-fund in Atlanta. They get some disgruntled ex- Ares employees for the first batch of recruits ( Ex-Corporate Scientists), and Chem also recommends another former Firewatch member to fill the hacker/sniper roll that the team lacks- a man named Fentin. He’s a bit surly but seems to know his stuff.

Frosty explains that the artifact known as the Phaistos Disc is the key to deciphering and utilizing the full power of the set of navigational artifacts (comprised of the Piri Reis Map, Shantaya’s Compass and the Sextant of Worlds). However, the Disc has been impossible to unlock thus far, and she and Ehran the Scribe have only just gotten a good lock on the location of the key needed to do so: back into the metaplanes! The Hudson River Valley is apparently rife with alchera and other astral “bleeds”, and the team manages to find a spirit in the form of a friendly small-town cop named Abobo who seems to work for Lone Star Security Services, who offers to guide them. They accept, and re-enter the Plane of Man. They receive a warning from an earth spirit named Stand In The Rain that Abobo is not to be trusted.

They make their way to the council of Elders at Penn Yan once again, bypassing the line with Abobo’s help, and after relaying their quest are told they must past a test of intelligence, faith, and will, that none have yet bested. They see visions of what look to be members of both the Atlantean Foundation and The Black Lodge being killed with sorcery after failing the challenge. Each of the 7 spirits asks a question for each subject, and gives the team a brief time to answer. Love proves valuable, passing the first 2 tests, with Fentin taking the lead on the 3rd. They appease the spirits, and also provide some small tokens as thanks, before gaining access to a secret and long-guarded path.

They head deeper into the metaplanes, and seem to be travelling back in metaphorical time, based on the representation. With Toff’s skillful negotiating, they manage to pacify and angry spirit, that looks to have been corrupted by the AF and BL, amongst other magical influences, and prevent him from attacking a delegation from the ASPS working on astral cleansing. After showing him who his true enemies are, he provides them with the safe path through the maze he has been left to guard onto the final plane they must reach. Abobo leaves them here, telling them he can go no further but will see them on their return. They follow a glowing light that guides them through the maze, avoiding a variety of dead-ends, pitfalls, and other traps, which look to have claimed some previous adventurers. They enter a final chamber, and the light winks out. Sensing a still pool at the bottom, but unable to see it due to some trick of the mind, they take a leap of faith, and fall through into some sort of prehistoric jungle.

Following some hard to read track, they find evidence that a delegation from the BL made it this far some centuries ago- surprising given that magic was supposedly gone from the world at that time. The strange vegetation and some expedition notes they find that mention “the alchemist in Prague” suggest that this may be the origin of the mysterious “Voynich Manuscript.” They continue on, sensing a powerful magical force in the distance. Stands-In-The-Rain shows up again, and ushers them onward. They eventually enter a small grove of dead and twisted trees, and are confronted by a strange and powerful spirit named Delduwath that seems to feed on fear and death. Love recognizes it’s source of power, and is able to keep the team from fleeing (a certain death based on the ring of bones around the edges of the clearing), and keep them moving towards the spirit. They eventually fall through into a space between roots, where they are quickly enclosed by the hungry-seeming trees. Love tells them they must embrace the visions of their deaths in order to pass through the challenge, and they do (though Fentin is pretty sketched out).

After “dying” they all emerge to find the spirit waiting for them with a small stone “key” that looks like it will fit the Disc perfectly. They seem to have passed whatever test was decreed by whoever placed the key here, and are suddenly transported back to Earth. They find Abobo waiting, and show him the key in order to appease him, and pay him back for his earlier guidance. He seems satisfied, and departs. They link up with Frosty, who is quite excited, she tells them that once she has the chance to do some research with the newly unlocked disc, she will have more work for them.

Boston Part 14
7/3/2016, 4:05:07 PM
Runners
Aemon Burst
Ro Tain
Christopher Toff
Senk Gethin
Toast
Speed Tanaka
Chem
Aomame 2-Chrome
Sanquals Love
and Introducing: Ashraf Alcides Hess

The team in the chopper pauses to drop off Senk (to return with the van) and pick up Chem, before racing to the the defense of the Leather District. They find it under attack from a 3-prong attack from NeoNET and Aztechnology joint forces, seemingly intent on wiping out anyone who may have received the various ritual info and the Salem Exposed! upload. The team takes out most of the AZT magic-heavy land assault force on the SW, with minimal damage. Tanaka uses most of the chopper’s missiles in the process, with Aemon and Chem on HMG’s and Love and Toff counterspelling and launching spell effects and spirits.

They hit NN’s land wing to the NW next, and take out their heavy weaponry, before moving on, hearing that the civilian populace, having fallen back near to the Catacombs entrance, is under assault. They race up to find Ro leading the neighborhood’s defense with the help of a mercenary named Hess and some of Buster’s militia, including a collection of civilians who seem to have an odd amount of weapons familiarity. Tanaka and Aemon stay in the chopper, while Chem hops out onto a nearby roof to set up an HMG post, and Love recuperates. Toff scouts astrally to the North, having heard that some NN merc’s headed that way.

The merc’s focus fire and manage to shoot down the chopper, with Aemon leaping free at the last second, and Tanaka only surviving due to the armored rigger cocoon within. Hess, Chem, Ro and the rest of the ground troops take good advantage of the distraction of the chopper to drive the NN merc’s back to the sea to the east, but the AZT splicer assault force that came with them ignores their suppressive fire and crashes into their lines. They cut most of them down, but some break through, and Sarah McCarthy is killed defending the weakest civilians in Smedley Pembrenton III’s safehouse. 2-Chrome arrives with reinforcements from Mama’s Boys just in time to fend off the ragers that come racing down from the Labyrinth, which Toff saw that the NN merc’s had cracked open again. Scarlett is also along to heal where she can, but dies from massively overcasting a series of pulse spells to clear Toff and others of potential CFD exposure, after 2-Chrome convinces her to go well beyond her limits.

The Leather District safe for now, the team recuperates. Hess tells them that he was sent by Asram Al-Aswani to help them out with the shedim and hurry them along. Allison Sanborn, feeling bad about what happened to McCarthy especially, and seemingly more willing to go rogue than usual (maybe due to the more limited Consensus present in Horizon in Boston?), tells the team that her projections are that if they raid the final MIT&T lab, and get the story out, the corps will probably start trying to buy them off instead of kill them- a much better position. She says that using the powerful secret transmitter at the last lab, and her corporate access codes, she thinks they can beam out a one-time pulse until it gets inevitably shutdown. It should at least enable the people of Boston to get the story, and hopefully some at least will make it out of the cordon.

The team agrees, and Sanborn helps them write up the info they wanna share (they’ll add a bit more after the last lab), with DJ McCarthy promising to fulfill his cousin’s wishes and pay the team for leaking the info. They plan to hold back some key elements and pieces of proof to have a salable amount of data for another corp/faction at the end too. They include an updated Salem Exposed!, as well as A.J.‘s journal and Chessick’s continuation of that, as well as his compiled list of the missing and the dead in Boston, and the team’s up to date info on Boston Enclaves. They also include crazy repeller schematics, as well as the general truth about CFD as a disease, and the Boston strain in specific. They head back into the MCZ, with Jane in tow.

Worried about the CFD-piasma ruining their plan, they set an ambush for it first. They manage to finally kill it using massive explosive traps, but Ro is almost killed in the process, and has to retreat to the quarantine and skip the mission. The rest of the team reaches the campus, and using the steam tunnels again in concert with the crazy repellers and a huge amount of explosive traps, manage to avoid actually fighting any CFD-Fenrir wolves. However, due to the wolves and ragers in the tunnels testing the traps, they’ve blocked themselves in and have no escape route. Love magically punches through the lab’s airlock door, and they enter, finding what seems to have been the main site of the attempted ritual. They quickly execute the remaining personnel, all heavily infected, and move the clean room.

They find a ferrocrete cylindrical chamber, with an upper gantry and security office, and a massive ritual chamber below with a dragon-sized medical tank at its center. The upper area seems to be lined with magical objects and architecture, both of local and global historical significance, including a mantel stone covered in Draconic script that Toff and Love believe dates the the 4th World. Jane begins accessing the array, downloading the paydata and uploading the file as Senk and Hess stand watch while the rest of the team descends. Upsettingly, whatever ruined the ritual here scarred and ripped open the astral, and there are a variety of open tears in reality, stabbing out in thin beams from the medical tank. Toast accidentally brushes one, and almost loses his leg, so they steer clear.

Toff and Love investigate the base of the cylinder magically and astrally, and find that it is the last component of the ritual triangle- where the pyramid building was Earth, and the NU lab was water, this is Air and Fire, and is the origin point of the magical blowback that ruined the other labs. It seems like these final components of the ritual were tied to blending tech and dragon flesh, powered by tying into the leyline that Damon had built up. Toff also finds, after relighting and orienting the ritual braziers, candles, and mirrors, that there is a dragon skull embedded in the wall. Aemon reaches into to touch it, and is nearly killed as a fire tornado pours out. They decide to leave it alone, and are not pursued by the spirits guarding it.

They head back up top, and Jane passes along the paydata: as well as details about the ritual and personnel/corps involved in Project Vulcan, there is also a vid-file of one of the project leads as everything went wrong. It seems that Pax had infiltrated the project some time ago and worked her way up, as an expert on nano-tech and integration (which she is, courtesy of her time in the ACHE), and had corrupted the nanites that were provided by Evo by introducing nanites of her own that carried portions of Deus’ personality that survived Crash 2.0. This introduction was what lead to the massive ritual blowback, as Cerberus and Deus began fighting for control of Eliohann’s body, and everything went wrong. It seems that otherwise, the ritual likely would have worked, at least to a significant extent. They also find some Murai Holdings nano-bots, as requested by KAM on Jackpoint, and see that they are labelled as “Reversers.”

The team can all see the borehole above them, and surmise that Eliohann, warring within himself, escaped through the ferrocrete and ground above into the campus stadium, before heading south and crashing into the NN towers, all the while unwittingly spreading his disease. It seems that the shamblers and ragers are likely all those infected with an unstable mix, driven either mad or catatonic by the inability of either persona to gain control, and the impossibility of the human mind containing either. The vid-file ends in fire and death as Pax gloats and makes her escape, taunting Deus that she has “trapped him again.”

Jane says she is ready to upload, and asks if the team is ready for the pulse. They agree, and she also says “goodbye” before slumping to the floor. They all receive a pulse, containing the data, but also a message of a large barren ash that thanks them for watching over it while it regained power. Apparently Jane was infected with Deus all along! They freak out, but don’t have much time to process, as massive numbers of shamblers start tumbling down the borehole from the campus above, attracted by the pulse. Love casts a series of magical barriers while Toff levitates the team up the hole and above the horde of thousands. They cut their way through the stadium roof, but come under attack from an NN squad, including a sniper and mage.

After a brutal firefight, they are starting to get the upper hand, when the mage issues a command and one of the NN team activates a code into the briefcase cuffed to his wrist, and cuts through the stadium roof, jumping down towards the hole. The remains of the NN team take to the air, ensconced in an air spirit, while the rest of the team jumps, grapples, and levitates off as best they can. Love gets a barrier up in time to protect him, Toff, and a ko’d Aemon, and Chem, Senk, Tanaka, and Hess manage to reach the ground with only minor injuries. However, Toast is sent hurtling through the air, with Jane’s body strapped to his back, and is spinning wildly out of control until Toff gets a lucky levitate off on him and catches him just in time.

It seems NN just detonated a tactical, low-yield nuke, detroying the stadium, the lab, most of the shamblers, and also irradiating the team. They rest briefly at MoM’s lab, before quarantining out. Chem, familiar with rad sickness from Bug City recognizes the signs, and tells them team they better all get med-care after exiting. They clear the MCZ, and go into hospital, with a few interesting offers on the table. Both Zoh Rothberg and Sandelerro and Chen make sizable offers for the full data package, but both also want the team to do some clean-up on anyone they’ve told about it. The team says they’ll think on it, but warn their contacts to keep an eye out. DJ pays up, as promised, and says that Sarah would have been proud. Senk upgrades and kits out her new HMG, courtesy of the downed chopper, and remounts the LMG on the van.

The team next turns to the Shedim issue, and get some supplies and funding from Lil’ D and Mayor Meghan Rylan as promised. They do some recon, and luckily the shedim are still trying to keep their presence quiet, so they shouldn’t have a strong astral advantage. Senk hits them with a final missile from their recoilless rifle, and Toast assaults the cemetery quietly from one side, while Chem, Aemon, and Hess race in in the van from the other. Senk lays down suppressive fire from a rooftop nearby while Toff, Love, and their summoned spirits do their work in the astral. Every time the ground team “kills” a shedim, the astral team has to disrupt the spirit there as well to truly send them packing. However, the one master shedim present realizes what is happening and enters the astral, quickly flat-lining Love and Toff.

Luckily, the ground team’s pincer has worked, and they get some lucky shots off on the Master’s body, distracting him just long enough for Toast to reach the mages and heal them. Toff powers up, summons all his luck, and finally manages to deal a crucial fatal blow in astral combat, disrupting the master. The summoned spirits have cleaned up the rest of the lower-force shedim in astral space, seeming to relish the task, and the team calls it mission accomplished. They salvage and sell some of the armaments the shedim had taken from the Atlantean Foundation mission that accidentally brought them here, and heal up. Chem leads a small side mission up to Nahant to investigate rumors of Ares Macrotechnology doing bug research there, on behalf of Erika Knowles and the OSI.

The rest of the the team uses a cover provided by DJ to act as merc’s headed up to reinforce KE in Salem while Senk and Chem sneak off. After he and Senk sneak into some old WW-II era bunker sea tunnels, beneath the Nahant lighthouse, they find what they are looking for: a massively overbuilt security door reading “Project Viper”, and a well-stocked guard station just outside, equipped with high-tech new repeating lasers, chem-seal suits, and a group of 8 well-trained looking ARES personnel. Deciding that this looks like they at least have the situation well under control, but sensing that this does confirm bugs (which Toff and Love verify in the astral), the team calls it recon complete, and heads back to Boston. Knowles seems satisfied, as they also pass along the project data on Viper that they had previously found at the Gilgamesh Initiative labs. They have confirmed her suspicions, but also allayed her fears, so she plans to make some quiet moves next.

They head over to Jane’s “uncle’s” house to find out what the deal was with her exactly, having thus far failed to ever actually go there. They find a trad-ridden warren, with a well-concealed hidden basement/tunnel, where the uncle seems to have tapped into city power to run a small med-tank, that looks about 10-15 years out of date. There is also an old terminal, which they access, and find mostly corrupted, but do recover some journal entries. They also find disguise equipment, and a disguised stasis creche with an opening about Jane’s size, seemingly used to move her hear without arousing suspicions.

It turns out that the uncle was actually one of Deus’ “Whites”, his highest-level acolytes, who escaped the arcology with a significant portion of Deus stored in a bio-unit in the child’s brain. After all, the military manning rescue wouldn’t suspect a child! They came here to the prepared safehouse using the creche to travel, and he then kept Jane in stasis using hormonal suppressants and various endocrine inhibitors, planning to upload her portion alongside the other members of The Network during the events leading up to Crash 2.0. However, he became paranoid that someone named Ronin was onto him, and went into hiding for a number of years, riding out the Crash, but losing much more of his sanity in the process.

Worried that he had failed his master, he carefully kept the portion under his care in excellent condition, and waited. His day finally came when some runners escaped the ACHE, bringing another portion of Deus with them, which quickly freed itself onto the matrix. The uncle made contact, and managed to integrate the new components into Jane’s limited fragments, before waking her up. It seems like it was just random timing that he had her out at the ballgame when Eliohann crashed into Fenway, as he had been bringing her out for a few months to socialize her, in preparation for possibly approaching some of the Dissonant Technomancers that had begun collecting in Boston with news of their master’s return. The team, some of them now having set Deus free twice (and Cereus once!), decide to keep these tidbits to themselves. They also sell Jane’s body to Cereus, feeling that it is already likely optimized to hold a powerful AI, and warn Smedley and others about the very general outlines of the situation, in case they see “Jane” around. Cereus is thrilled.

Toff takes a week to research their metaplanar exit, while the rest of the team trains, and loads up on necessary gear. They hire a team of runners through Smedley to raid MIT&T’s libraries, which should now be safer to access with some many of the shamblers nuked. They also sell off their crazy repellers after they copy the schematics. With the research and the purloined data, Toff is able to find an “ideal” path: they will exit the Gateway onto what seems to be the Shadow metaplane, a land of nightmares and shades governed over by 4 despotic and massively powerful spirits, which each preside over their own orbiting moon. Toff recognizes 2 of these spirits as the forces behind the Aleph Society. Luckily, the nightmare plane often bleeds over into the plane of Man, so they should be able to find a shallow between the 2 where they can cross, without having to brave either the Endless Bridge between the planes, or the possibly unnavigable Astral Sea. They decide to steer well clear of the deep metaplanes, after a brief discussion of continuing their fight against the Shedim on a border trash plane that they manage to locate. From the plane of man, they should be able to find their way to the astral rift that open in February of every year, and emerge in the ruins of the Sears Tower/Shattergraves area of Bug City (the date of the opening commemorating the event). They hope to be able to reach the rift in time, as they only have a few days to make the traverse before it closes for the year, and they know that time flows strangely on the astral planes.

Having wrapped up all their biz in Boston, and wanting to shop the data around a bit more, the team decides it’s time to take Dr. Dyna Mite up on her promise, and leave via the Gateway. They say some cryptic goodbye’s, not wanting to tip anyone off, and pay off Tanaka to stay with Chessick inside until they can find more doses of Shade and drop them in, as they can’t secure quite enough for everyone. They head back into the MCZ, one last time, and reach the lab with little interference. Asram Al-Aswani greets them, welcoming Hess back. He is a bit disappointed when Hess decides to leave with the team, but he understands: once a merc, etc. Al-Aswani’s 2nd in command enacts the ritual that he says should lengthen the effects of the shade, and the team all takes their doses, along with Guts (to deal with the terror of their journey and any spirit effects they encounter), and they step into the activated Gateway, carefully timing a sort of sideways leap to avoid shunting through to Salem. As they emerge, the last through see a few of the mercs in the lab suddenly ensconced in crystal as the the crystalline entity tries to force it’s way in.

They quickly disrupt the half ritual circle on the shadow plane, and though some crystlline shared make it through, they seem to halt its pursuit (though the Gateway may not be usable for a while, if ever?). A huge face atop numerous spidery limbs approaches them, and Senk remembers that some street kids they knew would have a recurrent nightmare very similar to this, which only would end when she fed it. The team all offers up different oddities for it to eat, gaining it’s permission for passage, though Love’s hand is bitten clean off as he feeds his riot shield into the spirit’s massive maw. Strangely, the wound is perfectly clean, and doesn’t bleed at all. The creature also gives them a rough direction to reach a current shallow into the plane of man, before bounding of into the distance, hopping about on its creepy legs, and promising to “visit them soon.”

They proceed for a while, with Aemon killing it at navigating. All of a sudden, they realize that three of their shadows seem to be moving on their own, and as they do, the 3 shadows flip 90 degrees upright, and causes Love, Hess, and Toast to begin seriously self-harming. Luckily Toast overcomes the gloom and depressive fog that accompanies these injuries and notices that when he attackes the shadowy tendrils connecting him to the upright shadow, it lets go. The team manages to free the others, but the spirit keeps following them until they all pay a blood price, which they all eventually do, after which it leaves them. Aemon gets them within sight of the plane of man when they encounter their final challenge.

A masive nightmare spirit watches the border between worlds, appearing to each runner as their own personal worst nightmare, and nearly destroying their minds before they fight it of, leaving some lasting negative mental effects for them to suffer. Hess sees himself failing his team repeatedly, his luck running out, falling at the crucial moment, and becomes obsessed with becoming the ultimate transhuman, pushing his body beyond the known limits in order to make himself unkillable. 2-Chrome sees her wits failing her, all her charm abated as her drug addictions overwhelm her and the team abandons her, and lastly finds herself captured, at her lowest point, by her tormentor Katsuo Shichirou Tanaka. Ro see herself rescuing all the Ro clones from the Renraku Computer Systems facilites where they were kept, only to have them turn on her, just as she discovers that not only are her parents still alive, they were the ones behind the project the whole time.

Aemon sees himself helping Ro rescue her clones as he descends further and further into addiciton, with Ro pushing him harder and harder to take more risks (and drugs) to get the job done. After they free the last clone, Aemon pleads for the Ro’s assistance in hunting his parents’ killers, as promised, but they turn on him and laugh as they gun him down. Toff sees the truth of the universe revealed to him, all of his beliefs falsehoods, while Aemon laughs at his hidden homosexuality, which he has uncovered after discovering Toff masturbating to images of Ash, his distraction causing him to fail his team at a crucial moment. Senk sees that her sister chose to die just to get away from her, and that it was her who killed her parents all along. Toast sees a vision of the wife he long ago abandoned in Tir na nOg, and the life (and children) they could have had, before it all turns to dust before his eyes. Chem sees himself captured by toxics again, having lead another team into another trap, and sees them all tortured to death before his eyes, as he is left alive and mutated, yet again.

They all manage to finally push through the nightmare, and emerge, damaged but alive, into the plane of Man. It is bustling and lively, the opposite of the shadow plane in every way. They hire a guide who takes them down a long valley, riven with pathways to other connecting planes. The ask about travel to Terra, and he says they need vouchers, and must see the council which rules the valley, made up of one of each of the denizens of the 8 connecting planes: Man, Earth, Fire, Water, Air, Faerie, Beast, and Plant. They agree, and manage to brazen their way to the front of the line with a series of shady deals, assistive spellcraft, lucky bets, and one on one combat.

They enter the council chamber, and offer up gifts as required upon stating their request. Toff also supplies some rare alcohol he smuggled out of Boston, which earns the Council’s approval. They gain passage, and the chamber walls rotate, allowing they to exit along their chosen paths. Some of them are nearly translucent by now, so they hurry as best they can. Luckily, as they race down the path, they encounter an elven woman racing towards them: Frosty Jane! She is carrying the 4 astral navigation artifacts (the Piri Reis Map, the Phaistos Disk, the Sextant of Worlds, and Shataya’s Compass), and explains that a bunch of Jackpointers took up a collection to watch for anyone trying to escape Boston via the metaplanes, and that she was on call with access to the artifacts, due to the intervention of Ehran the Scribe.

She says they must hurry, as the rift is about to close, and they dive through just in time, as it snaps shut behind them. They find a team of runners that Jane hired waiting for them with glider packs to escape the ruined tower, without running into the bug spirits that have made it their home, or the FAB III that has pooled there. They reach the ground, and a prepared safehouse, and prepare to sell all their info after they rest up. Chicago seems to be much more corporatized: Operation TAKEBACK appears to have been a glaring success. They reconnect with friends outside Boston, and catch up on backlogged calls an messages. They also drop in some supplies to Boston, specifically Chessick and Tanaka.

Toff fills Frosty in on Eliohann’s situation with the Children of the Dragon in Salem, and she thanks him for his trust in imparting that (he hasn’t told anyone else). She, in return, tells him some major secrets: Dunkelzahn wasn’t assassinated. He sacrificed himself in a massively powerful ritual to delay the coming of something Frosty calls the “end time Horrors”, which signal the end of an age of magic. Apparently, due to the high population of the globe, and thus the higher incidence of magic, these end times were coming much sooner than they should have in the 6th world (compared to the 4th, the last age of magic). Big D made the hard call, and gave up his life to save metahumanity, who he loved so much. Frosty confirms that Ghostwalker is for sure not Big D, saying they knew each other from before, and basically puts the kibosh on any real chance of D’s return- she says he is probably still out there in the Deep Metaplanes, locked in an epic struggle to contain the apocalypse he died to prevent.

However, she also informs Toff that Invae (aka insect spirits) and Shedim are 2 of the forebears of the Horrors- sort of prophets of the coming end-times, and that the more of them that there are in the world, the more likely the Horror’s will find a way to slip in. Toff is horrified/elated to get all this secret info, and tells Frosty he will do anything is his power to help. Toff also relays some of this info (and his secret Boston info) into a higher position within the Dragon Church, and secures their assistance in initiating into the greater mysteries. Frosty also tells the team at large that there is a war for the Exchange: Thankyou’s Deus-infected group on one side, along with the AI SYD and a version of Daedelus, both corrupted. Regular Daedelus is on the other side, with backing of Sem-par, Lafeyette, and Tobias Cheney (for now- there is some worry he may have been infected). Barnaby “Wombat” Rudd got black-bagged by TY’s faction while trying to retrieve some of his precious ancient texts from the Hamburg safehouse, so the team assumes that any safehouse TY knows of is burned.

The team also gets a general world update: it’s a great time to be a runner, as the Corporate Revision is well under way. Every AAA down through A level corp is scrapping and scraping to get by, and not lose any share, while some are making major gains. Mitsuhama Computer Technologies has wrested the top spot from Saeder-Krupp Heavy Industries, using their creepy technomancer research, and understanding of the new matrix to make major plays, including consolidating power in Africa for a possible corp HQ relocation from Japan. MCT has also been investing heavily in metaplanar research, given them access to a significant stash of rare materials. MCT is also pushing Danielle De La Mar’s new SIN registry proposal, hard, leaving the Yakuza as the only quality fake SIN game around. This has heavily disrupted Renraku, who up til now were the largest SIN registry managers. SK is also not happy about this turn of events, needless to say. Meanwhile, NN is in damage control freefall, trying to blame AZT and Evo for CFD/Boston, while AZT turns the blame back on NN. Horizon is helping NN out with this a bit, but not too much. Wuxing, Shiawase, and Evo are squabblling over turf in the Pacific after major turnovers at every corp.

Evo has embraced Monads, after they issued a series of interviews, public statements, and a secret ultimatum to the Corporate Court. The team can’t find details, but the Monads disavowed being the cause of Boston, and explain that CFD only began as a desperate escape measure from corp labs where AI’s/e-ghosts/ and other digital personas were vivisected and tortured for study. This seems to be true, with NN as the prime culprit. The Monads issued a global call for all who identify with their movement and share their infection to get to Mars, in order to build a new society there, and eventually launch a colony ship away from humanity’s reach. The ultimatum to the CC included a bit more: in exchange for free corp transport to Mars for any interested Monad, they would provide a cure for the nanopocalypse (only effective in tech- they say there is no real cure for metahuman infection), and provide the brutal and devastating nanopocalypse on Mars as a proof of concept. It seems like many corps have fallen in line, using space elevators and mass drivers to get Monads off-world. Evo is the only corp to be openly welcoming, though the Sioux Nation is still accepting all infected.

Samantha Villiers has been assassinated, along with Evo’s CEO Kirilenko, and both the assassin Riser and his mentor Yankee. Riser seems to have gone on a spree after integrating his CFD personas, and was trying to make up for past ill deeds. Villiers is the odd one out, and seems likely to have been targeted in a power play for control of the weakened NN. Ares upper management is also in disarray, due to the recent death (seemingly by insects) of the presumed heir to the throne. All in all, a good time to be working the shadows!

The team uploads a massive amount of data to Jackpoint, including the update on Fastjack’s likely locale, the death of /dev/grrl’s parents, and Toff’s info on the leyline for Winterhawk. They also have the Murai nanobots (both the soft nanite sample and the reversers) delivered to Butch, who is working with KAM to develop a potential CFD cure (it will only effect a portion of the infected but is better than nothing). Toff is made a full JP member for this all, and Senk, Toast, and Chem all receive provisional memberships. They also reupload the transmission, only parts of which made it out of the cordon, and get a lot of cred, as well as much disbelief, from that.

Aemon contacts Horst, and gets the info Sanborn promised: his parents were killed by members of the secret vampiric cabal within Ordo Maximus after his parents stumbled upon a secret meeting between members of OM, Trans-Latvian (a NN subsid), and members of the newly formed Fear the Dark. They set up human supremacists to do the actual killing to through off any trail, and turned Acostado Comer Bosque into a vampire as a reward. A troll alchemist and family friend, he was worried he was reaching the end of his natural lifespan, and felt that he deserved to live forever, which drove him to this betrayal. Aemon gets a commemorative “Don’t Fear the Dark” tat in response, and vows revenge.

The team fields a huge amount of offers for their main paydata after posting the public file, and seriously entertain a few. It comes down to a vote between sharing it all publicly, selling it to SK, selling it to Evo, or selling it to Wuxing Inc, who aren’t directly involved but want financial revenge against NN as Wuxing is Boston’s largest insurer. They go with SK, feeling that they have the best offer, the best longterm chance of revenge, and the best ability to protect the team against jilted others. The one catch is they can never run against SK again. Aemon ends up talking to Lofwyr directly, after going through Simon Andrews, and also gives Lof the info that Celedyr abused his position as Loremaster to borrow a dragon skull for use in the MIT&T ritual chamber- a major faux pas, which Lof is sure to use to his advantage. The team feels NN will be appropriately punished over the long run, and this will ensure Celedyr takes some hits personally as well for his part.

They sell the data on Project Abyss (MCT t-mancer and cytech research) to Evo, Gilgamesh Initiative into to Shiawase, The Black Lodge/crystalline entity to Frosty/the Draco Foundation, Horizon pays to keep Project Orion a secret, and Ares pays for the same with Projects Viper and Hammer. They post the info about PAX, the Dissonants, and what Deus thinks they’re up to in Boston (without ID’ing the source) on Jackpoint, as well as data on Renraku Computer Systems’ Project Heatwave. The reason they don’t try to sell this info is that when Aemon and Ro were on the call fielding Renraku’s offer, Ro noticed that Renraku was slighting them by having them talk to some low-level lackey, presumably due to Ro’s failure to secure Heatwave/the Harborguide facility. Aemon, refusing to let his friend by slighted, forwards the video of him pissing on Inazo Aneki’s seppuku site while Ro watches, along with annoying on-screen text explaining just what is happening.

The man blanches and hangs up, and Ro gets the distinct impression he will be killed for having seen that, if he doesn’t volunteer to die first. A 1 million nuyen bounty quickly pops up for both Ro and Aemon, but at least TY doesn’t have anything over them anymore! Ro and Aemon pass on their The Continental invites to Toff and Toast, and after a tearful goodbye dinner at Chicago’s Best Pizza, they head to NYC under SK SIN’s to start stealing Renraku’s data and freeing Ro’s clones. Aemon decides to largely abandon direct involvement in Aemon’s Kids, as TY has become the prime benefactor in Aemon’s absence, with the Dragon Church a near second. The rest of the team rests up, and spends some of their massive payday in SK-provided medical facilities, as they try to decide what to do next. They keep the ancient dig site/potential leads on Atlantis info that they found on the ATL Foundation ship and at the MIT&T labs for themselves.

Boston Part 13
6/21/2016, 4:05:00 PM
Runners
Aemon Burst
Christopher Toff
Senk Gethin
Sanquals Love
The Return of: Chem
and Introducing: Speed Tanaka

The team, safely returned from the NU fiasco, heals up. Unfortunately, it seems like someone noticed they escaped, and a NeoNET clone assassin is sent after Aemon and Love in the medical wing of the Nub. They barely survive the attack, due to Senk’s timely arrival, and their willingness to dive on a grenade to save Love and Aemon. There is a simultaneous attack by a small hitsquad on the Leather District, which Buster’s militia manages to repel (once discovered). They’d been targeting people in possession of the Salem Exposed! file, so it looks like NN is pretty serious about keeping all this info under wraps.

Meanwhile, Chem has hired on with Ares’ OSI department, under Anne Ravenheart, and has been sent into Boston to link up with the local office, and figure out what’s going on there. He gets in, gets the scoop on what Erika Knowles knows, and drops off some messages and news of the outside world. He then links up with Ro and the others, and fills them in on what’s been happening outside: the Monads have emerged from the shadows, and begun issuing ultimatums to the Corporate Court as well as messages to the public, assuring that the Monads need not be a threat, and are not behind Boston. The corps are trying to keep it on the dl, and have kept the ultimatum secret (for now). Samantha Villiers has been assassinated in the ongoing NN power struggle, leaving the corp effectively under Cara Villiers’ control while Richard Villiers does damage control.

Evo Corporation’s Gagarin base on Mars is apparently the last major corp holding there, and seems likely to be overrun by headcases. The public has caught wind of CFD, to some extent, and speculation about who is behind it, and if it caused Boston, is running rampant in the shadows. Rumors of a Megacorporate audit and a possible AAA reshuffle have the corps in near-open war trying to boost themselves and harm others, while ensuring their fragile alliances hold. Danielle De La Mar is pushing for a new SIN registry, to follow up on the new “safer” matrix. And Hestaby has established a new base in southern Tir Tairngire / NoCal where she has made a Technohaven, and told all t-macers they are welcome there.

The team fills Chem in on (most) of what they’ve been up to, and warn him about Thankyou. He’s excited to see all the new drugs hitting the streets in Boston, and looking forward to getting his cook on. Toff and Love examine further the spell formula that Cereus gave to Love, and eventually take it to a mystic in Chinatown to ID it. He says it is actually a portion of a spirit formula, and informs Love that it will allow him to further tie his aura to the spirit with whom he has made a pact. Love thinks this explains how he survived the explosion in Salem- a desperate pact, unremembered on his part, has tied him to a spirit for better or worse. Aemon ingests some oneiro in order to see when the next assassins will strike, and sees a vision of the Leather District burning and under attack from what looks like NN and Aztechnology forces.

They warn Smedley Pembrenton III, and pooling their money, help buy out the arms dealer Yaksha’s supply, to better equip the militia. Ro Tain does training exercises with them, with Aomame 2-Chrome giving inspiring speeches, and Jane helping to set up traps and defenses. Smedley tells them he needs them to get that chopper from the Bane-Sidhe ASAP, as they could really use it for the upcoming fight. Also, the BS have been targeting and wiping out small survivor communities all around South Boston, as well as allying with the Yakuza and Morelli Family mafia against their enemies, the O’Rilley Family and the Ancients.

The team gets the needed intel, and Smedley also provides an Oni rigger named Speed Tanaka to pilot the chopper when they get it. They head south, and link up with Lucky Liam, as well as Shane O’Connor who agree to set up an elaborate multi-stage trap for the BS. They leak info about a (fake) supply drop coming in off-course, and send the Ancients with Chem to set up a trap zone at the ambush site. They also hire some technomancers through Viktor Markwart to jam the BS comms at that site, so they can’t call for reinforcements. Then, the O’Rilley’s will make what looks like a major move against the Morelli’s, who will call for BS reinforcements, who will hopefully fall right into another trap on their way in.

Meanwhile, the team will be watching the BS compound after sneaking up, and find a good time/path to get in and grab the chopper, before flying it out. Senk will go in first, and do a subtle sabotage to make sure they can’t quickly fly it out of there, or use it for reinforcements for the 2 BS convoys that will be out. The team picks their surveillance spot, and Toff and Love conceal them as best they can with magic. They also send some low force spirits on a fake scouting mission to distract the BS astral security. Senk sneaks over and does the sabotage, using a flash bomb as a distraction for the guards by the chopper near the compounds center. Distressingly, the streets are full of tent cities under BS protection, making infiltration a bit easier but combat very deadly to civvies. Senk ends up trapped under the chopper when the guards return too soon.

Aemon straps on Senk’s LMG/gyro mount, and he and the Oni get levitated up the top of the BS’ junkpile wall. They leap down and engage the guards who spot them, as Toff and Love fly over a little quieter. Intimidating and elbowing civvies out of the way, they race for the chopper, while Love takes down snipers from the rear using spellcraft. Aemon, the Oni, and Senk manage to take out the chopper guards and get it airborne just as the BS’ remaining war rigs gain LOS. They get in an intense shootout, while Love distracts one group with a trid illusion. Using the choppers’ superior firepower (and armor) they manage to make good their escape, though they barely levitate Love high enough up in time to get him to the chopper, as he’s slow on his feet. They head North, scooping up Chem on the way, and just as they clear the BS compound receive an urgent message: the Leather District is under attack!

Boston Part 12
6/14/2016, 11:53:29 AM
Runners
Aemon Burst
Senk Gethin
Christopher Toff
Sanquals Love

Deciding to raid the newly discovered secret lab under Northeastern University, and delay stealing the attack chopper, the team gets deets from Allison Sanborn and Sarah McCarthy. Apparently DJ McCarthy has been smuggling his cousin some data (and funds) to continue her investigations. He also discovered an Aztechnology mole in Knight Errant’s ranks, who was trying to subtly incriminate NeoNET for the whole Boston mess. Sanborn and McCarthy also funded a team who raided an Evo Corporation data storage facility. Evoculture, being so pro-aug, also lead to a high infection rate amongst their employees, and the facility was overrun with headcases (though many seemed high-functioning). The team brought back more info on all of the secret projects that the team has seen referenced recently, and since Evo seems least involved of the 3 corps tied into the CFD, their data seems likeliest to lead to the actual truth.

Based on this intel, Cereus hires Toast to track down one of these high-functioning head cases, get a sample of their nanites, and kill them as needed. Aomame 2-Chrome slips into the Catacombs to hide from her Yakuza pursuers. Ro Tain continues her investigation into the fallen Renraku Harborguide facility, and confirms that Pax and her Dissonant Technomancers captured the AI there and have surely by now driven it mad with their ritual. Sanborn and McCarthy also inform the team that they are seeking data on the locale of the final secret lab/ritual point, and are sending a team into NeoNET Towers (their HQ) to grab a top scientist who was involved. Ro and Aemon pay that team a little extra to look for any info on /dev/grrl’s parents, who were inside the Towers when it was attacked by Cerberus/Eliohann.

Doing some digging into schematics around NU, the team decides to do some recon- apparently some teams have gone in and not come back out, which doesn’t sound promising, and they haven’t heard of any survivor communities or rescues there. They scope it out while cruising the neighborhood in the van, with Toff and Love doing some astral recon. The campus is absent of life, aside from a large pack of Fenrir Wolves. Toff, with a lucky assensing roll, notes that they are infected with soft nanties: a high-tech blend, much harder to detect. It looks like they are trapped inside the security perimeter that has been recently put in place around the campus, but seem to have eaten anyone trapped inside when the QZ started, as well as anyone foolish enough to enter since. The team spots a few locations where people have cut through monowire atop the security fence, so they have some potential access points at least. Toff also uses Aurgury to see if there are wolves in the tunnels, and gets the sense that there aren’t- though there may be something threatening down there.

The astral recon provides another option as well: a runoff drain into a nearby tributary of the Charles River, which seems to be leaking some corrupted mojo of some sort. An astral barricade prevents Toff from astrally ascending the drain, but it looks large enough for metahumans, and seems the likely location of the secret entrance that Jane has found reference to in the various data. They hire Ron Deveaux to bring them upriver via sub, deciding against a boat after assensing a large number of auras in the water. They get up to the drain, and Senk cuts through the grate covering it with a mini-welder. They find the inside of the gate laced with an algae matrix, hence the astral barricade, and also find some hydraulic jacks, that look like they could have, if tirggered, moved the grate from the inside. Secret entrance discovered!

They ascend the slippery tunnel, glad that they all purchased chemsuit coveralls to protect them from the CFD sludge that lines it. They find an airlock at the top- it seems like the chemseal on it is broken, but it is still effectively a bank vault door. Love smashes it with magic force a few times, creating a deep hand-sized indentation, before Senk steps in and blows that hole wide open with a kilo of plastic explosives. The team enters, and sees part of Toff’s vision. A strange glade of trees (which Toff confirms were likely taken from alongside the Dragon Leyline) have been transplanted here, into the shape of a dragon (when viewed from above or in the astral). The equipment in this room also seems water-damaged. There is a door leading out (likely the main entrance), and an open staircase spiraling down one side of the room, deeper beneath the school.

Not sensing any active threats, they head further down, and Toff levitates Jane over the meter of standing, fetid, infected water to the terminal banks to start hacking what she can. Aemon, Toff and Love examine the additional ritual down here: it looks like it was using the elemental power of water as a natural healing magic booster, pulling power from the nearby river. Meanwhile, the trees and dragon symbol above where used as an immuno-suppressant to make the body accept the implanted nanites better. Combined with the pyramid building ritual, it’s all starting to make sense! However, something seems to have gone terribly wrong here: they notice there are 4 floating blue-green globes at 4 points of the pentagram, leaving 1 missing, and sense that whatever caused the windows to blow out and killed the scientists at the pyramid building also caused something to go wrong here. Love tries to summon a water spirit, but finds the local manasphere so corrupted that he becomes worried he would get a toxie instead. There is also a lingering feel of blood magic in the air, signaling the involvement of AZT cybermancers.

As they piece this together, they hear some strange clicking coming from upstairs, almost as if about a dozen people were echo-locating using their mouths. Toff assenses and sees a dozen bizarre aura, not quite metahuman, approaching their position. Aemon and Senk set up on the stairs to ambush, just as the first one appears at the top. Aemon is the only to spot it initially, as they seem to have some sort of active camo- however, it appears biological instead of technological, as they seem to be naked and not emitting any wireless signals. The figure appears to be about the size of an ork, but with gills, nictating membranes, chitinous armor under it’s skin, and extended finned arms, with bony spikes protruding from the wrists.

As Aemon calls to it to halt, it exudes one of the bony spikes and chucks it at him- he barely dodges, and sees it shatter on the wall next to him, exuding nanties which begin to eat through the wall. Aemon gunes that one down, but the team all hear a collective gasp from upstairs as he does. Senk opens up as they boil over the edge of the stairs and charge. She nails a few of them with suppressive fire, slowing them, but many still reach her, Aemon, and Love, who all attack back and launch counterspells. Toff attempts to confuse them with a silence spell, which seems to help. Love and Aemon are both felled after having their chemsuits pierced and being injected with cutter nanites. The splicers hit hard, but luckily aren’t wearing much armor, and the team manages to barely take them down as Jane finishes her hack. Toff uses a controlled pulse spell to clear the nanties from Love and Aemon before they kill them, frying their antennas but saving their lives.

Toff used the CSI kit to grab a biopsy from one of the splicers before they leave, and head back down the tunnel. They see periscope and wave Ron up to surface. He does, holding the bottle of champagne he promised, and apologizes for going under, but says he saw the splicers surfacing, and didn’t plan to tangle with that money. As he congratulates them, a sniper’s round takes his head clean off, smashing the champagne bottle as well on it’s downward trajectory. The team retreats back up the tunnel as Toff assenses across the river. He sees what look to be 2 more NeoNET clone troopers, a spotter and sniper, set up in a blind that will likely make LOS difficult. Ron’s sub begins sinking after his death, taking their missile launcher with it. They decide to retreat up the tunnel and take their chances with the wolves. Senk rigs up a trap on the door out, after Jane manages to get it open.

They flee through the campus, with a spirit concealing them, along with a silence spell and other protective measures. Luckily for them, it looks like the wolves are distracted, as something seems to be attacking them- possibly a NeoNET strike team? They exfiltrate via one of their observed points of egress, and find a nearby abandoned building to hold up til Ro arrives with the van. They flee the area as the sound of APC’s in the streets nearby grows louder. As they watch out the back window, they see a drone zip by overhead, followed by a series of booming explosions- it looks like they carpet-bombed the campus area- NeoNET is serious about this info not getting out! Distressingly, Toff’s summoned spirit has also noticed that the team appears to be being observed astrally from a distance, possibly via some sort of ritual link.

They flee to the Leather District, hoping Buster’s militia can help keep them safe, and leave the van there, diving down into the Catacombs for further protection from Mama’s Boys. They decide they better grab that chopper soon, in case NN clone troops come calling. Also- some good news: Smedley Pembrenton III informs them that Dr. Dyna Mite left a message for them: she found a way to get them out of Boston! It’s very theoretical, but she thinks that by combining the Gateway portal with a ritual by Asram Al-Aswani and use of the drug shade for non-initiated members of the team, they should be able to access the metaplanes and escape that way. She suggests that they research possible exit points (known alchera and the like) before heading in, as it’s going to be a tough journey.

Chessick Allens-Whitehill also informs the team that he made contact with some local Monads, who apparently read his piece about the group he met in Chicago and approved. Jane passes along the recovered data: it basically lays out the timeline of CFD, and places blame squarely on NeoNET. They bought and stole nanite tech off of Evo, but it seems Evo was never directly involved. AZT was brought in for the blood magic/cybermancy expertise side of things, but it doesn’t look like they were where the project went sideways. That honor goes to Pax, who infiltrated the project a few years back as a specialist in Deus’ network tech (which she is) under her Dr. Penelope Xavier false ID.

It seems that Celedyr, desperate to bring his friend Eliohann back (and also maybe just curious), used existing e-ghost and AI research programs (such as Imago and Dickens) to begin capturing xeno/meta-sapient AI’s and e-ghosts, and experimenting on them to figure out how they worked. This led to the initial CFD outbreak at Celedyr’s Albuquerque facility, which infected Riser and Fastjack, who were running the mission on a tip from The Captain, aka the e-ghost of the legendary Captain Chaos, whose digital tribe had been targeted by Celedyr’s bounty hunters. The Ai’s/EG’s at the ABQ facility figured out how to infect nanites and use them as a transmission vessel to both digital and bio-forms, in order to escape their prison and it’s tortures and dissections, and in doing so, unleashed the current plague. It doesn’t seem to have been malevolent originally, which gibes with what Chessick has heard from the Monads, though some of the various CFD strains definitely have taken a malevolent turn since then, single-mindedly pursuing vengeance against their former captors and tormentors, and not caring who they have to take over along the way.

Given that AZT used much of the data from this project to develop their Blue-227 anti-dragon weapon, and given that it looks like NeoNET is essentially solely to blame for the initial CFD outbreaks (as well as the Boston outbreak), it makes sense that they are coming after the team (and anyone else trying to leave the QZ) so hard- they know far, far too much. Jane also found a series of angry exchanges between Miles Lanier and Richard Villiers, in which Lanier (NN security head) tried to warn Villiers (NN on-again, off-again CEO/exec) about the risks of Celedyr’s programs, and was shut down. This seems like the origin of the split between them, and explains Lanier’s decisions to go on the run and leak info to Jackpoint after his off-books investigation got him infected as well.

Between this info, and the intel gained from the Evo datasite and the snatched NN scientist, the team along with Jane, Sanborn, and McCarthy, manage to determine the locale of the final lab, beneath MIT&T: likely the place where it all began! The other runners also report that /dev/grrl’s parents have been listed as killed in the dragon attack. Sanborn and McC pay the team as promised for the NU data, and both separately contact them to offer more significant paydays for the info from the final lab, if it’s exlusive. McC seems to want to spread it far and wide, and get the truth out about what happened here. Sanborn, reluctantly, seems to want it for Horizon, likely to try to frame up AZT, although this seems to go against her journo’s instinct’s a bit. Maybe time away from the full Horizon Consensus has changed her a bit… She also gives Aemon the final portion of the pass phrase to give to Horst to finally find out who killed his parents.

Fumiko Ichihara gets back in touch, and tells Toast and Senk that their revenge quests might align: apparently O’Connor and his family had longstanding beef with the Danaan’s (rumored Immortal elves, ruling family in Tir na nOg), and the Danaan’s allies in Tir Tairngire, including Jenna Ni’Fairra. So the people who betrayed and killed O’Connor are old friends with the woman who killed Senk’s parents. The team sells Cereus the clean nanite goo that they found at NU (some of the fancy new soft nanties even!), and he happily reports that he is well on his way to finding a suitable “host.” He tells them he’ll be in touch with further work. Smedley also passes along word that Jackpoint members have requested Ro and Aemon retrieve anything they can about a no-name holding company called Murai Holdings, who have developed some sort of radical new nano that people are very interested in. Luckily, they’re based right here in Boston, and Jane reports that their name has cropped up in some of the data, implying they may find something at the MIT&T secret lab, once they get there.

They rest, restock, and prepare to go raid the Bane-Sidhe and steal their stolen helicopter! Which they’ve of course been using to raid and destroy other, smaller survivor groups- 2 are fallen so far.

Boston Part 11
6/3/2016, 11:36:30 AM
Runners
Ro Tain
Aemon Burst
Toast
Senk Gethin
Aomame 2-Chrome
Christopher Toff
Sanquals Love

The team finishes recuperating at Dr. Brain’s, charge up their crazy repellers, and construct a spare charge satchel, Jane once again proving her usefulness. They head out to do the job for Dr. Penelope Xavier, since they are still on the MIT&T campus. Using the crazy repellers, they very carefully maneuver through the mob of thousands of shamblers, reaching the first 2 switches (and recharging at each) without any trouble. Ro has come up with a new defensive maneuver to assist everyone in doing this safely. 2C and Aemon are dropping any shamblers that get shoved into their protective bubble before they get close enough to cause trouble, while Ro and Senk run the repellers and Toast keeps an eye on Jane.

They run into some trouble at the 3rd switch, and almost run out of charge, accidentally blowing up one of their charge packs due to some bad wiring: good thing they built a spare! The 4th switch goes fine, and they get back to mainframe they are supposed to reboot only to find the area crawling with shamblers. They manage to kill/repel them and give Jane some space to work, but Aemon almost gets dogpiled in the process when he accidentally leaves the repellers’ protection. Jane hooks up to the relay and reboots with no trouble, and then just has to crack the firewall to get at the data Xavier wants.

She breaks in, but as she does notices a strange detail: it seems like something else has been trying to break out, and the system architecture looks significantly damaged. She sees a digitized floating head zip past her, saying “Thanks for freeing me!” on the way out, and feels like it is likely some sort of AI or e-ghost- a digital entity for sure. Being overly curious, she is also compelled to quickly grab a copy of a nearby encrypted file, that looks connected to the AI, as well as to some sort of secret lab that it seems to have emerged from. She gets the file just in time, as the system collapses and she gets dumpshocked.

The team all receive a “thank you!” on their wireless comms as well, and are disturbed to notice that afterwards all the shamblers in the room have turned to look at them. They head back to the Magnetics Lab, trying to move quickly and make the most of their repellers’ charge, as they shamblers seem both much more interested and much more aggressive now. Luckily, they reach the lab in safety, and are able to rest/recharge. Jane reviews the file a bit, and reports that there does seem to be a secret lab, somewhere on campus, that was involved in starting this whole mess, but that she can’t get an exact fix. IT also seems like it was NeoNET and Aztechnology working together as Project Vulcan who are the prime culprits.

The Vulcan program built on e-ghost investigations (Imago and Dickens) by Evo Corporation and NN, and also used many purchased or stolen nanotech developments from Evo, but it seems Evo has not been directly involved (though their transhumanist stance makes them a convenient patsy). AZT was brought on board due to their proficiency in blood magic/cybermancy and ritual casting, but apparently betrayed NN/Celedyr by using some of their new knowledge of draconic biology to manufacture the Blue 227-B anti-dragon nanoweapon during the Dragon Civil War. Although there was some internal fallout from that, Celedyr couldn’t risk word of his (accidental) participation in the development of an anti-dragon weapon getting out, so they continued the project, not wanting to cause AZT to spill the beans. Also, if Celedyr were able to bring Cerberus/Eliohann back together, that might be enough of a boon to overcome any negative PR from the rest of the story getting out, and allow him to maintain his position as Loremaster of the Great Dragons.

The team decides they definitely want to find that secret lab, but having no leads currently they decide to finish the last jobs they’re on first, and leave the campus. They find the Knight Errant station house, and scout it out. It looks to have around 45 auras present, and after some closer investigation, it looks to hold up DJ McCarthy’s fears: the cops all seem to be heavily CFD infected, and they seem to be collecting survivors from the MCZ to do who knows what with. The team decides to proceed with a threefold plan: rescue any uninfected survivors, kill as many infected as possible, and using those 2 things as a distraction, plant the data on their mainframe on behalf of Sandelerro and Chen.

However, Toast gets bored of planning, and decides to start sneaking in while everyone else talks. Unfortunately, he biffs his ninja entrance and gets spotted, starting a massive firefight. Aemon and Ro lay down sniper fire from their vantage point (both smoking scent-masking cigs to keep the piasma away), while Senk, 2C and Jane head up the side, and Toast fires from the stations roof. They manage to take out 15 cops before Senk breaches a side entrance near the holding cells. They find 5 seemingly uninfected survivors, as well as 5 caged ragers, and kill 15 more cops and the ragers as Jane plants the data. They decide to clear the station as 2C gets the survivors free. Sadly, one of the survivors slips in lube-grenade splash, and is lit on fire by one of Toast’s still-burning white phosphorous arrows, quickly dying. 2C gets the others across the street, but gets a weird vibe from one- she turns off her crazy repeller and notices a look of relief on his face, and shoots him, figuring he was likely infected. The other survivors confirm that he was in the cell before they were brought in and asked a lot about other survivors still in the MCZ.

Meanwhile, the team clearing the station manages to take out the last 5 cops, and calls this mission a roaring success. Aemon couldn’t be happier! Ro has split off with the other crazy repeller (turned off) and all her wireless on to pull off a massive shambler horde and some ragers that were attracted by all the gunfire and explosions. She leads them on a merry chase before ditching them and making for the quarantine exit. The rest of the team herds the survivors back and links up with Ro.

Up North in Salem, Toff and Love secure an introduction to a scientist working on a strange project- Shane Bosel, one of the world’s foremost experts on metaplanar travel and access who is working with Dr. Dyna Mite to develop what they call The Gateway: a stable metaplanar link between 2 fixed points in the real world- effectively teleportation-like speed of travel, using modern tech and magic. Bosel has a small facility in an old building in Salem, but it looks to have been heavily (though discretely) uparmored, and is protected by some hired mercs and runners, many of whom have a bit of Middle Eastern look. They talk to Bosel briefly, and he says that as Aseela and Helva Brightwing both vouch for them, he’s willing to let them use “the device.”

He ushers them into a large, cleared chamber. On one wall is what looks like 1/2 of a ritual circle, with another half extended on the floor. There are a variety of braziers, candles, and other magical objects at various points on the circle, and the wall is lined with strange stone of a type unfamiliar to either Love of Toff. Basel clears the room as he beings chanting and lighting the candles. All of a sudden, the 1/2 circle in the wall fills with a black, oily, smoke, and Basel tells them to step through- it will get them close to their destination, so long as they don’t stray from the path. Toff leaps through, and catches the briefest glimpse of an alien world before sprawling out on a lab floor on the far side. Love takes his time and gets a better look (at the cost of some of his sanity): he has the feeling this is is the deep metaplanes, somewhere, and seems to be a barren and ash-strewn world, with no visible curvature. The local rock seems the same as that on the wall in Salem. 2 gates are built face to face, almost touching, so he only has the small gap between them to peer out of, but it piques his interest to explore further.

On the far side, they meet Dr. Mite, and after convincing her that Basel sent them, she tells the guards to lower their weapons, and introduces an older Muslim man named Asram Al-Aswani. He arrived just before the QZ went up, and is apparently providing most of the project’s security currently. He and Mite are both very worried about the Shedim threat: it seems Aswani is somewhat of an expert, having dealt with the shedim puppets in his movement a decade prior. After hearing of Mite’s possible success in her experiment, he travelled here to make sure that the shedim were not able to take it over, and use it to replace the stable connection to their homeplane that they lost when the Watergate Rift was closed. Toff confirms that a large group of Shedim did manage to slip inside the quarantine, and have probably set up in a cemetery just south of MIT&T campus, where her lab is.

They agree to help deal with the Shedim problem, and Aswani informs them that his intel is that Toff’s team is currently waiting in quarantine nearby, so they should be easily able to rejoin them. In exchange, Mite says she is working on a way to safely get people out of the QZ, and that if they can make sure her lab is secure she would be willing to let them use it. They make the deal, and sneak through the MCZ to link up with the others. Reunited at last, the 2 teams fill each other in on recent happenings and make introductions. The team clears quarantine, and heads back out into Boston proper. They get paid by McCarthy after filling him in- he is saddened by the loss of so many “good officers” but glad the problem is dealt with. They also get paid by Sandelerro and Chen, after assuring them that the data they planted was not damaged in their assault. Toff and Love are disturbed that the team is working for AZT fixers who are killing mages and spirits up in Salem, but they decide it’s too late to back out now.

They are unable to get ahold of Dr. Xavier, and get a taunting message instead of payment, saying that it is too late to halt her plans! and revealing the hirer as none other than Pax. After checking with Smedley Pembrenton III, they confirm that she wasn’t the one they were supposed to meet- she apparently waylaid and killed a member of Buster’s militia who was supposed to be watching the supplies. Annoyed, they check their messages, and find a request for a matrix-only meeting from someone calling themselves Cereus. They agree, but all decide to attend in cold-VR so that it can’t hurt them too bad if something goes sideways.

They meet with the large floating head that Jane set free, and determine that it is some sort of blend of Cerberus and Deus- something apparently went very wrong during the ritual to bring Cerberus and Eliohann back together, possibly due to Pax’s involvement? Cereus seems like and odd being- he has some memories of both previous states, but not all, and seems to be a bit confused still. Regardless, he wants a body, and as the team seems open-minded, he wishes to hire them to secure his the necessary components: initially, some clean nanite goo and some high-functioning CFD nanites. They agree, and also demand that he reward them for freeing him, as Pax never paid in full. He tells them to check their inboxes, and they find they all have a small gift-wrapped message waiting.

They question him a bit to establish his motives, and determine that the Deus part felt betrayed by Inazo Aneki for his implantation of the killcodes back in the ACHE, and that his earlier ‘misbehaviors’ were akin to growing pains. The Cerberus part seems like a tempering influence, and they feel that Cereus doesn’t want to destroy humanity or anything so they decide to work with him. Cereus seems to think that Pax freed him in order to torment him- he believes she has much lingering resentment towards his Deus half, and likely wishes to use her Dissonant Technomancers’ ritual to drive him insane. He also confirms the team’s suspicious about the Foundation of the new matrix- it is based on Deus’ faux-resonant realm tech from the ACHE, and ripe for exploitation by dissonants/AI’s.

They open their gifts. Senk receives info that Jenna Ni’Fairra was directly responsible for Senk’s parents’ death, and vows revenge. 2C gets a video of 4 very scary-looking Yakuza exiting a cargo drop, and notices that all are missing 1 or both pinkies. She also receives the warning “you need to be more careful- they know where you are.” She deduces that some Yak goons are being given a shot at redemption by bringing her in, which is worrying. Aemon gets a commcode with a Euro prefix for Martin De Vries, and is told he will want to be in touch when he finds out who really killed his parents. Toff is asked to help Cereus’ “brother” (the infected dragon) integrate his personas, and told he will have a friend for life if he does. Love is given a vid of his parents saying “we forgive you”, but as he crumples it up, feeling very little, he notices some sort of formula on the back. It seems to be a binding or pact with a powerful spirit, as far as he can tell.

Jane has her eyes opened to the full depths of the Resonant Realms, and gains the ability to submerge. Ro is given a list of the various Renraku Computer Systems facilities that are holding clones of her- there are 5 left, split between Chiba City, Seattle, and NYC. She vows to free them, and tells them team she will be leaving after Boston to do so- she plans to either destroy them (if they have no personality loaded), or free them and start her own squad of herselves. Toast receives a mysterious commcode, and is told that his enemy is perhaps his friend. He checks Neutral Ground and finds that Velenthial is no longer listed. He calls the code, and an Irish voice answers, and The Messenger tells him to stay away from Tir na nOg, as they know that Toast is onto them now. The Messenger says that “The Immortals” had Liam O’Connor killed after using him as a popular false front for the rise of the TNN, and that they feared he was too well-loved by the people so they had to removed him. He says he will not kill for them anymore and that this is the last time they will speak, and hangs up.

Freaking out from these revelations, Toast tracks down and kills Brandon Wilson, the undercover runner/face that he was contracted for, and sends the vid of the kill to Fumiko Ichihara. She says that this is satisfactory payment, and fills in some more details: the Danaan family (one of the ruling fams in TNN) set up O’Connor up, internally, claiming he was still in touch with anti-TNN elements from his early days in the Irish military, and used this to get The Messenger to kill him. Apparently The Messenger found out since then (or has other grievances) and has taken out a number of members of the Seelie Court, as well as now Velenthial, who was apparently the handler who gave the order back in the day. Ichihara doesn’t know anything about Immortals, but says it’s an ongoing conspiracy theory/rumor around both Elven nations. She also passes along some more info for Senk about Ni’Fairra- she has a powerful backer that allowed her to ride out the recent turmoil in Tir Tairngire relatively unscathed, and is a notorious sadist, as well as one of the world’s best carromeleg figthers.

The team definitely feels like they got a good deal from Cereus so far, and is excited to see what comes next. They link up with Smedley, as he says he has further intel for them, as some things have happened while they’ve been in the MCZ. The Renraku Harborguide facility has fallen- Ro scouts it out and confirms that Dissonants overran it, and seem to have removed the powerful mainframes after breaching the walls. The missing tech matches up with that Love and Toff saw in Peabody, and they fear that the Dissonants now have a massively powered and possibly corrupted AI in their possession. Smedley also tells them that he has a mission for them: an unnamed backer wishes to hire them to capture a military helicopter from the Bane-Sidhe, who managed to take it down and capture it while it was flying low escort on a supply drop. They’ve been raising a ruckus with it ever since, and Smedley (and his backer) want the team to secure it intact, so that they can use it instead of just letting the BS fly it around like idiots until the Corps send in some killdrones to take it down. They agree to take it on.

He also has some worse news, which he suggests they best just watch. They get a panicked series of messages from a technomancer who has been captured by the Shipyards Enclave, and is being used in their fighting pits. He seems to be struggling to stave off CFD infection, but needs to get the word out that the infected are still present in their bodies: they feel, see, hear and experience everything, while being driven slowly mad by having no control. Also, the managers of the fighting pits have figured out how to “rig” some of the infected, and are now renting that service out as well. Toff and Love confirm that they saw this in Peabody as well, and worry that it may be a Dissonant inovation. Regardless, this makes most of the team feel pretty awful, although, lacking a cure, death may still be the kindest option for the infected. Smedley also tells Toff that Brightwing enacted her purge up in Salem: casualty figures aren’t in yet, but apparently it got pretty bloody. Toff is distressed that his list was used to such effect.

Ro and Toast decide to split off and check out the fighting pits- they can’t just attack, as the surrounding community is one of the largest/safest enclaves left aboveground. But Ro’s boat is there, so they have a good excuse as to why they might be wandering around. The rest of the team decides to tackle the helicopter and the Cereus job next, before investigating the mysterious lab they’ve located at Northeastern University. Allison Sanborn and Sarah McCarthy have pooled intel and resources to find the exact location and raise some funds to pay the team to check it out. With Toff’s info, and the info retrieved from the Pyramid building in the MCZ, they determine that the NU lab was the 2nd of 3 major points in the ritual to reunite Eliohann/Cerberus, and hope that they can find info there to lead them to the 3rd point: the secret lab on the MIT&T campus.

They also receive a job offer from Erika Knowles to investigate the ARES secret facility at Nahant, as she fears bug risks (which the QZ REALLY doesn’t need). They demur for now, but say they’ll be in touch. They also hear from Damon that he will back their move against the Shedim, when they make it, in cooperation with Mayor Meghan Rylan. Aemon is super jealous of Toff’s new ‘relationship’ with Damon, and Toff shyly brags about his invite to Damon’s Runner Crash Pads. They rest up and then split off to handle their various jobs.

Salem Sidetrip
5/27/2016, 2:19:47 PM
Runners:
Christopher Toff
and introducing: Sanquals Love

Toff takes off from the rest of the team after the stadium run, feeling it is time to follow his true calling in Boston, and seek out the Children of the Dragon up in Salem. From A.J., he has the contact info for a local fixer named Aseela, and knows that the local Dragon church head is a woman named Helva Brightwing, so he feels he has the needed legwork done, and heads north. He considers a brief stop by MIT&T, but the police cordon convinces him otherwise.

Mama’s Boys get him to the Charles river, and a travel pass from Mayor Meghan Rylan gets him past various official security checkpoints, but he mostly tries to stay out of sight (fearing the various wandering gangs, infected, and corrupt officials who have come to prominence in the QZ). Hearing that the 128 runs all the way up, but is thought to be dangerous, due to survivalists, go-gangs, corp experiments on the loose (the Wilds are a favorite dumping ground), and roaming head cases, Toff decides to stick to the Wilds: wilderness interspersed with semi-fortified suburbs & dotted with survivalist communities, go-gangs, & secret corp facilities.

He summons a guidance spirit to approve his plan, and it does (cryptically) tell him that so long as he stays off of, but near to the road, and uses his powers to fly and remain invisible, he should reach his destination. The spirit appears in the guise of an old-timey Red Sox player and is scratching notes in a small gambling book while prophesizing, but doesn’t seem to bear Toff any ill will for his role in blowing up the stadium. Toff decides to scout some of the Boston Enclaves that are on his way, in order to update AJ’s file. He also continues mapping the Dragon Leyline, which conveniently seems like a good beacon for his flight path: he obviously is making the right choice.

The first day goes fine, but as night falls Toff starts getting the feeling that something is stalking him. He’s been focussed on studying/following the leyline, which seems to wend its way through the woods, roughly parallel to the highway but a ways set back. The area around it seems to be abundantly overgrown, even for this wild area, and many of the plants don’t look local (and some even have an astral signature). Sadly he doesn’t know much about flora, but he documents what he can.

After coming to an awareness of his potentially perilous situation, he moves a bit higher off the ground and finds a tree to get some rough rest in for short spell, and try to spot his pursuer (if any). He hears some occasional soft noises of movement in the brush below, and pick up some non-metahuman auras with notable essence loss, but are unable to spot them. However, his spellcraft is sufficient to save him from them as well it seems, as after a restless night with little sleep, the sun rises to find him unmolested by man or beast.

Scouting settlements along the way, he updates the Enclaves file as follows:

Lynn seems overrun by ragers and shamblers (as speculated), though there are some “norms” hanging about (possibly still head cases, given that they seem to be mingling just fine)

Lynn Wilds definitely something going on here, aspected astral space, but Toff can’t tell exactly what. He feels a bit like he is about to be someone/something’s prey while nearby though.

Nahant has a weird vibe, possibly related to the secret lab AJ mentioned? Reminds Toff a bit of the astral feel of the CZ in Chicago….

Malden is totally closed off- he gets a weird vibe- doesn’t see much external movement, but there are a good amount of drones and some large new contructions rising inside the town’s newly fortified walls. Looks a bit more fortress-y than antenna-y, but definitely seems like there are at least some head cases

Swampscott feels very Aztlan/ Aztechnology, just south of Salem (confirms AJ’s suspicions in his journal)

He plans to check on Peabody once he is established in Salem, following up on Smedley Pembrenton III‘s request to investigate a “cure” being offered there. He decides to head around Salem to the west, as he had heard that the Church is established in the North, and forces potentially hostile to them in the South. He gets around city with no problem, there’s a heavy Aztechnology presence in the vicinity but he manages to avoid their patrols. Salem itself seems fairly balkanized, with a alot of astral watchers and spirit patrols, as well as some heavy mojo in the air/various spell barriers around the town. Mostly Wiccan, but also some other traditions floating around the various camps.

Toff can tell that the Dragon Leyline terminates in Salem/seems to originate from there- likely multiple (years?) of rituals were used to build it up, based on it’s strength/presence on the astral, this seems to be the power point that started it, though it has been shaped/guided/powered up elsewhere as well. He can feel a general draconic vibe, especially near the north side of town.

He can’t find much in the way of open structures to rest in, but he does eventually encounter an older human male named Sanquals Love patrolling the outskirts of town. He offers to take Toff into town to meet with the local Dragon Church. Love seems somewhat skeptical of the Church, but Toff gets at least a pro-Damon vibe from him (also makes sense given where he is geographically in town). He gets the feeling Love is mostly annoyed by the divisiveness/drama in general. Also the newest guidance spirit told Toff that “A friendly guide will soon appear, though where your path leads remains unclear.”

They successfully get into town with only a small encounter with an angry spirit on the way. They manage to link up with the Dragon Church, and meet Helva Brightwing, who seems to be the head of operations here. She is welcoming on the surface, but they get a feeling she is holding something back, and perhaps seems a bit suspicious of both runners. Love seems to get a lot of odd looks around town, though no-one is outright rude or anything. Brigthwing offers them housing in the northside of town, which they have taken over, and asks what they hope to do here. She says she is of course always happy for more assistance, as it is a high pressure zone.

A man named Ash, with bright red hair and wearing an immaculate white trench coat, shows them their quarters, and tells them that they ought to rest after the journey. He prods Toff a little bit for stories of the way up, and seems reasonably knowledgable about Church stuff, at least as it relates to dragons, though they don’t get the feeling he is an actual member. Love says he’s seen him around a bit recently, and feels like he is a runner in town for work. Love seems pretty new to the shadows, and suggests that these activities might be why people are acting strangely towards him.

Love introduces Toff to Aseela, the local wiccan fixer. She is conversing with a runner named Astralchild, who is wearing a leather duster over a full leather suit, carrying a large sword, and accompanied by a spirit that he introduces as Druce, who also wields a blade. They take off, on their own business, and Aseela asks what she can do for them. Having heard that Toff knew AJ, Aseela also says there is an elf named Testinchen who wants a word when Toff has a chance.

Talking more with Brightwing the next day, they get the feeling she is trying to feel out their specific loyalties to different factions within the Church- she decides Toff has passed he test, though Love is unable to fully conceal his general disdain for religion. Other than that, she seems wary but glad to have more helpers on hand, though she’s very cold towards Love. She still accepts both his and Toff’s offerings of assistance with healing magic. She seems like a powerful mage, very much following Dragon as a totem. She also seems much more hardline than Toff, as well as a bit paranoid. She respects Toff’s intellectual vigor in combining his various beliefs into a semi-coherent worldview, but heavily encourages him to initiate through the Dragon Church and devote himself to Big D’s will- which is of course why he is here.

With assensing, they get this breakdown on the rest of the people they met: Aseela seems like a classic Wiccan, prob about their power level. Ash seems powerful but is using a masking initiate power, though he is also using it in such a way that one can tell he is using it (which implies that he wants people to know, and also that he is fairly skilled). So they don’t get a good read on his power level. Astralchild and Druce both seem around their power level, and have a similar vibe to Ro, though maybe a stronger affinity (some sort of Druidic Wise Warrior totem). Toff and Love see them practicing some sort of intricate sword-fighting art with each other, also. Testinchen is totally non-magic, and very cybered-up, but seems to have been here a while.

They don’t pick up any signs of CFD infection while scanning around town, and don’t see any headcases. They ask around for more info, but no one is initially very forthcoming- Love knows the town is trying to put some hard losses behind them, having been present for some of the cleanses. Aseela also warns them that Testinchen is very picky as to who he works with, and carefully vets all jobs and Johnsons, as he holds his code very dear. He won’t work with the same team twice, though he will sometimes re-team with individual members who lived up to his ideals. Aseela also seems a bit weird around Love, like doesn’t really address him directly and is somewhat uncomfortable in his presence, though they know each other reasonably well.

Testinchen wants info about AJ from Toff, specifically wether AJ is truly dead. He seems to have a strong bushido code, and they get the feeling AJ pulled a fast one on him on a past run in NYC, which is why Testinchen wound up in Boston when the walls went up. He seems fairly open, and doesn’t try to conceal any of this from you- he seems like he mostly wanted an apology. When Toff tells him AJ is dead (along with most or all of his team), he seems a bit distraught, and says that he must seek the people who did this, as they have taken away the chance to repair the stain to his honor. Toff eventually gives him the details that he has, in exchange for a promise to share anything that Testinchen uncovers, as he seems honorable enough. Testinchen departs to seek his vengeance.

While sharing tales with Ash, they discover that he has the useful skill of getting them to talk more than he is, without seeming like it. They get a strong anti-corp vibe off of him (he seems to especially dislike NeoNET and AZT), and he seems to have a lot of knowledge about the shadows, both in Boston and elsewhere. He seems to recognize some of the names Toff mentions of contacts outside the area. You get the feeling he might be specifically trying to avoid corp attention, and he seems a bit worried about the creeping corp presence in Salem, though he keeps his concern well under wraps. He also doesn’t seem to trust them enough yet to give you more info than that. Once again, Ash is a bit cool towards Love, but seems quite friendly to Toff (who is developing a bit of a crush).

Astralchild and Aseela tell Toff and Love that they might have some work for them: apparently a lot of mages/shamans/etc with ally spirits have either been assassinated themselves, or have had their ally spirits killed/disrupted. Due to the astral patrols around the QZ, it is almost (if not actually) impossible to resummon them while stuck inside. Aseela and AC seem worried, and would like them to look into if they can. They can’t pay much in the way of nuyen, but Toff and Love get the feeling it would boost their rep locally, and might be a good tool in stabilizing the situation a bit (depending on who’s responsible- it could also make it worse!). Love feels especially interested in this mission but can’t quite determine why…

Toff also seems a bit distracted, as it seems he is preparing to initiate, though he is having trouble choosing wether to stick with his current mentor (Oracle) or swap to Dragon, given the power center he is in. He generally seems very open to talking about it though, and Love tries to provide some Wiccan wisdom, giving him a history/cultural lesson in the process. Love’s main advice to Toff is that ultimately power will be the one thing that can help him get where he’s going.

Toff is starting to pick up on how everyone treats Love stange-ly, but he hasn’t gotten to the point of blocking him out yet. Love is trying to stick close, as he also doesn’t know what’s going on. Aseela gives them a few names of people around town to ask about the missing/disrupted allies/free spirits. Toff seems really fascinated with/distracted by Ash, and keeps trying to get him talking more. Ash seems to move around alot, and be a bit paranoid, but generally friendly. Some of the COTD members also treat Ash with a certain reverence…

As time goes on, Toff seems to be making a bit of an effort to avoid Love occasionally, and Love gets a feeling Toff’s been asking around about him- Toff has heard some whispers of some sort of large altercation involving Love shortly after this whole mess began. Toff also has developed a bit of a thing for Ash, and is spending time with him whenever possible. Ash seems both weary and wary of the various politics of the Church, though he seems to know a lot about dragons and their dealings/customs. He warns Toff and Love about some AZT fixers named Sandelerro and Chen who have been working in the area, and are maybe on the lookout for him. Toff also recruits Love to help him try to find Knights of the Dragon members in the Church’s ranks, on Brightwing’s behalf.

In these investigations, Love and Toff do manage to find some people amongst the Church’s followers who seem like they might at least be open to the KOD platform, if not actual members themselves. The idea that a mostly-dead dragon was brought back via some technological means (the current rumor about what’s going on), seems too much like KOD belief to not attract some converts. There is also some discontent in the rank-and-file that Brightwing has been keeping the dragon under such close guard- many believe its Big D come back and want to see for themselves and receive His blessing, while others think it is a new miracle (and time for new leadership!).

Digging deeper into the weird behavior towards Love, Toff questions him. Love doesn’t remember the specific incident that occurred, but tells Toff that he lost some time around when this all started, and hasn’t been able to find his elderly parents anywhere, and fears the worst. Toff decides to leave it at that for now.

Looking into the spirit stuff, they pick up some more rumors and hints, which leads them to a few specific people/places where spirits (and sometimes their metahuman allies) were disrupted/killed. Many of the places have the taint of blood magic, and the names Sandelerro and Chen pop up again as possible involved parties… However, some of the sites have a distinctly hermetic feel, very separate from both the blood tradition, and the Wiccan/dragon magic that suffuses the area. Supposedly some well-armed and armored corp military types were seen in the near vicinity of each attack also.
Love calls a powerful beast spirit to help track culprits in the investigation. Most roads point to the attack originating from a school in Swampscott, and from asking around, they know that the 2 fixers AZT named Sandelerro and Chen are based out of there when in town. Local intel also confirms AJ’s journals that the school is a base of ops for AZT forces in the area. The hermetic attacks are a bit harder to track than the blood magic ones, but still stand out on on the local manasphere (being non-draconic/non-Wiccan), and suggest that someone in the NeoNET camp is likely behind them. You know that Zoh Rothberg, the voice of the great dragon Celedyr, has been coordinating NN activities up here. Ro has an in with her, but they don’t. Zoh’s personal guard all seem a bit strange though- very similar auras/astral signatures. Not quite identical, but abnormally close.

They decide to set a trap for some of the spirit hunters, and recruit Atralchild, Druce and Ash to assist. Using Sanquals as bait, they pick a spot near the water in North Salem (it seems like most of the attacks have occurred when people/spirits were isolated/alone/trying to leave). A hit squad shows up: 4 corpsec goons in body armor and a mage. They spring their trap, and everyone is a little horrified at Sanquals’ massive fireball. Ash explodes another guard, and Toff sees a ghostly draconic mask over his face as he casts, suggesting that Ash may be a drake or dragon, which would explain a lot. Astralchild and Druce take out the remaining guard, while Toff and Sanquals tagteam the mage. Toff mind probes him briefly, and confirms their suspicions: it is a coordinated, multi-corp effort to keep any news from Salem getting out to the QZ at large, or from the QZ out to the world. Whatever actually happened in Boston, the corps are trying to keep it secret for now. They let the mage flee, and confirm that he retreats to the main NeoNET base. So 1 less hit squad, at least. They report their findings, and get paid.

This also seems to help a little bit with Love’s mysterious shunning, as Aseela now at least includes him if not addressing him directly. They decide to look into KOD infiltration of the Church further, and find the most hard core individuals have kind of banded together. Some of the newer converts/possible converts are more vocal than they should be about believing that it is time to overthrow Brightwing, even after Toff warns them off. Many of the suspect people seem merely distrustful of BW’s motives: if it is Big D returned, why won’t she show them? And if not, what is she hiding? Toff doesn’t entirely disagree, but won’t promise to help them either. The runners avoid an outright fight, but it seems they believe that Toff’s loyalties are with BW. Also, they tell him that Love is kind of an out of control caster and killed a bunch of people when this all started, but won’t give more details.

Aseela offers another job, on behalf of Damon: find out who’s been trashing his BAD supplies that are growing along the leyline. The team agrees, and heads down to scout it out. They find some damaged areas with assensing, but have to sneak through anti-dragon Wiccans and Humanis turf to get there, and get spotted before reaching their goal. They kill 3 fanatic Humanis goons and scare off the 3 Wiccan mages with non-fatal wounds. Finding a damaged site along the leyline, they investigate, and find a large amount of evidence pointing at Humanis as the likely funder/culprity, with some Wiccan involvement. Having just trashed 1 group in a hard fight, they decide to hire out the rest of the job, and hire some local entry-level runners who are kicking around to take down as many Humanis chapter members as they can. A dwarf street sam named Halfstack leads the team, and they succeed with light casualties. Toff pays them, and says he’ll be in touch if he needs more work done. Damon offers them free entertainment at his clubs while in Boston (within reason), and also gives Toff a commcode to use to reserve use of Damon’s international collection of safe runner crash pads, as well as a list of cities where they are. Toff is thrilled.

They get a little more info about Love’s background- apparently he’s new to the shadows, and was more of an international pro-Wiccan assassin beforehand. His parents were very involved in Salem, however, and were some of the group of seers who had predicted the coming of a fiery dragon, bearing death and destruction. Many thought that this was Jormungand, during Crash 2.0, and many others later thought it was Damon. But it seems it was most likely the current situation: a reanimated dragon, dripping nanotech. His parents, himself, and many others went out to see what was coming and try to stop if before it reached the town proper, and something went wrong. Somehow, Love channelled far too much mana, and although he somehow survived, everyone (and everything) near him was incinerated, including his parents. But it did help limit the spread of CFD in Salem, and gave the Church people time to start their ritual and bring the dragon down. So people have a complicated view of Love: he killed many, but possibly saved more?

They next investigate the “cure” being offered in Peabody, and find that the area around the town is suspiciously empty of life, and surveilled by drones. As they get closer, they see a bunch of ragers and shamblers acting very strangely- they seem to be on patrol. They don’t have any intelligence behind their eyes, but are moving almost like security drones would. They hide out an astrally project ahead to find out what’s up. It looks like a group of Dissonant Technomancers, possibly even some of the same ones from the train station, have set up shop here, with some large servers and some sort of odd machine-god shrine haphazardly set up in a community center. They also have a bunch of crash beds, where more dissonants seem to indeed be rigging the CFD infected, somehow. They spot Love’s astral manifestatiob, and send the rigged infected after them. They sneak away, luckily not getting spotted, as the security turnout looks intense, and make it back to Salem.

Aseela offers to courier that info (and a general update) to Smedley/Ro, in exchange for Toff filling her in as well, and providing some details about some events in Boston. he agrees, and they trade. Aseela says she had heard rumors that people had been making their way to Peabody and not returning, and that a lot of odd tech had headed that way as well. Also, whispers of the named “Deus”, which she hopes aren’t true…. Aseela seems to have largely gotten over Love’s earlier behavior by now, given the good he’s been doing for the community, and he feels a little better knowing what happened, though not everything is explained: apparently his aura changed a bit after the accident, and it still isn’t clear how exactly he survived.

Toff finally returns to BW to try to make peace within the Church. He tells her she needs to bring the disaffected members in or she will have a revolt on her hands. She acknowledges his point, but says that she can’t: she is choosing the lesser of 2 evils. She says she can’t say more unless Toff initiates, but Oracle warns him to continue thinking critically, and he declines. He makes a deal to hand over the names he gathered and vow his silence, in exchange for a full explanation instead. She reluctantly agrees, and brings him to the gutted basement of the large building they’ve taken over. There, he sees a ritual circle with 12 exhausted high-level Church members on IV’s (and 12 more crashed in beds/pallets around the edges in reserve). Inside is the dragon Eliohann writhes and spits, seizuring wildly and totally out of control.

As Toff watches, the barrier holding him in bulges out under the force of his blows, and it seems the Church barely has him contained. BW says it has been like this since they brought him here from the lake, and that this thing, whatever it truly is, cannot be Dunkelzahn returned. Seeing the nanites crawling over it’s scaled hide, Toff is inclined to agree. However, as BW says, all draconic life is precious, and must be protected, especially as this seems to have some sort of sick corp experiment. She beseeches Toff to keep it secret for now, and try to find out what exactly was done to Eliohann’s body to put it in this state- there are moments where something intelligent seems to take over, but then it slips under again, and worse yet, it is not always the same personality that emerges in these moments.

Toff agrees to research further, and BW gives him the rough locations of 3 ritual sites which she says are linked to this abomination’s creation. She fears the corp’s wanted a controllable dragon, a terrifying thought. She says she can help get him back to Boston proper to look into these sites, and provides Toff with a quiet room where he finally initiates to Oracle, making it official. Although she disapproves of his choice, she respects his intellect. Meanwhile, Love has been doing some serious thinking about his recent past and next steps, and although he is feeling less shunned, he still feels leaving Salem might be best, so he decides to turn to the shadows fulltime, accompanying Toff to Boston.

Boston Part 10
5/16/2016, 2:15:34 PM
Runners
Ro Tain
Aemon Burst
Toast
Senk Gethin
Aomame 2-Chrome

The team gets job info from their various Johnsons: Sandelerro and Chen, who seem to work for Aztechnology, want them to plant info on a Knight Errant station mainframe. Getting a bit paranoid, the team has Jane scope the data, and she reports that it is very similar to the data they just stole in the last mission, except it has been altered to remove AZT involvement, and play up Creech’s role at Evo. Deciding that this is just some inter-corp squabbling, the team feels a bit relieved.

They also check with DJ and Sarah McCarthy about this particular KE station. Sarah doesn’t have much intel, but gives them what she does- she is still seeking the truth and pushes them a bit on what they’ve uncovered recently. DJ gets them schematics, and clears their entrance into the MCZ with the cordon guards again, but also wants them to report back on the station: it may be fully infected, and he’s heard reports that uniformed officers have been rounding up survivors on the inside to “keep them safe” but making no effort to get the out, which worries him. He wants the team to rescue any available survivors, and take out any infected KE personnel. They agree.

Smedley Pembrenton III gives them an address to pick up supplies in the CZ and also to drop them off in the MCZ. The team gets to the first address and meet an attractive woman with a CAS drawl, who introduces herself as Penelope Xavier, aka Penny. Aemon gets a crush and flirts a bit, and she says she’ll take him up on his dinner offer if they help her out with a job: she offers a ton of money to get into the MIT&T, and turn on a series of relays and a main terminal in order to get some secret data for her and some of her colleagues. They agree, since they’ll be on campus for the delivery anyway.

Meanwhile, Ro has managed to distract the bear during the last mission, get out of the MCZ, and get some implant upgrades courtesy of Musa Matevosian and Doc Wagon. She has to trade in a bit of gear as she’s short on cash. Also, the doctor’s seem very interested in her unique physiology, and accidentally spill the beans to her that she is a cloned body- apparently Renraku Computer Systems had to transfer her brain (or just consciousness?) over to enable the experimental ‘ware overload they put into her. The doctor’s are quite impressed, as Ro’s magic remained intact, suggesting possibly some sort of CFD/blood magic combo, they say.

Ro is obviously distressed, and turns to her PAB machine to try to provide counseling. However, the PAB is really pushing a pro-Renraku stance, which initially works to reassure Ro but increasingly creeps her out. She gets ahold of Smedley, grabs more supplies, and rejoins the team on the way in. She only tells Aemon about her “issue”, and he sympathizes and suggests she try to find the killswitch that Renraku likely implanted, before leaving Boston. Ro agrees, but wants to focus on the mission for now.

They decide to do the MIT&T leg first, so they can unload the supplies. They find the campus cordoned off and overrun by thousands of decrepit, decaying shamblers (the student body hahahahaha). This seems to be possibly the epicenter or original incident site? Not wanting to try to get through, and with the impression from their surveillance that the more intelligent infected and ragers have already escaped the cordon, they find a building likely to connect to the old steam tunnels under the school, and launch some flashbangs nearby to distract the shamblers in the area. They race to the building and get inside without getting spotted. Jane keeps their cargo drone moving, and seems to have a knack for keeping it out of sight.

They kill some infected inside, and work their way into the tunnels, which unfortunately have anywhere from 1-7 inches of standing water in them, crawling with CFD. They brace themselves and head in, managing to get most of the way to their destination before being set on by a pack of infected Fenrir guard wolves. Toast and 2 Chrome are instantly sent fleeing in fear by the wolves’ howls, but the rest of the team manages to shake it off and drive the pack off, though they take some severe damage in the process- these things bite hard! They rush to magnetics lab, and head upstairs.

Everyone except Toast (the only one with no implants), feels a terrible humming noise in their heads, as if both from within and without. Senk gets instantly cranky and irritable. They sneak across the open lobby of the building, carefully not getting spotted by the massive shambler horde outside. They find the lab they seek, and are ushered in by a manservant drone with a monitor for a face, through which they meet Dr. Brain. He introduces himself as the “Master of Magnetics”, and says they can call him MoM. He thanks them for the supplies, and runs Toast, Aemon, and some of their gear through an intense jury-rigged series of whirling magnets, which he says should take care of any lingering nanites that haven’t gotten in yet.

He offers them a magnetic field device (basically a portable version of the field on his lab), which he calls the “crazy repeller”, and which he says seems to keep shamblers at bay. They also trade their cargo drone for a 2nd unit, with the promise to deliver 3 more partway across campus, to the Brain Research Labs, where a colleague named Dr. Volt is trying to regain access to his labs, and begin his own essential experiments. They head back into the tunnels, leapfrogging the units (they only work when stationary), to get to Volt’s lab. They find him holed up in the basement, and he requests their assistance in reaching his labs.

They agree, and using the repellers as safe zones, work their way up the building, killing some trapped ragers and shamblers on the way. The field seems most effective against shamblers, the ragers get confused and slow a bit but keep coming. Useful intel to pass onto Brain! They reach the lab, and Volt convinces them to help capture and restrain 4 shamblers trapped inside, one of which is his niece. After convincing the team that he understands that she is gone, and merely needs subjects, they agree to help, and he pays them a small sum. They make it back to Brain’s with the last of their juice, and rest up in the safety of his larger field (though not all are able to rest well- the humming keeps 2 Chrome and Ro up all night). They recharge the units, heal up a bit, and prepare to head down to the basement to find those relays for Penny.

Boston Part 9
5/13/2016, 10:37:33 PM
Runners
Ro Tain
Aemon Burst
Toast
Senk Gethin
Aomame 2-Chrome

On behalf of Creech, the Evo-seeming fellow who hired them, the team re-enters the MCZ, none too excited at the prospect. Ro splits off to distract the infected piasma, while the team does the gig. They also hire on Jane for her first proper run, after promising Smedley Pembrenton III to keep her safe-ish. They reach the destination without much trouble, it seems that most of the infected have packed up, so they stick to the picked-over areas and avoid them.

They find that the target building is a small house, suspiciously the only non-looted structure on it’s block. Based on their investigations, they determine that there are likely still active defenses (drone or human), and there are a huge number of sensors mounted on the house exterior (though somewhat disguised). They start surrounding the house, and Aemon and Toast come under fire. The team responds in kind, and Senk blows open the front door. Senk and Aemon dive through just before security shutters slam down over all the house’s portals. Toast and 2Chrome head to the roof to try to find a way in.

Toast lights the roof on fire, planning to wait for it to burn enough that he can jump through. 2Chrome starts prepping a desperate escape, as the house is rapidly becoming surrounded by shamblers attracted by the gunfire and explosions. Aemon and Senk get in a firefight inside while Jane ducks and covers. They take out 2 guards before 2 more retreat to the house’s basement while laying down suppression with rifles and grenades. Senk finds a vault in the basement, as well as a few months of supplies, which seems to have been used at about the expected rate. Toast finally smashes through the roof, and crashes down into the kitchen, taking some damage, but manages to catch 2C as she follows, landing on his debris pile.

Senk starts rigging a charge for the vault door as Jane takes over the sensor systems to prevent the guards inside knowing. However, 2C manages to convince them to hand over the data they seek in exchange for an escort to the wall, along with backing up the guard’s story that their facility got overrun. They don’t seem happy about having gotten stuck in here, and although they seem on guard, Jane confirms that they seem to have handed over the correct data at least. The site’s spider, Hans Yolo sets off some exterior noisemakers to attract the shambler horde to one side of the house, while opening a security shutter on the far side for the team to sneak out.

They make haste for the wall, and manage to take down the pack of ragers they encounter without attracting more. They reach the Knight Errant quarantine cordon, and start to enter, when they 2 remaining security from the site (who seem to be NeoNET affiliated), report that the runners are in possession of stolen NN data. Yolo seems to feel bad about the whole exchange at least. 2C manages to stop Aemon from getting them all in a sure-to-lose gunfight, and gets the guards to go easy on them once they hand over the data. Jane tells them it’s no problem, and indeed once they clear quarantine, she manages to retrieve her copy, seemingly using a sprite she had compiled for the task.

She tells them it seems to be project data about a few of the secret projects they uncovered during the Gilgamesh Initiative raid. It also confirms that NN, Evo, and Aztechnology were indeed all involved in Project Vulcan, which seems to have originated in NN and Evo’s in-house e-ghost investigation secret projects. They pass along the data to Creech, who seems a bit off, and stock up on supplies. They also get the rundown on the latest in the Leather District from Smedley.

Bozeman has vanished, after coming under some suspicion of involvement in the ongoing sabotage (Smedley doesn’t think it was him though…). There was also an assault by a well-armed hit squad of some sort with an unknown goal, but Buster’s increasingly pro militia managed to fight them off once they were discovered. 2C worries these might be bounty hunters on her tail. The Neutral Ground board has been updated a bit too: apparently someone gained control of the crystalline entity, and used it to take out some French Gendarmes, as well as the bodyguard Barzhin, at an Ares training facility. This was also where Ares was supposedly testing their weaponized CFD program, according to the GI files. Worrying, as all signs point to The Black Lodge as the culprits…

Yolo contacts them and apologizes for the betrayal- he says he didn’t know it was coming, and that he bailed on the guards soon after, worried that he might “know too much” for the corp to let him live at this point. He tells them that the ritual conducted at the pyramid building was apparently tied to something going on in a secret facility under Northeastern University, and that the guard leader had him scrub that data before he handed stuff over to the team. Toast also gets a message with an address from Velenthial, but gets spooked when he goes to check it out and doesn’t go in, deciding to wait for backup. Worried at Ro’s continued absence, and with another few job offers, the team decides (semi-willingly) to head back into the MCZ. An Aztlaner with an odd giggle and a Japanese Oni hire them to plant some data on a server in a KE substation, and Smedley needs them to deliver some supplies. They gear up, and head out to pick up the supplies from Smedley’s contact….

Boston Part 8
4/17/2016, 10:55:01 PM
Runners
Ro Tain
Aemon Burst
Toast
Senk Gethin
Aomame 2-Chrome

The team heads into the MCZ aka the MIT&T Containment Zone, to rescue a small survivor community that Aiden Wagner and DJ McCarthy have been in touch with. They were trying to help them plan an escape from the MCZ, but lost touch 3 days back. Aiden gives the team the necessary clearances to enter on an “approved” rescue/salvage, and says they should also be able to get back out so long as no-one is infected.

They head to the MCZ, and find it surrounded by 4 layers of fencing with killzones in between. In the center is a pathway and various buildings where the Knight Errant drones and guards are based out of. They don’t seem super invested on keeping people out, or evening patrolling the Zone, so much as keeping things in. The teams hears distant gunfire and sees smoke from various locations as they enter.

They make their way to the address they were given, after scaring off a small pack of ghouls on the way. Toast infiltrates the target building from above while the rest of the team breaches from the street. They get in a running gun battle with a large group of CFD shamblers, who almost bring Aemon down, before his incendiary grenades and Senk’s new gyro-mounted LMG take them out (for now). They flee to the fire escape and head up to meet Toast, having assensed a large incoming infected horde, attracted by the explosions.

They find the apartment where the survivors were supposed to be, but it looks like they left about when Aiden lost contact, luckily Toast finds a note with the new address. They prepare to flee the building via the roofs, and they herd on the street starts crashing against the base of the building. Toast splits off from the group, and using some flare arrows, manages to draw much of the herd’s attention away as his team flees to an adjacent roof via leaping and grapple guns, and sneaks down to ground level. They head for the second address, but Aemon spots someone signalling them from a high level of a condo tower nearby. Ro zooms in and sees a ragged man flashing a light. He waves a commlink once he sees she’s spotted him, and they talk briefly (to avoid calling more infected to the area).

He says he has a small group of survivors, but they are holed up on the 14th floor, and the building has a large amount of infected inside which they don’t think they can get past without help. He also thinks someone has been collecting the infected there and may be controlling them in some way. They enter the building after some astral recon, and manage to avoid a large group of shamblers on the 3rd floor by sneaking past. The doors off the fire escape stairs all seem to have been broken open, but are closed at the moment. They reach the survivor group, who really want to leave, but Ro insists on investigating the other large group of auras on the roof. Senk begins leading the survivors down, with 2 Chrome encouraging them along and Aemon bringing up the rear.

Ro sets off a noisemaker opening the door to the roof and gets rushed by over a dozen ragers- she flees down the stairs after setting off a grenade, which seems to have also alerted the shamblers below, as they start up the stairs. Trapped in the middle, the survivors panic and 2 Chrome leads them across the 6th floor to the opposite corner and the other stairwell. Senk and Aemon set up a choke point to wait for Ro, who comes racing down the stairs and past Aemon into the floor. After some fancy explosives work and some slick shooting, they make good their escape, though Ro once again insists on investigating the roof. As far as she can tell, there was no obvious mechanism of control present, and it seems that the ragers were simply trapped there.

She heads back down the stairs, but finds that some of the infected have reanimated and occupied the lower portions of both stairwells. Luckily, she still has Senk’s grapple gun, and manages to exfiltrate out a window at the last moment as the pack closes in on her again. They decide to guide the survivors back to the wall before finding the original group they sought, and do so without incident. However, Aemon pases out from his injuries, so they head back out without him. Luckily, Toast finally rejoins them. They reach the rendevouz address, and find a house with 4 ragers and about 30 shamblers outside, and 4 auras within. Ro and Toast snipe the ragers, silently, from a distance, and then Ro hollers at the ragers, and leads them off on a chase while the rest of the team gets the survivors inside out.

They are part of the original group, but say they got split up after they got spotted on the road- they have another rally point they think the others might be at. The team brings these survivors back to the wall, except one who guides them to the rally point. They find a horrifying scene- hundreds of shamblers, well over a dozen ragers, and what seems to be an infected piasma (aka a large horned bear) have surrounded the house, where 6 survivors wait on the roof. Two with pistols are perched on the roofline, while the other 4 are seemingly trying to rest while lying in the roof further down, tied to each other over the ridge to keep from falling.

As they watch, the ragers leap at the edges of the roof, but seem unable to reach it- the gutters have all been pulled down, and the lower shingles are ragged and torn. The piasma occasionally reaches into the 20 meter deep ring of shamblers and chucks one up on the roof, which the 2 women with guns are quick to dispatch, though they seem to be careful with their ammo. Toast shoots over a pair of grapple gloves and a note explaining their plan, and then he and Ro infiltrate into position to snipe the piasma from a ways away.

Ro makes her shot, and the piasma reacts disturbingly quickly, turning on a dime and charging in her direction. Toast tries to follow up, but biffs it, so the team decides to proceed with their plan. Senk gets to a high position on a house across the street, and fires the grapple gun over. They survivors anchor the line, and one hauls themselves across with the gloves. A small group of shamblers and a few ragers follow, but aren’t in the building yet. A second survivor gets across, but much slower, attracting more attention from the herd below- ragers leaping at their feet but not quite reaching and such.

The group moves locations after retrieving the grapple, and resets the line. Another survivor attempts to make the crossing, but falls halfway after losing their grip. Toast shoots their other pair of gloves across, and another survivor makes the crossing. A sizable portion of the herd is closing on their new building as a 5th survivor tries to cross, but also loses their grip and falls, triggering a feeding frenzy. Lacking any more gloves, Senk cuts the line and they flee out the back of the building as the herd surges in, after 2 Chrome shouts at them (and tells the remaining survivor to attempt to leap off the back end once it clears).

They collect the survivors they were able to rescue and and retreat the the wall. Meanwhile, Ro takes another shot at the piasma, but misses now that it knows it is targeted. It also seems to have her scent or have heard her, based on its demeanor. A small group of ragers have raced off after it as well. Ro leaps out the back of the building and runs for the wall, but the piasma seems able to outpace her, exhibiting terrifying speed. She fires at it as she runs, winging it once before it reaches her and swipes her with one of its massive paws. Luckily she manages to resist much of the damage, and drops the piasma with her rifle. Not wishing to stick around and wait for the ragers, she leaves before confirming that it is truly dead, and races back to the wall.

They get paid, and get a thankful message from Aiden passed to them by a KE guard. 2 Chrome manages to secure some rations for them, as well as a silencer for Senk’s machine gun and some medical supplies. They seem unwilling to sell them ammo or much else, though. The survivors have all been placed in quarantine, looking for “encephalitis”, before being moved outside the MCZ. They suggest if the team wants to shop further, they can do the same. However, they get another job offer from Zoh Rothberg to turn around and head back in instead. They negotiate a bit for pay, and get a sizable offer to go find and MIT&T lab, gather evidence and data, and make sure no one else gets the info.

They accept, and head back into the zone. They reach the pyramid building with no trouble, and find an Aztechnology -sponsored lab complex. They infiltrate the museum on the ground floor, and prepare to seek Lab 15, hopefully avoiding the large amount of spirits and other auras they’ve spotted from outside. They find that the first floor is a museum explaining what is worked on elsewhere in the building: seemingly primarily cultural thaumaturgy and luck magic (on the 13th floor!). They assume lab 15 is likely to be on the 15th floor.

They get in a fight with a rager while headed to the elevators, and come under attack from a trio of spirits who seem to be defending the rager. They defeat them, and deduce that the rager is an infected security guards, and the spirits were most likely commanded to assist them, pre-infection. So they decide to avoid further fights, where possible. The elevators are out, so they take the stairs to the 2nd floor, but decide to grapple up the elevator shaft after sensing some auras further up the stairs. There’s an awful smell when they open the elevator doors, and there seems to be a large corpse pile on top of the car at the bottom of the shaft.

They get up to floor 12, deciding not to risk passing floor 13 in the shaft, as there seems to be some sort of odd magic leaking out of the cracked open door. They take the stairs past 13, with a few of them improbably eating it in the process. They reach the 15th floor, and find the lab they’re looking for, as well as what looks to be the remains of a ritual of some sort. The whole center are of the triangular floor is one large chamber, with a glass barrier that’s cracked and crazed as if from a large explosion of the inside. They head down the hall along one side, looking for an entrance into the lab, when Ro, Toast, and Aemon all drop unconscious unexpectedly. After stim patches bring them to, they figure out that they passed through a mana ward of some sort, and only 2-Chrome (with a high enough force of will) and Senk (non-magical) were able to go through unmolested.

They get to the door, and Senk pops it. They enter, and find an arcane sigil carved into the floor, with the points of the triangle and the pentagram within marked with candles and incense burners. Ro determines that the ritual would have been related to centering and binding something, and the draconic feel in the air, they figure this fits with their emerging theory of what exactly kicked off this whole mess- this ritual would have been a crucial component of merging Cerberus with Eliohann’s body. They document the scene and try to pull data off the room’s terminals, with limited success. They attempt to leave, but are halted by 4 large spirits. They fight 3 of them off, but are getting pretty roundly pummelled, when a mage runs into the room and banishes the last one.

The mage is accompanied by 3 more, and they introduce themselves as the remaining security staff for the facility- they’ve been getting supplies, but no word on rescue, and are willing to pay the team to get them out. 2-Chrome talks them into trading some invisibility potions instead of pay to help them creep out, and also to provide the info they needed off the terminal. They get it quickly, as the lab is well and truly on fire at this point. They hightail it out, and make for the fence. Ro tries to steal a lucky dice from an exhibit in the museum, but finds it distressingly hot to the touch, and decides to leave it. They’ve almost reached the wall when they realize something is following them- worried it’s the piasma returning, Ro and Aemon decide to make a last stand as everyone else continues their retreat.

The piasma seems to have circled around them somehow, but luckily Aemon spots it astrally as it sneaks up. Ro and Aemon get some shots off before Ro gets ko’d, and Aemon pulls out all the stops to blast it. It sends him tumbling, and runs off before anyone can get another shot. They flee, hauling Ro, and reach the wall. 2-Chrome tells the guards about the mages, who seem to have snuck through the quarantine with magic, and the guards lock the crossing down. Looks like the team isn’t going anywhere for now! After Ro wakes up, she calls Zoh, and they get paid. She also receives a call from someone named Creech, who seems to work for Evo Corporation, based on his overall trashumanist vibe.

He wants them to head right back into the MCZ and get some more info. 2C manages to negotiate a day of rest, some supplies, and some upfront money out of him, but for a reduced rate overall. They agree on terms, and he gives them the deets. They restock, getting supplies delivered via a guard he’s bribed, and rest up to head out the next day.

Boston Part 7
4/17/2016, 10:54:37 PM
Runners
Ro Tain
Aemon Burst
Toast
Senk Gethin
Aomame 2-Chrome

Having eliminated the Thankyou threat (for now), the team decides to do the Gilgamesh Initiative lab raid, at Alice’s behest. They ram through the layered security fences, taking some electrical damage, and fight off a series of spider drones with LMG’s, before reaching the facility itself. Senk blows the front door with a missile, and they exchange grenades with 2 security guards inside. They KO them with gas, and 2-Chrome executes them in their armored booth, frustrated at not being able to break in.

Senk blows another interior door, and they advance up a killing hallway under fire from a gunport at the far end. Senk manages to get a lube grenade through the port, and they rush the door, blowing it open also. Ro eats it on the lube, as her and Aemon exchange fire with 4 of the Cytechs, who they heard rumors might be here. After a brutal slog of a fight, they finally defeat the Cytechs, with Aemon and Ro both almost killed. They manage to salvage a bit of their gear before their cranial bombs detonate.

Alice/April has snuck past them and is hacking an undamaged terminal at the far end of the room, and hollers at the team to clear the rest of the facility. Ro takes a minute while Senk blows the next door, and the rest of the team kills the scientists/techs inside to stop them destroying data. Toast paralyzes one with a truth serum, and manages to get him out before the room start filling with gas. Ro hauls the prisoner out to the van, while the rest of the team blows 2 more doors, safely passing through another killing hallway luckily without defenders this time. They find the security booth, the living area (empty of personal effects), and a security spider room, where they fight another drone and kill the spider before they notice the countdown timer.

They blow the security booth glass from the inside, and escape as the building explodes and pancakes. Alice pays them and promises paydata for sale once she has filtered out anything she doesn’t want getting out. They return to the Leather District, and 2-Chrome and Alice interrogate the prisoner while everyone else heals in the hospital. Aemon buys them a Valkyrie Module, to have a priority spot to heal for free in the future. 2C and Alice get a ton of info from the tech, who seems to have been surgically and/or chemically altered to be able to operate well outside of normal ethical/moral parameters.

They are given a ton of info about the GI and it’s founder, Thomas Roxborough, a brain-in-a-jar hacker with a degenerative autoimmune disease, who is desperately obsessed with finding a new body for himself. He is apparently currently located in Tenochtitlan, Aztlan, where he still has some friends in Aztechnology, though Universal Omnitech is his primary backer these days (he is a major shareholder). He apparently had to flee their Vancouver facilities after some sort of incident, and is apparently considering retreating to a private space station, where the micro-g will help slow the dissolution of his tumorous form. They hear that Alice and someone named KAM have been his 2 primary antagonists, and Alice trapped him in the Matrix at some point in the past, which he fears happening again.

They also find out about a huge trove of other corporate projects that GI was spying on:
-The previously known Project Vulcan: some sort of CFD experiment that is a joint venture between any/all of AZT, Evo, and NeoNET.
-Project Abyss: MCT’s technomancer/Cytech experiments out of the ECSE building.
-Diablo Gardista: AZT’s collaboration with Damon to establish the dragon Leyline, seemingly as a means to grow BADs and distribute them through lil D’s clubs and international networks.
-Project Orion: Horizon’s attempt to make Dawkin’s Initiative deep cover/sleeper agents, using CFD to set them as ghostriders, triggering a personality takeover when needed.
-Project Hammer: Ares’ effort to weaponize CFD in a projectile form, likely based in their VR training facility.
-Project Viper: Ares/Unlimitech joint endeavor to develop genetic alterations exhibiting SURGE-like qualities without SURGE-ing. Speculation in the GI file suggests this could be a cover for continued ARES efforts to weaponize insect merge forms, and is based out of their base in Nahant.
-Project Heatwave: Renraku’s anti-cyberware microwave gun. Apparently a now-standard sidearm for Red Samurai in Boston at least. Supposed to work fairly well against advanced CFD-infected also.
-Project MADAR: NeoNET/Novatech collaboration to make a magnetic deflector, to use as personal protection.

Feeling that they’ve gotten about all they’re gonna get from the scientist, they destroy his head and dump him in the harbor. Correctly sensing that they are sitting on a paydata motherlode, Aemon calls Allison Sanborn to sell the anti-AZT data, and to hopefully get info re: his parents’ death. She tells him good work, pays up, and and also gets him to set her up on a date with Senk, which goes pretty well.

They sell the rest of the info through Smedley Pembrenton III, who seems thrilled to be able to use it to build connections and bulk up his rep as the go-to fixer in Boston. He gets them a good rate, and they stock up on new gear and train some new skills. They also hear rumors that a woman in full armor approached the wall, turned translucent, and walked through a haze of bullets, before disappearing into the ground. Myth? Who knows… but the physical description is uncannily similar to Alice/April. They also hear that there has been some mysterious low-grade sabotage going on in the Leather District, but no catastrophes (or strong suspects) yet. Buster’s militia seems to be getting more pro, though, with better gear, and unit patches and such.

Toast also finds out that someone took out the crystalline entity, and that there is a large bounty out for 2-Chrome, who doesn’t exactly come clean about where it came from or why, but tells the team about her bad past with Monobe International. Toast unfortunately lets slip to Bozeman that he runs with 2C, which might get out. They debate helping Velenthial out with her assassin problem, but decide to hold off and do a job for Aiden Wagner first: rescuing people from the MIT&T Containment Zone!

Boston Part 6
3/27/2016, 4:17:04 PM
Runners
Ro Tain
Aemon Burst
Toast
Senk Gethin
Aomame 2-Chrome

The runners decide to finally tackle their vamp problem, and really cement Mama’s Boys goodwill. With 2-Chrome in tow, and not being able to reach Toff, they decide to follow Mayor Meghan Rylan’s plan to try to remove some of the vamp’s ghoul supporters through diplomacy before the raid. They meet up with Cardinal Reginald Grimes, who they had previously sent some technomancers to via Viktor Markwart. Given as the Cardinal is seemingly open-minded, they propose using True Communion to bring some ghouls into the church’s protection, especially as they can “safely” eat CFD infected individuals (and also provide an emergency “cure” portentially).

The Cardinal hears them out, and says that though he can’t support the TC doctrine officially, he supports the plan, and says that he has always defined his task as protecting “ALL of God’s children.” He offers to provide some food and sanctuary at various sites around the city owned by the Church, in exchange for the ghouls doing some security work and resource gathering (as they can venture forth more safely than others, especially at night). He also hopes this will pull supporters from Fear the Dark. He volunteers the combat mage Archangel and the banisher Silke to accompany them and assist on the job.

The Mayor is thrilled to hear this, and has had her aides track down some people who are covertly still in touch with ghoul relatives. The team interviews a few, and locates 2 ghoul settlements. Ro and 2-Chrome do a good job of tag-teaming the hard sell they’re giving the ghouls, and convince most of them to leave, as well as spread the word amongst their scattered fellows. However, a few split off after shouting some infected-supremacist slogans. Toast sneaks after them, and finds what he thinks may be the entrance to the main vamp lair, but it is warded, so he calls in backup before proceeding. The rest of the team stocks up on supplies in the Nub and links up with him.

They blast through the spell barrier, and descend a perilous ladder into an open cavern that looks to be an old overflow reservoir from when the city was raised (or earlier), and has some ornate carvings of vampiric faces around the spouts pouring water in. There are some scree piles around the outside of the underwater lake, and a rubble island with a ramshackle castle atop it. They almost instantly come under attack from some ghouls armed with rifles scattered about, as well as invisible vamps using spellcraft from the castle. Silke disappears into astral to deal with spirits with Archangel backing her up, before he starts trying to keep everyone alive with heal spells.

The rest of the team gets taken down one by one, barely avoiding any actual deaths, but they manage to take out the armed ghouls just before a second wave (ha!) of unarmed ferals swarms up from underwater. A trap! They engage in close quarters combat while still trying to snipe the distant vamps when they manage to spot one. They eventually manage to take the head vamp down, although his regeneration is still working and they’ve lost LOS. Ro, wanting to finish it out, and being the last one standing, empties Senk’s grenade launcher into the castle, reducing it completely, and destroying any evidence they might have used to gain the bounty. However, Silke (terribly wounded) confrims via assensing that the vamps are for real dead.

Archangel is bleeding out from multiple wounds, and looks likely to have been exposed to the ghoul virus if he survives. The rest of the team is stable but unconscious, or near it. They prepare to attempt an escape, hoping to encounter no more foes…. and also hoping the Mayor will honor part of the bounty based solely on their word. They manage to buy off some vampiric pawns by tossing them the Renfield they found at the previous lair raid, and then 2-Chrome is nearly killed by some more FTD ghouls while helping Ro haul everyone else out of the reservoir. Luckily Ro manages to revive Aemon, who takes the ghouls out and heads off to find help. Ro sets some traps and revives Senk before passing out, and Senk judiciously uses their grenade launcher to hold off any potential interlopers.

Aemon manages to find some Mama’s Boys to help haul their wounded back to the Nub’s medical facility. Everyone gets healed up, but it seems likely that Archangel will succumb to the ghoul infection he was exposed to. Luckily the Church has clandestinely endorsed True Communion, so at least he’ll still have a home there? The team heals up and resupplies, talks the Mayor into paying a decent bounty, and participates in New Year’s festivities (aside from 2-Chrome, who goes to her sponsor’s). They put the last bits of planning in place for the hit on Thankyou with Chessick Allens-Whitehill and Alice.

They decide to split into multiple teams, using Ancients riders to get everyone around as needed. Senk will hit TY’s safehouse and the combat drone that defends it. Aemon and Toast will each take out one of the 2 surveillance/comms blimps. Ro and 2-Chrome, along with a hired hacker named “ZeroC00L” will take the battlewagon to meet with TY along with his 2 other combat drones and 2 small surveillance drones. Alice/April will take the killshot and provide cover fire. They pick a time and head out. Toast and Aemon easily handle their targets, and Senk manages to slickly dodge heavy gunfire from their, before blasting it (and the safehouse) with explosives.

The main hit goes a little rougher- Ro is nearly killed by the combat drones, as she takes one out. April takes TY out, but his CFD infection keeps trying to repair his body. 2-Chrome flees into the van, and uses its ram plate to send TY flying before finishing him off with her shock prod and pistol while April finishes off the rest of the drones from a distance with her sniper rifle. April helps load Ro into the newly-installed Valkyrie Module in the wagon, after they agree that ZeroC00L seems behind help from devastating biofeedback encountered while running matrix overwatch. They head south to the rendezvous at Ancients HQ. Toast and Senk swing by the TY meet site on the way to incinerate/explode anything remaining, before they all link up.

Ro gets them paid by the Turing Army, and gets a dead drop contact for future work with them outside of Boston. They start planning the next stage of the mission: getting into the Gilgamesh Initiative facility that TY wanted them to check out, but this time working for Alice. Toast also receives some distressing news: The Messenger has whittled Cecelia Velenthial’s security detail down to only 2, and she is starting to seem a bit desperate. Aemon agrees to help, feeling that going up against the “world’s fastest/deadliest killer” sounds like a worthy activity.

Boston Part 5
3/16/2016, 11:43:41 PM
Runners
Ro Tain
Aemon Burst
Toast
Senk Gethin
and introducing: Aomame 2-Chrome

The team stocks up on gear, weapons, armor, and allies ahead of the Fenway antenna bombing mission, expecting it to be a rough one. Zoh Rothberg has provided significant upfront funds, and Ro invests these plus some personal money in a proper battlewagon, hoping it will last longer than the last. They also pick up a local face named 2-Chrome, who has worked with Smedley Pembrenton III and Ango Tyrell before. She apparently just got off a job for DJ McCarthy, helping rescue his cousin Sarah McCarthy alongside the corp-kid Aiden Wagner. Freed from Knight Errant lockup, she is back on the lookout for any info leading to the truth of what happened in Boston, and is hiring runners to dig stuff up.

The team, with 2-Chrome’s help, rally the local Ancients and the Hellriders, getting some outriders from both go-gangs, as well as some Ancient prospects to act as spearmen and gunners in their battlewagon. They meet up with the NeoNET merc’s that Zoh sent with the explosives and missile launchers. They seem like they may be clones or possibly just all very similar builds and styles of movement? Regardless, their leader very flatly tells the team that he is there to ensure the supplies are put to the proper use, and not purloined, as well as to report back and confirm the antenna’s destruction. He seems to have no personality at all.

Senk checks out the bomb, and hooks up a timer detonator, and they roll out. 2 Ancients split off to run an area jammer on the far side of the stadium to distract the headcases inside, and Toast infiltrates on foot to get a sniper’s perch. Unfortunately, that pesky high-powered vamp is still hassling them, and sets a bunch of ragers after Toast, who goes on a wild chase around the upper levels of the stadium. Meanwhile, the outriders clear the lot while Senk blows their way into the stadium with a launcher, and Ro finishing off the barricades with a ram. They barrel through, and Ro plows straight through the hordes to the center, where the antenna awaits. It looks to be complete, or nearly so, and a large number of infected are hooked up to as some sort of human computer or signal amplifier perhaps?

Ro swings the van around, and Senk and Aemon (on Buffout!) jump out the back with the bomb. Senk sets it and they dive back in the van. Ro starts plowing back through the horde, which has reformed in their path, and some ragers swarm the back of the van. 2 Ancients are pulled out, as is Aemon’s fancy medkit, which was attached to one of them. The rest of the team escapes serious injury (and hopefully infection), and they make good their escape, with Senk laying down explosive cover fire, and some help from the merc’s outside. Unfortunately, the vamp’s spirit manages to turn Ro to stone, and 2-Chrome has to break off her thumbs to crank the wheel and avoid a crash.

They clear the parking lot just as the massive charge blows out the far wall of the stadium. They’ve lost a few outriders, but feel like they came out of the whole thing in pretty good shape. They get paid, and the mercs don’t ask for the launchers back, so they hold onto them. Time to restock and get back on the vamp hunt! They decide that’s next on the list. However, Mayor Meghan Rylan has some ideas for that: she wants Ro and Aemon to reach out to the ghoul communities that the vamps are using to bolster their numbers and try to recruit them away to the Mayor’s side, possibly using the True Communion religion as needed.

Senk checks in with the various Urban Tribes who live near her hideout, Toast undergoes an initiation ritual to up his assassin game, Ro gets her thumbs put back on, and Aemon and 2-Chrome upgrade/replace some gear. Senk gains some further knowledge about Tir Taingire history while looking into her parent’s death, and feels the likeliest culprits are security forces operating under Jenna Ni’Fairra, or hardline elf supremacists from the Rinelle Te’Kesrae, who may have landed in the Laesa post-rev. Toast finds out that Teachdaire might be in town, and may be the one targeting Cecelia Velenthial, as well as asking questions about O’Connor. Her bodyguards keep vanishing. More investigating to come!

Boston Part 4
3/4/2016, 6:12:12 PM
Runners
Ro Tain
Aemon Burst
Christopher Toff
Toast
Senk Gethin

After receiving pay and recuperating from the Ghost Ship ordeal, Toff heads off to investigate the dragon leyline, and continue mapping its course and studying its effects on the local manasphere. Ro links back up with April O’Mally, to plan their assassination of the iteration of Thankyou in the QZ. April/Alice warns Ro that they will need to disable TY’s entire drone net in the QZ to avoid any chance of info leaking out anyway, and suggests hitting him before the Gilgamesh Initiative run- although he would be useful inside, he might also become more powerful with knowledge gained there. Ro agrees, and puts Chessick Allens-Whitehill and Jane to work surveilling TY and mapping out his drone net.

April/Alice also tells Ro that TY should have a small armored container (a box or pouch of some sort) on his person, and that A/A will need Ro to secure that item and deliver it to her, as payment for services rendered in helping them deal with this situation. Ro tries to feel out what it might be but A/A isn’t giving away any hints, but says she will destroy it once the job is done. She suggests they keep this particular part of the job just between them. She also seems to have vetted Ro through her info broker contact, Stanley Parable.

Next, Ro confers with Zoh Rothberg, who says she can spare a small contingent of NeoNET soldiers to help a bit, as well as deliver the explosives. They will provide a large shaped charge as well as a few point-and-shoot, non-guided portable launchers. She suggests not using drones/wireless tech at all due to the high risk of hacking from the CFD-infected tenants of the stadium. Ro also starts rounding up potential backup from the Ancients and Hellriders, to at least get some outriders and maybe some spell support.

Aemon, in charge for the moment, takes Toast and Senk vampire-hunting, having gotten the lowdown on some recent activities from some survivors of an attack that they locate in the Mama’s Boys medical facility in the Nub. They follow the route they are told, having promised to retrieve any survivors from the small community. At every branch, they enter smaller side tunnels, and there are less and less lights and other people around. They eventually find a pit full of feral ghouls, and jump in without investigating further. They are quickly swamped by hungry ghouls, and Senk detonates a frag at their feet, shredding the ghouls but also injuring themselves in the process. They find a gate that looks recently welded shut to keep the ghouls in, and cut through.

They wander for a bit, following some distant noises and an astral sense that Aemon occasionally picks up. They eventually enter a large cistern, and find themselves on some suspended walkways above some sort of storage tank. Senk launches a couple more grenades down before taking a look, and is horrified to see that she just shredded about a half dozen survivors from the community they sought, who seem to have been trapped down in the tank. A vampire emerges from the structure at the center of the walkways over the tank, and they get in a brutal fight. Toast is grabbed from behind by a second vamp that they hadn’t noticed, and Aemon is mentally compelled to chuck his rifle into the tank. He jumps after, and Toast throws himself and the vamp he’s grappling, over as well.

Senk tries to keep the top vamp distracted with grenades, while the other 2 finally kill the one in the pit (Aemon makes sure he stays dead with a wood bullet burst to the head). They take some carefully aimed shots and finally take down the top vamp just as Toff finally shows up, having talked to the same survivors when looking for the team. He finds a small vial of some sort of liquid while checking out the lair/nest in the structure, before the team gets in a firefight with some sentient ghouls who show up looking to see what all the commotion was about. Aemon briefly tries to talk to them but quickly gives up, feeling like he’s not getting anywhere. They manage to drop the ghouls, but are all pretty heavily injured. Aemon and Toast prepare to retreat, but Toff has become obsessed with the idea that there is a secret treasure room nearby, and he and Senk go looking, right up until an even more powerful vamp shows up and tells them that they WILL FEAR THE DARK!

They barely manage a retreat, with Senk blasting passages closed behind them and using smoke to block LOS. They finally reach the safety of the Nub, and promptly all pass out from stimpatch abuse. Time to celebrate a mission survived, if not well-done! Senk feels awful about violating her code of honor and seems a bit off. Mama’s Boys members come by to debrief with Aemon, who they’ve taken a shine to, and tell him that there’s been a lot of FTD activity lately, and they will help the team move about in their areas if they keep helping them clear out vamps on occasion. They also say a lot of vamp nests are feeding leftovers to ghouls to boost their numbers, and they ID the vial as “Renfield”, a blood-based drug that the vamps use to reward/addict their most loyal non-infected followers.

They heal up for a few days before being contacted by a bodyguard named Barzhin, who reaches out to Toast through Neutral Ground. As they’ve both taken the contract to protect Mayor Meghan Rylan, they decide to coordinate. Apparently the Mayor’s community in City Hall has come under prolonged siege from a sniper, and Barzhin has been unable to keep casualties down as he’s focussed on protecting the Mayor. Some people have taken their chances braving the streets (and the mobs of infected there), but many of them have been cut down by sniper fire. Barzhin provides a HUD overlay with the shooter’s most recent positions, and the team heads over via underground tunnels. They choose to use an exit inside a nearby building, to avoid exposing themselves without recon.

Disturbingly Aemon, while healing, was visited by a manifestation of the powerful vamp they ran away from in the cistern, and Toff (who has been keeping an eye on him astrally since) spots the vamp lurking in astral space as they emerge into downtown. Given that the vamp seems very powerful, and has what looks like a bound, high-force spirit of man with him, Toff declares astral recon off limits for the time being. The team manages to infiltrate to the first known sniper position (Aemon only sets off a single trap), and thinks they lucked out and found Peregruzka, but it turns out to be a trap: some hapless man in a tattered suit was taped and glued into place with a rifle, and rigged with explosives. Toast and Aemon are injured when they fire on him unsuspectingly and detonate the charge.

The team comes under fire from other positions that Barzhin has marked, and start returning fire, while the vamps spirit of man uses its “accident” power to fuck with them a bit. Every time they get a solid hit on the other “snipers”, they explode. Also Barzhin calls and tells them that there have been a few very recent deaths and missing people inside, and is worried Peregruzka is making an approach. He pulls everyone back to a central conference room, and narrowly avoids a monowire trap in a hallway while scouting the area.The team starts rushing for the building, using some flashbangs as cover to draw off the mobs of infected outside. Peregruzka seems to have set up a previously unused position in City Hall, however, and manages to ko Toast on the approach. Aemon and Senk reach the building and grapple gun up as Toff (having invisibly snuck up himself) distracts the Assassin.

Barzhin rushes to join in as first Toff, and then Aemon are ko’d by Peregruzka’s monofil whip. Senk and Barzhin finally bring him down with a sniper assist from Ro, but the room is totally in flames, so they have to bail quickly (which luckily saves them from Peregruzka’s cranial bomb detonating as well). Ro leaps down 6 stories, almost dying in the process, to save Toast from some approaching infected, and hightails it for City Hall. Once inside, they meet the Mayor, and she provides her thanks. She also calls in a favor, and after a while Damon himself shows up, and casts a powerful ritual healing spell. Toff compliments him on the Leyline, and Damon accepts though without giving much away. Toff is overwhelmed with the power of his aura, and gets a contact up in Salem: a witch named Aleesa. He plans to head there to follow up on the Salem Exposed! file and initiate with the Dragon Church.

Damon takes Ro’s number, in case he needs some runners, expresses an interest in ridding the city of Shedim, and apologizes to the Mayor for not being able to make it by sooner, before jumping out the window onto a waiting motorcycle, which had just pulled up. Aemon, so not the coolest guy in the room, dashes off to a bathroom and changes into his Damon-imitation outfit, until one of the Mayor’s staffers pulls him aside and tells him it’s a major faux-pas, as a serial killer posing as Damon has been targeting people in the city’s clubs (though not any Damon owns…). Aemon changes back, and they escort the Mayor and her surviving entourage back to the Nub, where they seem to be trying to rally people behind her, causing some friction with Mama’s Boys. The Mayor is very subtle and smooth about the whole thing, but some of her aides are less so.

Ro checks in with Chessick and Jane, and gets the update on TY’s movements, and confirms with Zoh that they are on for the Fenway mission next. The team starts gearing up, and securing allies. First up: bringing in a melee/face named Aomame 2-Chrome who comes recommended by the weapons dealer/fixer Ango Tyrell. Aemon tells Mama’s Boys he’ll come back and hunt more vamps soon, and they say his team is welcome to keep using the tunnels as long as they do so.

Team 2 Part 7
2/11/2016, 3:14:43 PM
Runners:
“Bug” Tussle
Clippy
Shri Moreau
Twitch
Achilles Serifim
and introducing: Garth Labrynthos

The team is hired by a man named Laurent Nazaire to look into a matter involving a friend of his. They are to investigate an Illuminates of the New Dawn secret chapterhouse in the wilds outside of Seattle. Clippy borrows money from his dad to buy a firearms knowsoft to make himself seem more capable. They fight some powerful and disturbing beast spirits on the way in, but manage to hold them off. Clippy decides to spend some time at the range soon to boost his actual skills…

They arrive to find the building destroyed, and currently being scavenged by a small-time local wiz-gang called The Spectres. They manage to make a deal with them to let them take whatever they’ve already found, and have Clippy help them with some future work. They search the building, find the info Nazaire wanted, and get it to him- it seems to deal with some secret project the IOND have going, tracking some unnamed individuals around the area, as well as some recruiting and accounting info.

Nazaire calls them again a few days later after they’ve finished healing, and they meet him at an abandoned church, where they are introduced to his friend, Elizabeth Nunn. Some of them think she is a vampire at first, but can’t get a read on the astral, and she seems really nice and cool, so they let it go. The 2 of them want to hire the team for more work going after the IOND. The team agrees, and heads out to try to capture the chapter head Magister Tyrone Girardi, who seems to have escaped the destruction of the previous chapterhouse.

They raid an IOND safehouse in an abandoned hotel, and manage to overcome the various magical traps (as well as some sort of terrible roaming bio-experiments) in the basement. The find a promising sewer exit in the basement, and hear some distant sounds as if their quarry may be nearby….. Twitch calls Butch, and tells her about the experiments- she seems interested. Achilles (fairly injured from the fight with the experiments) volunteers to stay behind in order to fend off an more IOND mages, experiments or traps that happen to show up/go off. However, before they can chase them members into the sewers, they encounter Garth, who was apparently abducted by the IOND for their experiments while in town on a security gig. They free him, and he gears up to join them in their pursuit.

They fend off a basilisk, before Bug and Garth tagteam the sewer navigation and tracking to catch up to the IOND rearguard. They manage to take them out, taking some heavy spell damage in the process. Clippy pulls their destination from one of their comms, and they head there, finding another safehouse in a much nicer neighborhood. Teams of mages are loading large panel trucks while some well-equipped guards stand watch. Twitch, Bug, and Shri slip around back while Clippy hacks the house node. Garth decides to act as a distraction but accidentally gets spotted early- he gets in a brutal gunfight with security but is quickly ko’ed. The mages start pulling some memories from his brain, and take a ritual sample.

Meanwhile, the back team has gained access and snuck partway around the house before getting spotted, while Clippy has engaged in matrix combat with the IC onsite before rebooting the node. Having lost comms, and detecting intruders on the lot, the IOND head Magister Tamara Plinick, calls a retreat. The mages and guards bail in the trucks, after fireballing the house and leaving a large mana barrier to obstruct the team. Clippy manages to get an ID on the trucks as they leave, but they are running dark so he isn’t able to track them.

Achilles rejoins them, and they haul Garth into the sewers. They make their escape due to Bug’s amazing tracking, only having to pause briefly for him to take a stimpatch after passing out. They exfiltrate through the old hotel, meet up with Nunn and Nazaire after leaving Garth at the safehouse to get healed up by Caria Alten. They get paid, though Nunn is disappointed that they didn’t find more info on Girardi. She also seems horrified about the tests they were doing, and says she will go tend to the subjects (assuming *Butch *hasn’t gotten there first!).

A few days later, they pair hire the team again to follow Girardi to Montreal, where he has retreated to a safer facility. They will fly there with a coyote named Wild Willy, and leave the next night. They are to return with Girardi alive, and provide frequent updates, as Nunn will not be accompanying them. The team agrees.

Boston Part 3
2/8/2016, 12:11:01 AM
Runners
Ro Tain
Aemon Burst
Christopher Toff
Toast
Senk Gethin

The team heals up and does some resupplying and research. Aemon discovers that Viktor Markwart is funded by the Catholic Church, specifically Cardinal Reginald Grimes, who is apparently a secret technomancer, as well as being stuck in the QZ. He has some runners accompanying Markwart, a combat mage named Archangel and a banisher named Silke, while they travel between enclaves offering safe haven to the religious and the emerged. Aemon, Toff, and Ro between them also get Markwart to trade info on the group they fought in the trainyards, who seem to be Dissonant Technomancers, who Markwart seems to dislike as much as they like him and his resonant kind. They are likely Discordians, the new dissonant group after the breakup of Ex Pacis. They seem to be working on seizing locations with major computing power to attempt to create dissonance pools, similar to the one they made in Geneva, this time absent intervention from the Corporate Court. The runners are understandably worried about the possibility of a return of Deus.

Ro also calls Thankyou to see what exactly he’s offering for their assistance: he says he will pay well, but will not delete the video, seeming confused that Ro would even ask. Ro and Aemon begin plotting to kill him, and then possibly go into hiding. Aemon also exchanges some stories about Ortega and True Communion with Archangel, who seems skeptical but intrigued. He also tells Aemon that a neo-A in town named Wulfgang Sturm is recruiting for a group to take on Aztechnology’s various interests, called Bright Star, a successor to the fallen Black Star . Toff spends some time astrally investigating the dragon leyline, and finds that it seems both relatively new and somewhat cultivated, as if someone grew it intentionally, and along a specific route. Toast further investigates the O’Connor loyalists amongst The Dragonslayers, and finds their new HQ, as well as checking in with Cecelia Velenthial, to warn her about the hit out on her. She tells him not to bother with the DS’ers, but he continues to look into them.

Ro and Senk steal a pleasure-craft and do some recon on the ghost ship while the rest of the team finishes healing and resupplying. They find that the island that the ship has washed up next to (or on) is an extra-territorial holding of Proteus AG, the biochem AA corp. The corp has been in full lockdown globally since the start of 2076, and this arkoblock is no exception. They have lethal defenses up, so they decide a guns-blazing approach is not the best route. Toff scouts astrally and encounters a crystalline entity, a spirit so rare that he was not even sure they existed til seeing this one. He does some research, and makes a deal with the entity (after it gives him some strange visions) that he will unbind it if it lets them approach the vessel and leave the facility undisturbed. It seems obsessed with organizing the island, though along what principle, who knows….

Chessick Allens-Whitehill also checks in, and tells them he’s been training Jane, as well as continuing his investigations and interviews. He fills them in on the sadistic cordon guards, the “Boston Transfer” drop-in’s, and his investigations into the origins of the new matrix- it seems Boston was the first city it went live in, and was where Danielle De La Mar first unveiled The Foundation, which just makes that addictive UV-zone all the creepier. He says he’ll be in touch with any further news.

Ro gets a call from Elbrun Cornich, a coordinator/inside man with Technicolor Wings, who wants to regain access to the train yards. Ro arranges for him to talk with Shane O’Connor, and Cornich hooks them up with a Carib League sub smuggler named Ron Deveaux to get them to the ship underwater. They pay him, and he seems pretty happy to be on the job, it seems he’s been mostly living in his sub and going a little stir-crazy since the QZ went up. Toff summons a spirit to conceal them, and they head out. They reach the ship with no trouble, and Toff stays in the sub to do his banishing ritual, while the rest of the team boards the ship.

They find bloodstains and damage from a fight and a violent search on the deck and in the captain’s cabin. They also find some navigational charts, and documents confirming that this vessel was funded by the Atlantean Foundation. Ro finds a secret panel hiding a blood-covered commlink, which they also grab. They head down under the hull, and Ro picks up sonar pings- what’s down there? Toff and Aemon assense, and get some bad vibes- whatever they are, there are 6 of them, and they are not identifiably metahuman. Toff has also been getting some vibes of some bad, old magic coming from deep in the ship, and knows the entity wanted him to check it out. He also had a dream the previous night, in which a spirit that he felt was Dunkelzahn appeared to him and seemed to approve of him doing this mission.

The team gets into a brutal fight with 6 hybridized paracritters of some sort- they look like some sort of bear/undersea lifeform fusion, although they seem to have naturally grown that way rather than have been stuck together surgically. They all look to be from the same species (or batch?), and they hit hard. The team manages to take them down just as Toff gets over to the ship and warns them that something is possessing and regenerating the dead bodies of the critters. The ones that Toast and Senk lit on fire aren’t getting back up, so they make sure to light all the corpses after putting them down a second time, as well as destroying some of the heads after Ro gets worried about regen.

Sensing an evil aura beyond the door at the far end of the hull, they scope out the ship, finding more old bloodstains, what looks like a trashed research area, and a smashed in part of the hull leading to a cracked open corridor flashing in emergency lighting- presumably some wing of the Proteus Arkoblock? They figure that must be where the bearcrabs came from at least. Toff blasts through the ward on the final door, and they blast it open to discover a roiling black tentacle cloud, emitting a deathly aura. Toff warns them of Shedim, and goes astral while the rest of the team confronts it physically. It seems to be guarding a rift or portal of some sort, and the entire team finds themselves slowly getting sucked in. Feeling that her death is near, Senk panics and flees, with Ro trying to talk her down.

Toff gets in some good blows in the astral, but is horribly wounded, and the team gets off a few good shots in physical space but don’t manage to disrupt the spirit before it retreats to the astral plane. Toff manages to hit it with a powerful spell, but it grabs him and compels him to come with it as it retreats through the rift. Ro dives towards it, and manages to grab Toff on the barrier between Earth and whatever deathly plane is on the other side. Senk, finally convinced to overcome her fear, comes to the rescue and targets a disturbing stone statue that seems to have been at the center of the ritual circle that opened this rift. She manages to destroy it with 2 well-placed grenades, and due to some extreme luck and judicious use of grapple guns, the team manages to avoid getting sucked in.

They get back out on the top deck and leap over to the mini-sub as the ship is ripped in half, with the fore getting sucked into the rift as it closes, and the aft rapidly sinking. Toast slips off the sub, and falls in the murky water, but seems to avoid CFD infection. They also see that the crystalline entity that Toff made a deal with seems to be “organizing”, or at least crystallizing, large portions of the exterior of the island and arkoblock, so they hightail it out, hearing the facility guns opening up as well. The team gets Ron to drop them off at their purloined yacht, the Silent Stream., and pay him for his services.

They heal up and contact Erika Knowles, who fills them in on some of Proteus’ secret projects from their Fringe Division. She suggests that the bearcrabs were likely vatgrown biodrones or heavily adapted critters of some sort, possibly with some mild uplifting to increase their innate intelligence. Given their dual-purpose adaptation to land and sea, and their strength and resilience, she assumes they were intended as facility guards, and either were sent to investigate the breach caused by the ship, or were cordoned off due to possible exposure/infection. She says she would love any more info the team recovers on Proteus, and would gladly fund a run on their facilities but figures it would have a low chance of success, given their extreme paranoia and full lockdown. They sell her a biosample Ro grabbed, and also warn her of Shedim.

Chessick, having showed Jane some hacking tricks while cleaning up and decrypting the data on that commlink, also makes good copies of all the charts they found. It all seems to relate to the hunt for the lost isle of Atlantis, the ultimate goal of the Atlantean Foundation. It seems there were a few different major dig sites that this crew had been working at, looking for relics, and they recently found something in the Baltic. There are some measurements and scans of the carved (or possibly petrified?) relic they destroyed, though no good pictures- it seems like the scientists didn’t fully chisel it out until madness had already overtaken them. But it almost looks like some twisted stone infant, of some sort of species or metavariant the team has never seen or heard of….

From the vid diaries on the ‘link (which belonged to the head of security for the expedition), they find that the crew started experiencing odd accidents, deaths, and disappearances after unearthing the artifact, and that they got approval to bring it back to Atlanta for a more experienced team to handle. However, the occurrences continued during the voyage, and the sec head lost control of the area below decks and the engine room after the science team staged some sort of surprise attack, and begun a ritual using the object. He retreated to the captain’s cabin and held them off as long as he could, reporting that they had changed course at the last minute and slipped into Boston, shortly before the sound of splintering wood caused him to end the recording, and hide the ’link.

Doing some digging, the team finds reference in A.J.‘s journals to a community with large numbers taking over a cemetery near the NeoNET towers, and think this might be where all the bodies of the missing crew wound up- possessed my Shedim, and holed up in a spot full of potential reinforcements. They warn some others about this risk as well, and plan to look further into it. Toast accepts the contract on Neutral Ground to kill Peregruzka, as well as the one to protect Mayor Meghan. Not sure how to get downtown, given the dangerous nature of the streets there, they decide to do a job in the Catacombs first, clearing out some vamps and ghouls for Mama’s Boys. Apparently a lot have moved in recently (possibly evicted from the cemetery by Shedim, and the Labyrinth by headcases?), and there are also a number of new conversions, as there are rumors going around that HMHVV infection can stave off CFD infection. There has also been a lot of activity by a group called Fear the Dark, taking out members of the Nub community as they try to expand outwards.

The team also encounters Scarlett, who tells them that Four Corners has fallen- apparently the hyper-athletic youth who was their main headcase herder either was infected all along, or got infected along the way, and let all the infected loose on the unprepared community. Scarlett and a few others made their escape via the tunnel she had prepared into the Catacombs at the team’s suggestion, but everyone else is presumed dead or infected. Ro and Aemon are also approached by someone they’ve only heard of through Thankyou: April O’Mally. She says that she is the one who has been helping TY find Gilgamesh Initiative facilities and feeding him tips, but that he betrayed her after the Chicago lab, and didn’t give her the info recovered there. She believes that the Daedelus fragments that merged with (or overtook) TY has been corrupted by Deus fragments from the ACHE.

She reports that there is a war developing in the Exchange: the original Daedelus and their faction vs. the “new” Daedelus and their faction. She offers her assistance to the team in preventing the iteration of TY in the QZ from releasing the blackmail info, and in killing him, in exchange for the team doing the run on the GI lab and giving her the info instead. She also reveals that she is no longer really April, but instead a personality named Alice who has overtaken the April host after Alice was no longer to keep April’s mind coherent and alive with her invoked memory stimulator. April offered Alice use of her body in exchange for letting her die, on the condition that she would continue to seek revenge against the GI for what they did to her. As Alice was already well along this path, she agreed. The team agrees to the terms, but tells her they have to do a few other jobs first. They also call the Turing Army, and get a quote on the bounty for TY/Daedelus, hoping to cash in if they are going to take him out anyway. Zoh Rothberg says she’ll have explosives ready soon, also, so that’s next on the list after vamps, ghouls, and assassins!

Boston Part 2
1/25/2016, 2:22:27 PM
Runners
Ro Tain
Aemon Burst
Christopher Toff
Toast
Senk Gethin

The team heads south from Backbay, having agree to do a favor for Lucky Liam and meet up with an O’Rilley Mafia Johnson about a job. Their car gets them partway there before they find themselves funneled into an ambush. Ro manages to do a crazy stunt on her chopper and escape the trap, and they succeed in intimidating/negotiating their way out without a fight (though they leave the car behind in trade- it was low on battery anyway). They continue south, and come across Four Corners, a survivor community they heard about in the journal that A.J. gave them. They decide to stop in and get an update. AJ also lets them know that he won’t be in touch for a while as he has to do some digging on something, and provides his current list of Boston Enclaves.

They meet some local community members, including a cocky, athletic elven youth named Tulver who makes Toff very bashful, and who Toff totally fails to impress. The community leader, and elderly human, seems to have a strong pro-corp attitude, and believe that a cure is coming, so they are corralling all of the sick from their community to await it. The team warns them of the danger, but they won’t listen. They also meet a local runner who goes by Scarlett, who runs the local bakery as a day job. The community seems to rely on her to assense new arrivals and check for infection, and she says that although she doesn’t have much pull locally, she has been trying to make the place safer. The team arranges to stay the night for a copy of the updated journal, and maybe stay in the future in exchange for supplies/labor.

Scarlett and Aemon hook up, and Toff teaches her the rudiments of the pulse spell, which he is working on improving to target CFD specifically. They also confirm that Scarlett has an escape route, through a Mama’s Boys-controlled Catacombs entrance that they use for trade, and advise her to get people ready to flee if the infected in the community get loose. Tulver seems to have a knack for handling/corralling the infected, and fishes one out of the school they keep them in for Toff to test his new pulse on, but Toff is having trouble connecting to the manasphere- maybe something to do with his recent near-death experience?

They head out again, and reach the mafia meet at the Beaded Shamrock after fighting off what seems to be a Morelli maifa kick squad. The Johnson introduces himself as Shane O’Connor, and seems pissed about the Morelli attack- he seems to think that Don O’Rilley went too easy on Don Morelli during their recent dustup, but says it isn’t his place to second-guess strategy. Overall, Shane seems quite chipper and friendly. He hashes out payment with Ro, and hires the team to clear a local gang called The Discontents out of the nearby Cabot Trainyards, a repair facility and switching yard for the city’s public transit system. Shane says the Don wants to take the turf, and the gangers are some tech-geeks of some sort so should be a pushover.

The team heads out and Toff manages to locate a segment of the dragon leyline that he had previously sensed. He feels a little magically improved after this. They find another survivor community, called Unlucky Ladies, which seems to have 1-2 dozen members and have taken over and fortified a block-wide building- maybe an old hotel or fixed-up warehouse or something. They have an ARO saying that only ladies are welcome, and a variety of noisemaking traps around to warn of people sneaking up. Ro talks to them, and gives them the updated journal, as they also know AJ- it seems he helped them out shortly after the QZ went up. They give Ro a little info: the gang controlling the yards apparently uses some small aerial drones for security patrols, and the UL say they stay away after getting buzzed by a few of them.

The team approaches the yards cautiously, and Ro, Toff and Aemon set up an overwatch position on the I-93 overpass. Toff casts some sneaking spells on Toast, who infiltrates the yard to recon, with Senk preparing to follow as needed. Toast scouts some outbuildings, and finds them empty and mostly powered-down, although there are a good amount of employee vehicles scattered around the lot still. He spots the drone patrols, and manages to avoid them for a good while, until one of them spots him while he’s atop one of the buildings. He ducks inside, and thinks he lost it, but is attacked when he sneaks back out- he gets tased a few times before the overwatch team spots the drone and takes it down. Senk uses this opportunity to slip onto the lot and begin heading in.

The team comes under assault from more drones, which start dive-bombing and self-destructing with a powerful electrical blast. They manage to fight them off, though Toast and Aemon are both injure. Senk gets into a deadly duel with 2 turtle-like armored ground drones with LMG’s in the employee parking lot, but manages to grenade both of them without taking too much damage, with assists from Ro and Aemon. Aemon heads into the yard also, and heals Toast a bit, as well as gunning down some nearby ragers who caught his scent. Ro provides overwatch as Toff astrally travels and manifests inside the main train house, finding a cluster of a half-dozen individuals, who like some odd sort of techie squatters, although the niceness of much of their gear belies their squatter appearance. The team also goes full wireless-off after coming under repeated matrix assault.

Toff makes an effort to negotiate, as well as do a little recon. The leader of the group, a distinctive man with puffy white hair and beady red eyes, agrees to call off the drone assault if Toff and his team withdraw. Toff relays this to Ro, but as they have a job they decide to keep at it. He tells the people inside to give up, as the drone defense is surely costing them a lot of cash, and offers to hook them up with Viktor Markwart if they need a place to stay, deducing that they are likely technomancers. However, the leader scoffs in disgust at Markart’s name, and calls him a “gutless coward,” seemingly rejecting Toff’s endeavors. As Senk and Aemon approach the main structure, all the facilities lights and machinery starts operating at once, as well as a variety of alarms and car alarms going off. Ro has also noticed a child screaming nearby.

Toff rescues the child from another rager who has her trapped in a car, and levitates up above the fray with her, as the noise, lights, and wireless from the facility attract a huge number of shamblers and ragers to the compound. Ro shouts out to the team that they have incoming, and the 3 in the facility rush the main building, setting off some traps but avoiding major damage- it appears their quarry has fled after trying to swamp the facility. They barricade the building as best they can, and try to shut down the various equipment and systems they can gain access to. They find some safety override switches, and Aemon detroys a large amount of computer equipment, as it seems to be corrupted in some bizarre way. He’s worried about AI’s, so blasting them seems like a good option. They also find a Catacombs entrance that it seems the resident techno’s used as an escape route, smashing through a security gate with a train car.

They dig around a bit, and find some evidence that the techno’s were surveilling both the ECSE and the Harborguide facilities. There are mentions of 2 things also, Project Abyss, and Project Heatwave. They decide to exfiltrate through the Catacombs, and signal Ro as to their intent. Toff joins back up with Ro, and they leave via the raised I-93 highway overpass on the bike. Toff decides to mindprobe the child, to check for infection risk before dropping her with either Unlucky Ladies or 4 Corners, and takes a hefty amount of stun after entering the alien space that is her mind- it seems to be a war between multiple personalities, one which the original child’s self has very clearly lost. She breaks free of Toff’s grasp, scratches him, and runs off, before Ro guns her down. Ro checks the body and confirms nano-presence in her blood, so Toff lights her on fire before they speed off. Ro tries to cheer up the depressed Toff as they make their way to meet O’Connor. They get there, explain the situation, and get paid. He says he may be in touch with future work, and they head down to Ancient’s turf to lay low til they hear from their compatriots.

The rest of the team, in the tunnels, checks the area under the train house first, and finds one concealed techno seemingly trying to wait for them to leave before signalling the others. They kill him, and shut down more of the mechanical equipment to try to limit infected interest in the building. They head out through the tunnels, and Aemon navigates them west, making for 4 Corners. An earthen astral form manifests before them and briefly interrogates them until they convince it that they weren’t responsible for breaking the security gate into the Catacombs and it leaves. Shortly thereafter they are approached by some Mama’s Boys, who agree to take them to a medic in The Nub for money, and seem to have been sent to find them. Just in time too as Toast and Aemon pass out from stimpatch use! The Mama’s Boyz make a simple sled out of rope, and haul the unconscious runners to the Nub, where they leave Senk to haul them to the medical facility. Senk manages to scare off anyone who shows too much interest in her downed companions, and pays for their first night of medical (instead of selling them for parts as offered!).

They heal up for a day and a half, and take care of some matrix business: getting ahold of their team, and checking in with other contacts. Aemon is approached by an MB sniper who seems aware of his rep as a shooter, and who seems like an enthusiastic parahunter himself. He offers to hire the team to clear some vamps out of the deep tunnels to make room for expansion, which Aemon is super pumped for. DJ McCarthy also gets ahold of them and tells them to get in touch with Aiden up in Revere/Cambridge, as DJ got transferred to Salem. Apparently his cousin Sarah McCarthy wouldn’t stop digging after ordered to and needs an extraction from a KE holding facility, where the feds ordered her detained. Smedley tells them there’s a lot of new street drugs around, many of which are being dropped in in supply drops by various corps including Zeta Imp-Chem, and to be careful as a lot of them seem like they are maybe still in testing. Smedley also wants them to look into a suspicious rumor from up around Lynn that the community there has a “cure”, and find out what’s going on. Thankyou also gets in touch with Ro and Aemon, and threatens them (with regrets): if they don’t help with his mission, he will be forced to use the trid he has of Ro watching while Aemon pisses on Inazo Aneki’s seppuku spot in the ACHE.

Toast checks in with Bozeman and gets the updated hit list, using some new format called Neutral Ground. Their friend A.J. is on it, as well as anyone he passed his Salem Exposed! file onto, which is worrying. They try to reach him, but fail- they hear some of his out of towner team got iced on a run up near Salem though, which seems ominous. Toast recognizes a few other names on there, but doesn’t accept any contracts immediately. There are also 2 open contracts on groups: something called the Turing Army is offering a bounty for any proof of destruction of any AI’s in the QZ, and something called The Coalition has posted details for some corp hits: apparently a lot of corps/other entities are using the QZ as a dumping ground for whistleblowers or other undesirable employees, and dropping them in in supply drops with some nuyen, figuring whoever takes them out can keep it as a reward. These have quickly become a popular earner for many of the gangs raiding supply drops, and are now referred to as a “Boston Transfer.”

Aemon also gets a call from Allison Sanborn, who tells him that Horst, the Horizon rep who has sort of gone native with Aemon’s fam in the AGS, sent a message in via the latest supply drop, to the effect that he has info about Aemon’s parent’s death, which he will trade for Aemon’s assistance to Horizon in the QZ/passing along of appropriate info. Sanborn seems a bit sheepish to be offering a trade with such personal info, but Aemon quickly agrees. However, they decide to pursure the ghost ship for Erika Knowles next: intrigue and mystery at sea!

Boston Bound
1/8/2016, 11:37:46 AM
Runners
Aemon Burst
Ro Tain
Christopher Toff
Chessick Allens-Whitehill
and introducing: Senk Gethin and Toast

After the mid-air kidnapping/massacre, the runners are chilling in Wheels’ bar when they get a call from Sully. Not only has he found them a way into Boston, it’s a paying job. He picks them up in the Gold Whale so they can leave their van at Wheels’. Chem heads back to Chicago with his van, and no-one is sure where Munty got off to. Toff donates his pay for the job to Aemon’s Kids, to further cement ties to the Children of the Dragon, and also because he feels awful about all the people they just killed on that plane.

They make some calls, and Aemon and Ro post requests for work and info on Jackpoint. As with their infiltration of the ACHE, they receive a lot of interested responses. They get a bunch of intel, some useful names and contacts, and a variety of offers for pay for various tasks. Ro also contacts Hiro Katakura who hires them to look into the Harborguide AI system’s security, and make sure no-one is attempting to unshackle it or cause other trouble, as they could have a real problem on their hands. Ro agrees, and they head out with Sully to meet the Johnson for the Boston job.

He turns out to be some sort of European Ares exec who is looking for a team to locate and retrieve his kidnapped son, Aiden Wagner. He had a previous team on the job, who tracked the kidnappers to Boston around the time the QZ went up, but he lost contact when they grids went down. Fearing the worst, he’s hiring another team to get in there and get his kid out. He’s paying a day rate plus a finder’s fee on completion. He gives them a contact with Knight Errant in Boston who he arranged to act as his proxy before the GOD matrix barricade went up.

Meanwhile, Toast and Senk have joined up with their contacts in the Ancients in order to survive in the rapidly destabilizing QZ. The Ancients received an ARES supply drop that had some supplies for them, as well as pay for a job: securing a team of runners from another incoming supply drop, and providing some guides for that team. Lucky Liam assigns Toast and Senk to do the job, and gives them a slice of the pay.

The Johnson gets the team loaded into bodybags to sedate and stabilize them for shipping. They wake up when they enter free-fall, in the magical permafog above Boston. Chessick manages to hack control of the drop pods navsoft, and start swinging them towards the beacon that Toast is broadcasting. Sadly, the supply pod has attracted some others: a Bane-Sidhe war rig comes racing down the street. They blast the chute with their autocannon, sending the pod tumbling. Luckily Toff pops the door open and levitates everyone safely out.

They descend through the air and Aemon manages to snipe the BS gunner: first kill in the CUES! They make landfall and let BS have the pod, as they don’y need it. However, the gunfire attracts a large herd of infected locals, which Toast and Senk refer to as “shamblers.” Aemon and Ro try to gun some down but they seem to possibly be regenerating? Senk drops a few frag grenades in their midst, and Toff flamethrows, which seems to put the mob down for the time being. They flee, and link up with Lucky Liam.

He provides some further updates and intel, as well as a safe place to stash excess gear for the time being, on the promise that the team will run any Mafia jobs by him before doing them, in order to not mess up an alliance he has in the works. They agree, and he puts out some feelers looking for their kidnapped kid. They rest up for the day and take stock, as well as hiring on Senk and Toast, and Liam comes back with some intel by the evening. He gives them some names of people to ask around with, but tells them to stay away from the Morelli mafia fam, as they dislike elves, due to their rivalry with the elf-lead O’Rilley’s.

They track down the Hellriders first, and Ro agrees to partake in their initiation ritual in exchange for the info. She crashes a loaner bike into a young prospect, after deciding not to scare him off the road. They fly through the air past each other, and she mostly escapes injury. Impressed, Wyatt offers not only the info but the go-gang’s assistance in distracting the NeoNET security at the facility where he believes the boy is. They check in with The Roxxx next, and Aemon loves their whole thing: classic street gang, synth and chrome and everything. They buy some drugs off an underaged pusher, and head inside, securing a meeting with Blackrock.

The gang’s leader seems a bit more canny than the regular members, and seems like a dwarf of ambition. He hints at their connections with the O’Rilley’s and seems to think of the Roxxx as kind of a farm league for the mafiosos. He confirms the info the HR’s provided, and says that he would love to send a small raiding party along to smash and grab whatever they can at the lab facility. The team agrees, and says they’ll set a time after some recon. They find the facility no problem, but run into a few problems: the NN complex backs up on I-93, the southern edge of the QZ in this area. The southern half of the complex looks to be abandoned, at least in the open, due to drone fire and spirit assaults from the cordon wall. Also, the woods surrounding the facility are crawling with agitated shamblers as well as a small pack of NN biodrones and/or paracritters.

After avoiding entanglements, and quietly taking down 1 paracritter, they flee the area with some good intel. They’ve identified the specific building they think the kid is in, after ruling out the various subsid-labelled labs and storage areas. They coord with the gangs, and plan to assault right after noon, the time they briefly detected a signal coming out of the facility. Otherwise it seemed to be locked down wirelessly, or jamming heavily. Using a car bomb as an entry point for the Roxxx (and a massive distraction for security) and having the Hellriders ride the nearby roads to try to pull shamblers away, the team manages to reach the facility without attracting attention. They cut through the elecetrified fence (already breached by the Roxxx), and get into the nearby living area, to use internal skyways to get to the labs. They have a few close calls with some staff, but manage to ko everyone quietly.

Senk, using Aemon’s fancy B&E gear, gets them through the security doors, and they drop a few more guards and lab techs, before heading for the nearby emergency stairs that Toff spotted with magic. They find the experimental subjects on the 1st floor, after Toff reads some minds to find out where they are, but are distressed that there are 7 instead of just the 1 kid. Ro, disliking experiments like this one, and Toff, being compassionate in general, start figuring out who/what is in the tanks, and figuring out how to remove them. The rest set traps to hold off guards, while Toast disarms and ties up the guards they fought here.

They plan to free 6 out of 7, finding that one is crawling with nanites. Toff confirms that they seem to be technomancers also. Ro finds a cowering researcher, who helps them free the subjects in exchange for helping her and subject 7 escape- however, she seems to think they already have an arrangement along those lines, which no-one on the team remembers making. Subject 3 says he is almost there and “needs a minute”, but seems to complete whatever he is about quickly. Subject 6, being the healthiest (the advantage of having a relationship with one of the techs), manages to get the elevator working as subject 4 in some sort of feral rage, races off towards the stairs, slowing down the sec forces there further. They finally get everyone else in the elevator just as the sec squad races into the room. They dash out the 2nd floor skyway, the way they came in, and are distressed to see that a large number of shamblers are tearing around the campus, seemingly having gained access through one or both breaches.

They also spot some corpses and destroyed air vehicles in the southern half of campus who seem to have been cut down by the cordon guns: if even corp facilities are targeted, is anyone safe? They manage to flee the way they came, gunning down the shamblers (ragers?) they see on the way without getting grabbed, though they lose a civilian they picked up on the way. They hear some of them mumbling something that sounds like “warn…. cerberus….” Once they breach the fence perimeter, they get wireless back on and flee through the woods. Subject 3 thanks them for the rescue and dashes off in a different direction. They fight off another of the para-cats, which seems to have perhaps become infected also. Toff blasts Ro with a pulse to avoid her catching it too, but fries some of her gear. They receive a message from someone named Nathan Proudfoot, who seems to be subject 3, telling them he has another car waiting for them ahead.

They split up, with Aiden, the ARES kid they are rescuing, driving the new car (which pulls up, parks and opens doors absent Proudfoot), stuffed with people, and the other half of the team making for the team’s car. They make good their escape, and reach the Ancients safehouse at KRB. They contact DJ McCarthy and arrange to drop off the kid, who seems a bit chagrined to have been rescued instead of escaping on his own. He’s very pro-ARES, and loyal to the corp, though he also seems to have a good heart. They drop him off, get paid (most of the way at least) and DJ begrudgingly gives them a contact with a local fixer Smedley Pembrenton III, as they seem to want more money and work. He also asks them to look in on a family member who last he heard was holding the line at Fenway.

They also bring all the remaining techno’s and the tech to a safehouse provided by Viktor Markwart, who offers them sanctuary and instruction. They tell VM about Proudfoot and Aiden as well. He tells them there is useful info and work to be done around town, and they arrange to collaborate on figuring out what is going on. They decide to check in with the fixer next and see what’s cooking. Luckily, Smedley seems to take a shine to all of them, and even provides Chessick with a street name: “Black Sheep”, due to his role in his family, and the fact that the other Black Sheep running in Boston isn’t using the name anymore, as of about 1 week ago. Smedley wants them to raid the Sox trophy room at Fenway, which luckily will also allow them to check on DJ’s cousin, Sarah McCarthy.
Smedley says this a test run to see how the team works together, so he knows what kind of stuff to feed them.

Ro and Toff, who stayed on the southside to work on some stuff, also meet up with the face A.J., who seems to have been imprisoned at the NN facility they raided, having been the leader of the other runner team that the tech was expecting. He used their attack as a cover to escape, and thanks them. They give him some money to get back on his feet (he’s wearing an inside out labcoat currently), and try to figure out why NN left him alive. He tells them that they were maybe just operating on “old Boston” logic- they could have turned him into an asset or made him a company man, the way things might’ve gone before the QZ. Or maybe they thought he knew a way out. Regardless, his team got scattered when he got scooped up on recon for the job that they completed, so he’s gonna go track them down. AJ seems solid, so they agree to stay in touch, after Toff confirms he’s not infected (probably), and he says he will forward them some useful datafiles he’s been compiling and augmenting after inheriting them from their original owner. He is also helping to map all the Catacombs entrances, and offers to give them access to that project if they contribute.

They head over to the stadium, and sneakily approach. They are distressed to discover that not only has the cordon fallen completely, but the stadium is overrun by shamblers, who have amassed a large corpse pile that they are feeding off of in turns. More distressingly, they seem to be erecting some sort of antenna in the center of the field, using girders and damaged pieces from the stadium itself. It looks as if a large number are also directly connected to it in some way. Horrified, they decide to call this one in to someone high up, after they get out. The manage to sneak up to the trophy room undetected, but find a group of survivors holed up inside under siege from a group of shamblers.

They kill (or at least incapacitate) the shamblers, and free the survivors: Sarah, a DocWagon dwarf named Musa Matevosian and his injured colleague, a reporter named Allison Sanborn, and a young girl named Jane. They notice some bodies in the corner, and Toff tells the team he’ll carefully assense everyone for infection after they escape. They enlist the survivors’ help in grabbing trophies, and hightail it out of there, after realizing they’ve been made. They manage to avoid any serious entanglements, and arrange to meet DJ and pass off the rescued individuals.

Sarah seems pissed that the UCAS FBI has taken over the investigation into what went on, and her and Allison show the team footage of the military and feds pulling back from the Fenway cordon, leaving KE to get overrun. Sarah vows to continue digging, feds or no, and thanks the team, as does DJ, begrudgingly. Allison asks to stick with them, as they seem like they’ll lead to some good stories. Musa and his colleague take off with the McCarthy’s, but he gives the team his comm in case they need medical. jane seems to have bonded to Chessick a bit, and she also wants to stick with them. Toff starts telling her about his religion on the way over, but kind of terrifies her with his description of a ghostly dragon god watching everything. Ro contacts Zoh Rothberg to warn her of the Fenway antenna, and she says she will confirm and respond. She seems a bit haughty but has the most beautiful voice Ro has ever heard. Ro also leaves a message with Erika Knowles, the Boston OSI head, to offer the team for work.

They reach Smedley’s, and sell him the gear. Disturbingly, Jane turns out to be a technomancer, which she reveals when she mindfries a small surveillance drone that someone snuck into Smedley’s secure area. He says he thinks it is probably The Dragonslayers, a gang from across the harbor that has been creeping onto his turf and causing trouble, as well as kidnapping locals. He asks them if they want to leave Jane in his care, promising to see to her training and watch her back, and they agree after some debate if she should go to Markwart instead. She prefers Smedley, as it seems likely she’ll see the team more here.

The team also plans to use Jane’s grandfathers’ house as a potential safehouse, assuming it is actually empty, as it is in a nice ‘hood. Allison is hitting on Senk quite a bit, who doesn’t know how to respond, and ignoring Aemon hitting on her/trying to impress her. They leave Allison and Jane in the Leather District after stocking up on armaments at Legit’s Weapons near the LD entrance to the Catacombs. Having been warned repeatedly not to run afoul of Mama’s Boys, they stay out of trouble while on their turf.

They link back up with the Ancients, and rig up their car as a full-on battlewagon, with a turret gun, armor plating, a cowcatcher, and expanded interior space. They accept Smedley’s next job: to look into the Dragonslayers and teach them a lesson. Ro insists on riding her chopper, even though she could fit in the car. They pay tolls to the Mama’s Boys to use the big dig tunnel across the harbor, and emerge in Iron Wolves turf. Toff feels a sensation while underground, and confirms that there is a dragon leyline, which they seem to have crossed. They notice a pack of chromed riders following them, and Ro rolls out to meet the leader after he demands a “test of strength”. They tie one arm together, and begin fighting. Ro gets first blood, before being injured herself. This seems to satisfy the pack, as the leader gives her a hard sniff and then releases her, and the CW’s ride off. Ro is thrilled.

They reach DS territory, and assense a large crowd gathered nearby. Heading there, they round a corner and find about 20 gangers outside of a pretty trashed-looking bar. Toast sneaks onto some nearby roofs but the rest of the team is easily spotted, given their conveyance. They pull up out front and Chessick steps out to try his social magic. The DS’ers are having none of it, and one of them tries to stab him. Luckily he dodges, and the DS’ers don’t seem to really be prepared for a throwdown with runners, as they make short work of them, killing or ko’ing a bit over half before the others flee. They grab 3 of the ko’ed, and Toff mind probes them while they race away, fearing heavier reinforcements.

They find out that the DS’ers boss is a newish member named Luna, who seems to have used some mind control to ascend the ranks, and also discourage talking about her. She is a vaguely Mesoamerican-appearing human. Her HQ seems to be an abandoned Stuffer Shack near the hospital, as this is where the kidnapping victims are brought. However, none of the gangers know what happens next, or seem to want to: they all seem a bit scared of Luna. The team reports to Smedley, and he pays them a bit for what they’ve uncovered, and spurs them to keep digging. They decide they might as well track down Luna while they’re already in the area, so they head back to DS turf, where Ro and Chessick plan to do a series of distracting drive-by’s while Toff, Senk, and Aemon sneak up to the target building.

Meanwhile, Toast has slipped off to do some investigation of his own. He noticed that some of the elves amidst the DS-er’s they threw down with had some old-school IRA tat’s that looked alot like O’Connor’s pre-TRC force insignia. Needing to know more, he followed some of the injured and fleeing members back to another safehouse, where he found that some of the DS LT’s are, indeed, terrorists wanted by Tir na nOg. However, they seem to have been pushed aside or demoted a bit under Luna’s leadership. They have an old-school IRA style, and remind Toast of some of O’Connor’s loyalists from the 40’s. He decides to keep digging before acting, and scouts out an escape route for the team.

The drive-by’s go fine, initially hitting some smaller targets before the HQ. However, the HQ guards prove to be better armed and manage to shoot out the engine block on the battlewagon. Chessick lays down suppressive fire, forcing them into cover, as Ro tries to strategize. The back team almost gets spotted a few times, and finds a watcher spirit following them, which Toff easily destroys. Disturbingly, it seems to have been summoned by a blood mage, so they prepare for trouble. They enter the rear of the HQ with a crowbar just as Ro comes under attack by a massive manifested blood spirit inside the car.

After an extensive gunfight with a few regular gangers and a few elite guards in back, the team heads out front to try to help Ro and Chessick. Toff goes astral from the back alley to attack the spirit on 2 fronts, and summons a guardian spirit to assist. Luckily, this assault prevents the spirt from draining much of Ro’s essence, though she looks a bit pallid and aged when she emerges from under its spell. Toff deals a mighty blow, but is ko’ed himself, only saved from death when his guardian spirit (who he has been plying with reagents, and who seems to view this as a worthy fight) sacrifices itself to save him from the mortal blow. The spirt manifests and sends Aemon fleeing in terror. Senk manages to destroy it with a well-placed series of grenades however. The team links back up and starts working on healing, before realizing they left Toff out back.

They race around the rear to find Luna and 2 more elite guards absconding with Toff’s limp form. After an epic firefight, and much damage to all involved, they manage to fell them all and secure Toff (Aemon is almost crushed cathing his falling form as Luna was midair with Toff’s body when she died). They heal Toff up real quick, and he manages to probe Luna’s brain before she fully dies, further injuring himself in the process. But they get the name of her boss: Cruzado. This is who she has been delivering the kidnapped people to. So they have the lead they need. They quickly investigate the SS interior, and finding nothing especially valuable or suspicious (it seems Luna was trying to keep her blood magic on the dl, and had merely been using her mind control spells her, as well as temporarily storing the kidnapped people), they flee back towards the Leather District, in a car that it turns out Jane is remote-controlling under Smedley’s instruction.

As they pass through the DS/Iron Wolves border, they see they Wolves have already started tagging over some DS stuff and claiming turf, and hear a distant howl. Ro howl’s back, surprisingly convincingly! They pay the tolls to the Mama’s Boys, feel the brief zazz of the Dragon Leyline again, and safely reach the Leather District, though it appears the District has come under attack while they’ve been away. Once they heal up a bit and are all conscious, Smedley tells them the tale: apparently around the time that the team attacked the HQ, a group of ragers burst out of a previously unmarked Catacombs entrance under a shack in the district, and started wreaking havoc. Luckily a good amount of citizens have been getting a bit of training from Buster’s Militia, and the resident runners and spellcasters managed to hold them off. Toff goes to investigate a bit, and confirms that all the attacker’s bodies in the burn pile are infested with nanites, and also that many of the kidnap victims seems to be amongst their number.

There is also a large group of mages enacting some sort of ritual to seal up the Catacombs entrance, as there are apparently quite a few more ragers still inside. Smedley says the Mama’s Boys have claimed that this underground area is not part of the Catacombs proper, and thus not their direct concern/responsibility, id’ing it as The Labyrinth, a series of tunnels, chambers, caves, etc under the Boston Commons. Smedley lets them rest up in his safehouse and hang with Jane a bit while he digs into Cruzado. He has info within a day, but they aren’t ready to roll for a few. Many members of the team are approached by a kind of creepy dwarf named Bozeman, always accompanied by a few small drones, who wants to hire them for some wetwork jobs. Toast has worked with him before, and they tell him they’ll be in touch if interested. He says it’s a good time to be in the biz as a lot of folks are using the QZ as an excuse to settle scores and clean house.

Aemon is also approached by a strangely familiar man that he doesn’t recognize, who introduces himself as Thankyou, and seems disappointed that Aemon is a bit creeped out. He repeatedly dodges the question of why he is in a different body now, and mostly wants to gets updated on the team and talk about the Gilgamesh Initiative job he wants to hire them for. He says he came here in person since comms haven’t been getting in and out, and thought it would be good to have eyes on for the job at hand. Aemon tries to avoid letting TY touch him, and says he’ll be in touch, but returns to the team thoroughly disturbed. They debate a bit about what to do, but don’t come to any firm conclusions other than maintaining a physical distance.

Finally all healed after a few days, they head to the Stuffer Shack that Cruzado seems to manage, in Backbay, near the water. They find it gutted and burned, with a charred corpse pile inside. Assensing it, Toff gets both some bad new vibes, and some bad longterm vibes. Scouting around, Chessick finds some pleasure-craft in the nearby marina, 1 of which has an intact security cam on it. He gets some footage, and they see a group of heavily armored corpsec types roll up and systematically execute everyone in the place, before torching it. The one exception is Cruzado, who Toff recognizes from Luna’s mind, who they bind and bring out front just as a handsome man on a fancy motorcycle pulls up. He says something to Cruzado before signalling the guard. The guard double-taps Cruzado, and the man speeds off as the corpsec finishes the burn prep. They save the video and have to pull Ro away from the boats to go investigate the wreckage.

Digging through, they find a secret basement area, which looks to be old smuggling tunnels, maybe from prohibition days or earlier, cut into the bedrock and emerging from a false sewer grate onto the river. The facility is completely flooded now, but they find a bit of info amidst the ruins- it seems like some kind of self-destruct sequence was activated, likely by Cruzado or the corpsec, which Ro has ID’ed as Aztechnology based on arms and armor. Toff, levitating about to stay just above the slightly shimmering water in the cramped tunnels, finds 4 corpses: all kidnap victims, they seems to have been stored here after Luna delivered them, and drowned when the self-destruct was activated. He also finds some containment chambers, now broken, and some canisters labelled Project Vulcan that look to fit perfectly in an injection port on the side of the chambers. He assumes this is where the nanites in the water came from, and likely why all the kidnap victims seems to have become infected, though how/why they ended up in the Labyrinth is a mystery.

They return to Smedley with this info, get paid, and plan their next job. Lucky Liam calls with some urgent work for the O’Rilley Mafia that the Ancients are in charge of seeing done. Erika Knowles, with the OSI, calls Ro back and tells them their is a job investigating some sort of Atlantean Foundation ghost ship that slipped into the harbor just ahead of the cordon going up, but which no one has heard from and no one has gotten off of. Zoh Rosenberg calls, and Ro once again loses herself in the beauty of her voice, as she offers to provide ordnance for the team to take out the shambler antenna at Fenway. Plus, Bozeman’s and TY’s jobs: plenty of work!

Team 2 Part 6
9/26/2015, 2:41:58 PM
Runners
Shri Moreau
Achilles Serifim
Munty
Twitch
Clippy
and Introducing: “Bug” Tussle

Shri decides to hold off on deciding what to do with Achilles’ recent betrayal until the rest of the team returns. Munty and Twitch both fly back in from NYC, having completed their jobs there. Munty brings the Seattle decker Clippy into the mix too, as ‘Drekbomb’ Jackslaw is still reluctant to go back into the field. Clippy scans Achilles, and finds a hardened stealth tracker, which they disable, but they decide they better bail on the Ork Underground safehouse they’ve been using, as it is almost surely compromised at this point. Twitch convinces Servaas Nikolic, who has been on an epic BTL bender, to slot one of his P-fix chips, which gets him up and moving (a little too enthusiastically- Twitch eventually convinces him to switch from “action hero” to “chill”). Servaas also tells the team that he has a contact in town, an old acquaintance from his reality trid/bounty hunting days. They arrange to meet this man, Bug Tussle, later on at the Big Rhino.

With Seducer’s help, and input from a variety of sources, they reach a solution for Achilles. They decide to call it water under the bridge, in that it happened, but seems not to have had severe consequences for them as of yet. They’ll have to be careful of Aztechnology, but that’s kind of always the case. Achilles agrees to acquire some Laes from his Tir contacts, and to keep a dose in his auto-injector, and 1 in his false tooth, so that he can erase his recent memory if he gets captured again (or gets ko’ed on a run). They figure this should be good enough for the time being, and Shri plans to bring him more under her wing to secure his loyalty a bit better (before perhaps betraying him in the future at an opportune moment, if she’s feeling vengeful).

They also track down an old and abandoned firehouse to rent as the new Safehouse. They kit it out a little bit, and set Servaas up as the safehouse master (for now) to give him something to do, which it seems like might help him. They also establish some common rules, which is basically don’t come there if you are being followed, and don’t bring civilians around (other pro’s is ok, using discretion). Munty is excited about the prevalence of rats to feed/befriend. The build-out on the space should be done by the time they finish their next job: using the info they received from Izidor Kurtlanik to finally get revenge on Theo Two-Hearts!

They head to the Rhino to meet Bug, and find a grizzled man in his 50’s with an air of both competence and quiet desperation, wearing a fringed armor jacket and generally looking straight outta the 2050’s. Munty tries to rifle through his pockets, but he catches her doing so, and they have an awkward few first minutes. However, Servaas vouched for both sides, Bug needs work, and he’s a skilled spirit fighter and hunter/tracker, so he seems like a good guy to have along on the job. They agree to terms, and report to Pia Oliversson that they’re ready to move on it. She gives them a little bit of job money, as she’s also pissed at Two-Hearts for burning her. She is similarly unhappy with Achilles.

They contact Blackhawk to run them across the Sioux border again, and he agrees, for a severe discount, as Two-Hearts trashed his safehouse. Clippy does some matrix recon, and finds out that Two-Hearts now holds dual Sioux/ Evo Corporation citizenship, and resides on a secure research facility way out in the boonies. Supposedly, this facility is dedicated to food research, but rumors on the matrix point to other experimental biotech taking place there, and possibly even a wing dedicated to figuring out what is going on with CFD. Bug sends a spirit scout ahead, who confirms that Two-Hearts is on the base, as they fly over in BH’s Osprey. BH and Achilles bound over their common military background, and Twitch (using his action hero persona) tries to join in, but is unable to convince them (as he mostly remembers training montages, and tragic battlefield deaths of a series of best friends and lovers).

They parachute down a ways out from the facility, and make their way on foot the rest of the way, using their high plains ghillie blanket from the last Sioux run to provide some concealment as they near. Spotting drone security, and deducing that the base probably uses a “safe target” IFF system, they decide to wait on the access road and ambush a car coming up, to hopefully get some RFID tags to mark themselves as “employees”. Shri plays an injured traveler, and cons a car into stopping. Bug, Achilles, and Twitch kill the 3 men inside, grab their RFID’s, and hide the bodies under the ghillie blanket, off the road a ways. Clippy and Achilles conceal themselves in the back of the jeep, while Twitch drives and Shri and Munty ride upfront (with the 3 chips). Bug stays outside with a sniper rifle to provide cover as needed.

They drive up to the base’s entrance, and Shri manages to con her way past the Evo Marine guard at the booth, distracting him while Clippy qucikly adds her name to the pre-approved list. They enter, and park briefly in the lot, while Bug sends another spirit to locate the target. The spirit guides them towards him in astral space, with Munty navigating. They find Two-Hearts surrounded by 4 Evo Marines in a farm field, with a large number of farm drones clustered around them. These drones, as well as the security drones, seems to have disconnected themselves from the WAN, and seem to be self-upgrading. Clippy is disturbed, but also fascinated, and Munty wants to flee, but holds it together. As they pull up, they see Two-Hearts unplugging a data-cable from the nearest farm drone.

Meanwhile, Bug has been trying to sneak around the base in the flat plains, and gets spotted and ko’ed by a security drone. Luckily, his spirit was still around, and comes to the rescue, concealing him and hauling him away from the combat zone. Twitch guns the car towards Two-Hearts and the Marines, who all dive aside in a disturbingly synchronized fashion. He rams the farm equipment instead, slightly damaging the Jeep, but trashing many of the drones. Achilles jumps out and slices one of the Marines with his monofil whip, before bieng ko’ed himself by the Marine’s shotguns. They get in a drawn-out and brutal fight- the Marines keep rising again after they think they’ve put them down, after twitching and writhing on the ground: something is definitely wrong here.

They finally get a solid hit on Two-Hearts, who seems to snap out of a trance as he looks around him. He seems very surprised to see them and asks what they are doing there, and says they have to help him escape- something is wrong with him! They refuse and shoot him again, which seems to cause a personality switch. They briefly discuss grabbing him to take him with, but after Twitch sees how much blood is all over his body already, he decides against it and caves Two-Hearts skull in with his own ancestral tomahawk. They load up into the Jeep and race towards the fence as the security drones finally turn on them en masse (Clippy has been slowing them down via hacking).

Twitch rams through the fence, but heavily damages the Jeep in doing so, between the electrical charge and the impact itself. Achilles suppressive fires out of the rear of the vehicle to try to keep the drones and remaining marine back. They’re worried they aren’t going to make it, when Blackhawk’s Osprey suddenly drops in before them and opens up on their pursuers with a gatling gun. BH also seems to have winched up Bug’s body while security was distracted, so they race aboard, and Achilles stuffs the tomahawk into his smuggling compartment to reduce the chances of being magically tracked. They race for the border, taking a more circuitous route than on the way in to avoid any heightened security.

They arrive safely in Seattle, and return to their new safehouse- Munty has a small dugout (perhaps the beginning of a proper warren?) and with Rat’s help, uses her recent experiences to gain the ability to focus her magic and transform into a rat form. Shri relaxes in her private “panic room” which she pays extra for. Achilles and Twitch both feel like it might be a good idea to get scoped out by a street doc or something, to make sure they didn’t catch anything, as they were right up in the thick of it, and got spattered with quite a bit of biological material during the firefight. Next up: time to make some money!!

Midair Massacre
9/20/2015, 2:20:22 AM
Runners:
Hacking Crew:
Munty
Barnaby “Wombat” Rudd
Chaimberlain ‘Drekbomb’ Jackslaw
Sem-par
and introducing Clippy
Extraction Team:
Munty
Aemon Burst
Christopher Toff
Ro Tain
Chessick Allens-Whitehill
and introducing Wheels

The team from the archive job meets up in the Underground, with the help of the Rat Pack, and reaches a safehouse in Terminal. Munty and Ro join them. After Aemon awakens, and is assensed by Toff, he confronts Ortega about how he survived. Ort confirms that he gave Aemon some ghoul blood, in order to save his life/soul. Aemon tells him that he did a good job, and says Scorpion Gallery Scarf, detonating Ort’s head bomb. The Rat Pack charges them extra for the mess. They also are contacted by the Catholic Church and by Vasuda Mueller, requesting Ortega’s remains. They decide to give them to the Ghoul Liberation League, who say they will venerate them appropriately, and pay a small sum. Aemon and Ro also manage to track down the NYC branch of The Continental with Sully’s help, having found a strange RFID chip on Ortega. They also find out that they are the executors of Ortega’s will- which primarily leaves his amassed fortune to the GLL with a significant donation to Aemon’s Kids. They have a quick spa day at the Continental to unwind after the tension of that whole mess, and get entered into its systems as “members.”

The remaining team accepts another job from One, and hire a bunch of out of town hackers to do the first stage. Munty helps SP and Rudd sneak onto an airport to gain access to classified flight transponder codes for a private corp flight out of SeaTAC. Clippy and Drekbomb provide support from offsite after grid-hopping over. They gain access to the backup flight support facility, and get the codes while Munty ko’s the few wandering security guards who get too close. They manage to exfiltrate without getting snagged, and SP and Rudd make their return flight to Hamburg. Munty heads out to Buffalo with Chessick in tow (who has discovered some tantalizing hints about the hunt for Atlantis on the extra drive he grabbed at the Vault), and meets up with the rest of the team.

They have managed to convince and old dwarf rigger, Wheels, to come out of retirement for “one last job.” Luckily he still has all his rigger gear, and has been aching from some action. They are supposed to pull off his “signature job” again: a midair extraction. One wants them to get 4 corp execs, and kill everyone else in an “accident” to cover it up. They spend a few days tooling up an old plane Wheels has handy, camouflage it as best they can. Using the transponder code and flight info, they plan to intercept right after the corp flight crosses the Sioux border back into UCAS. Wheels buys some insulated, bulletproof bodybags from Team Zero to keep the execs safe during the extraction.

They take off, and cruise high up while Chessick uses the transponder codes to hack into the flight controls. After taking control, they descend both flights to a lower altitude, and get into a holding pattern nearby, before launching over on the glider sled. They magnet on, cut through the hull, kill the pilots and guards, and manage to (barely) zipline the 4 execs back to their plane, where Chessick and Munty catch them. Chessick codes a new flightplan to send the corp plane into Lake Michigan just past Chicago, figuring that Bug City is a good cover for a mysterious accident.

They split off, and return to Buffalo, where there is a group of Red Dragon Triad goons waiting. They provide the pay, and leave with the execs. The team celebrates at Wheels’ nearby bar, and starts planning how to get into Boston. Toff confirms that MIT&T will also be a good place to find out more Atlantis info, which he and Chessick are very invested in, and Aemon is excited to see some brutal action and find out more about CFD.

Vault Hunting
8/31/2015, 9:23:17 PM
Runners
Aemon Burst
Ortega
Christopher Toff
Chessick Allens-Whitehill
Twitch

After the success of the last job, One hires the team again for a heist. They seemed to have gained some face, as One treats them with noticeably increased respect. Curious about their employers, Aemon researches them on Jackpoint, and finds out that they are fixers working directly for the great dragon Lung, the titular entity of the Red Dragon Triad. They have a fearsome rep on their own as well, so the team decides they best not disappoint. One, once again, provides a detailed dossier on the target: the main city of New York data archives, in a secure offline vault storage system under the city center library. It was built post-Crash 2.0 to withstand disasters, hackers, technomancers, and thieves, so this will be a challenge. It uses wi-fi negating wall treatments, but the magical security seems light- mostly focussed on detection and reporting of magical threats, rather than actual counter-measures.

Toff, using his MIT&T grad student SIN, accesses the vault as a “legit” user, to check the protocols, and seeing the difficulty of access they decide they will need 2 things: a large shaped charge, and a distraction. Luckily, Prometheus Engineering, which built the library and vault (as well as many of the other spaceage structures in Manhattan) also provides security. And they have an additional office building/warehouse next door. The 2 building’s security teams act as backup for each other until NYPD INC shows, and the security spiders for both bulldings share an office next door.

So the plan is: Aemon and Ortega will steamroll into the office building, and using non-lethal ammo and gas grenades, neutralize any guards they encounter (and hopefully the spiders), which should call the library guards over. The rest of the team will have entered the library ahead of time, with a large C4 charge concealed in Twitch’s cyberleg smuggling compartment. Toff will conceal them using spellcraft, while they sneak downstairs, and re-route the hardwired alarms. Then they will attempt to bypass the physical locks to get to the final vault door, which they will blow (the sound of which Toff will also conceal). They will use a pre-summoned spirit to grab the drive they need, and sneak back out, hopefully exiting the building amidst a crowd if any patrons haven’t been cleared out yet. They also get a side job from Sully to swap one drive with another provided by a client.

The team accesses the library legitimately, and disable the alarm on a fire escape door, leading to a back stairwell. Toff (invisible) goes ahead to spot cameras/sensors, while Twitch and Chessick trail behind, disabling them. They reach the sub-basement door, and disable that alarm as well. They find the electrical room without encountering any guards, and Twitch and Chessick prepare to re-route the alarms as soon as Ort and Aemon start the distraction. Toff stays on astral/clairvoyant overwatch.

Meanwhile, Aemon and Ort, having finished their street food, enter the office building, and using SNS rounds, ko the guard at the desk, and dash through the security sensors, setting off a series of alarms in the process. They race up the fire escape (more alarms) as panicked employees try to flee the other way. They don gas masks, and ko another guard on the way to the top floor. They loose some gas grenades, and ko the remaining 2 guards, who only manage to hurt them a little. However, the spiders have locked their room down, and Aemon is heavily injured by a drone turret firing SNS back at him. They destroy the turrets, but can’t find a way in. So they content themselves with chucking more gas grenades from the windows at the arriving security from next door.

Back at the library, with the signals re-routed, the team heads back up a floor, disabling a final fire alarm, before sneaking towards the vault as they hear the guards heading up in the elevator, and a PA alarm instructing all patrons to head to the 1st floor, where library staff can keep an eye on them until the security situation is dealt with. Through a combo of technical ability and magic, they manage to imitate the procedure that Toff observed and gain access to the main vault, without setting off any alarms or traps. They place the charge and blow the door. However, Twitch overdid it a little bit, and the blast, the rapid exit of all the air in the room, and the shrapnel cloud nearly kills Chessick. Luckily, Twitch snags him with a grapple gun before he gets sucked through the hole and falls to his death. Toff heals him up magically, and Twitch and the spirit enter to grab the drives.

Aemon and Ort decide to flee, but find that the spiders seems to have locked the building down, with security shutters over man doors. They manage to pry and squeeze their way through, but lose 1 gun and their crowbar in the effort. They jump out a back window on the 2nd floor, to head to their Underground entrance/escape route, where their Rat Pack contact awaits. They are spotted by some civilians, some of whom scream, flee, film them, or call for help. They dash off on foot, but are quickly overtaken by 2 cop cars. They race for the sewers, but Aemon is killed by a shotgun blast after firing at one of the cars. Ortega scoops him up, and dives in, as the Rat Pack drags a cover over. Fearing for his friend’s life (and immortal soul), Ortega massages some of his blood down Aemon’s throat, returning him sputtering to life (though only just).

The rest of the team, having retrieved the drives with no trouble, manages to join the milling patrons as they are escorted from the building (as the explosion appears to have set off a seismic sensor, and the spirit some sort of astral intrusion alarm). With Toff maintaining their invisibility spells, and some lucky sneaking, they escape the police cordon that is hastily being established, and rendevouz with their own Rat Pack escape route a short ways away. Twitch grabbed 1 extra drive, so they have 1 mystery drive for Sully’s client, 1 for themselves, and the sole master copy of the blueprints of NYC for One. Now they just have to escape through the treacherous tunnels of the Underground.

A Manhattan Project
8/10/2015, 4:23:02 PM
Runners
Aemon Burst
Ortega
Chessick Allens-Whitehill
Munty
Twitch

Ro Tain returns to Renraku’s warm embrace to “upgrade her body”, they have apparently made some advances since she was initially grown. The rest of the team (including Christopher Toff and Chem) leave Chicago, with Munty onboard as well. They smuggle Aemon and Ort out in the compartments, using some fast talking and bribes. They head for NYC, while shaking off the pestilential effects of the previous fight with the toxies. Munty hears from Pia Oliversson that she has a job lined up for them in NYC, and is sending a new runner named Twitch out to meet them. They arrange to link up at LaGuardia, and leave Chem and Toff with the vans in longterm parking, to watch over all the gear they can’t carry onto Manhattan.

They link up, and get kinda weirded out by Twitch, who asks to stash a large load of BTL’s in their van as well. They receive a message from a local fixer named Sully offering them a ride into town, and some help navigating Manhattan’s peculiarities. As Sully claims to know all the best spots, and they are early for the meet, Chessick gets him to drop by a quality back alley suit place, and get his armor repaired as well as some new duds. They head to the meet, at a bar called Contents Under Pressure. Weirdly, they have a window for the meet rather than a specific time. They get in with no trouble as they left all their weapons behind, and grab a table. However, they all get distracted or approached by various parties, including some agonizing college philosophers, a recent divorcee, a gigolo on the prowl, and a wine snob. Managing to control their tempers and navigate some social situations, they wait around for the Johnson, though their suspicions are somewhat aroused by the unusual forwardness of the patrons. Munty picks some pockets, but failing to find anything good, gives up and sleeps under the table for a bit.

After and hour has passed, they are ushered into a back room by an apologetic server, where an Asian man in fatigues with a 58th Battle Brigade unit patch brings them through a secret door. They find themselves in a loading dock, surrounded by more mercs, with a table set in the middle of the room. Across the table are 3 people: a large female African troll carrying a drone, a surprisingly-aged Asian elf man in a robe covered in Wujen symbols, with glowing eyes and lightning crackling from his fingers, and an Asian man who looks like a classic suited gangster. The gangster type ushers them over and tells them to sit. Chessick inquires what was up with that stuff in the bar, and the man half smiles and says it was “merely a test.”

After some cryptic negotiation of terms and pay, they introduce themselves as One, and explain that they are hiring on behalf of the Red Dragon Triad. They want to subsume the local Big Circle Triad into their organization, and want the team to blackmail 3 of the more vulnerable council members. As long as they convince all 3 to cooperate, or convince 2 and kill 1, before the end of the week, they will be paid in full and potentially offered further work. They receive a dossier on the targets, and get to work. After some B&E and some social engineering, they convince the first target to cooperate by securing surveillance of her communicating with the Triad, and threatening to alert her employers at Zurich Orbital Bank to her affiliations. Being a logical type, and seeing that she is a bad spot, she agrees. Twitch creeps everyone out a little by switching back and forth between a wannabe romantic comedy character and a noir detective persona during the run. Onto the next target!

They decide to have Twitch stay and watch the safehouse during the next leg, as he seems to have defaulted to his base “blank” state and is weirding everyone out. Sully messages Ortega that there are some of “his people” in a community in The Pit, after dropping Ort off near The Continental, and seemingly discerning his purpose/true nature despite his disguise. Ort decides to check it out while the rest of the team recons the next 2 targets. He gets to the Pit with no trouble, and follows his nose once inside. However, he fails to scare off some local ganger youth after misplaying his attempt to intimidate, and decides he better teach one a lesson. Before he knows it, he has caught and is devouring the youngest one, a boy of about 12. Horrified at his harming of a child, he panics, and Aemon has to talk him back to the safehouse, where he decides to lay low for a while.

The rest of the team checks out the second target, a talismonger with Aztechnology ties. Munty scopes out his shop, and spots a back room where it looks like the real deals go down, as the front is mostly tourist trinkets and some basic reagents. She buys an enormous quantity of rabbit’s feet as a cover, and leaves. Aemon mails them to Aemon’s Kids as a gift, along with a carton of smokes. They decide that Chessick (acting as a dilettante) and Aemon (his bodyguard) while distract the mark and get him out of the shop, while Munty infiltrates and sets up some surveillance gear. Chessick convinces him and his girlfriend to hit the clubs (on Chessick’s dime) and they close up early. They go to a Triad club, but Aemon is able to confirm via Jackpoint that it is neither Big Circle nor Red Dragon operated: a good first component for the blackmail.

The talismonger procures some drugs from a source at the club, who he seems to be steeply in debt to. He gets Chessick to overpay, paying down his debt a bit, and they all slam back a small vial. Chessick is forced to astrally perceive for the first time ever, and spends hours dancing, before Aemon makes him vomit to try to get him out of there (after the mark leaves). Chessick keeps tripping for hours though, and has a nasty crash afterwards, as well as terrifying dreams of shadowy forms trying to grasp him. He wakes up wanting more, desperately, and Aemon, with some research, is able to confirm that he has become addicted to tempo, an incredibly dangerous drug with some nasty side effects. However, they got good blackmail info.

Meanwhile, Munty infiltrated the shop (using biometrics that Chessick had hacked in) without a hitch, and plants the cameras. She tries to steal another rabbit foot on the way out, but almost sets off a motion detector and bails instead. They decide to leave the cameras to gather more evidence for another day or so while they check out target 3: a Renraku Computer Systems security officer. His only vulnerability (as he lives where he works, at a secure Renraku complex) is his daughter, who attends a prestigious private girl’s school downtown. They decide to take a 2-pronged approach, so Chessick hacks her social media profile, figures out how to copy her writing style from some old assignments, and forges some heavily plagiarized work for her upcoming assignments, explicitly violating the school’s code of conduct. He sets a data bomb inside, to delete the files if the father cooperates.

That night, Munty sneaks past the school’s security, while the rest of the team provide matrix, astral, and physical overwatch, and gains access to the girl’s room. She takes a picture of her gloved hands “framing” the sleeping girl’s face, and then plugs into her commlink, which Chessick hacks and uses to submit the plagiarized assignments. Munty can’t resist stealing some ice cream from the dorm room fridge, and slips while climbing back out the window and trying to eat it at the same time, falling into some shrubs below. Luckily, she manages to slow her fall and creep off before security responds, though it does look like she woke up the people in the room she left as well.

They call the father from their doss in Terminal, and give him the terms: he will cooperate or they will get his daughter expelled. They send the pic Munty took to get his attention, and prove they can get to her when/should they need to. He grunts and angrily tries to argue but Chessick shuts him down, having correctly surmised that attending this school will be a major social step up for the next gen of his family, and that he is unwilling to compromise. He agrees to help, although he says that they have greatly dishonored him, which Chessick scoffs at. They bail on Terminal, in case the sec officer tracks them, and head to The Pit to try to crash with the ghouls. They find the Ghoul Liberation League compound without any trouble, and arrange to rent a safe room there for the next few nights. Ort is summoned upstairs to meet their leader, Vasuda Mueller.

She tells him that his actions of a few nights previous have caused some problems, as the GLL has a carefully negotiated arrangement with the other denizens of The Pit. Eating children on the street is not how they do things here. He apologizes, and she tells him that it would be a shame to have to throw him in with the ferals in the underground. Ort takes the hint and promises to behave. She also says that given his situation (i.e. the bounty) it would be best if he laid low, as she doesn’t want any trouble for her people, though she appreciates his True Communion teachings. He tells her he is only passing through town.

They decide to retrieve the gear from the talismonger’s, and Munty sneaks back in while Ort provides lookout, while Chessick and Aemon go back to the same bar to meet up with the proprietor again. They quickly review the footage, but don’t find any further incriminating evidence- it seems like he runs the shop pretty clean, and mostly keeps his habits on the sidelines. So Chessick lays it out with what they have: he is addicted to a notoriously dangerous, unstable drug, and is in debt to dealer’s working for a different Triad, all of which Big Circle would frown upon. The mark agrees to swap loyalties, on the condition that Chessick gets Red Dragon to square his debts and allow him to do as he pleases with his free time. Chessick runs it by One, who agree, and confirms.

With that completed, they accept a final small task from One, and deliver some sort of message scroll to the Big Circle Triad’s incense master at his fancy penthouse. The rest of the council is also there- the sec officer staring daggers at them, the talismonger casually greeting them, and the auditor avoiding their eyes. The fact that runners, rather than Red Dragon Triad members, delivered this message is a calculated insult (and perhaps the real message) to remind the BC of their new place as RD subsids. They leave, before any trouble starts, having succeeded in not doing anything grossly inappropriate. Ort receives a call from Vasuda, who tells him her sources say that some Euro types have been asking after him around town. The team decides not to go back to the GLL place, in case it’s being watched, and accept another job from One, which includes a decent hotel in the pay. This time, they’re going to break into the ultra-secure offline archive and steal the master blueprints for NYC!

Team 2 Part 5
8/10/2015, 3:20:23 PM
Runners
Shri Moreau
Achilles Serifim
and introducing: Twitch

The team, holed up in their Ork Underground safehouse, is getting antsy, and wants to start looking for revenge. Servaas Nikolic has been distracting himself with pilfered BTL’s, and gone down a bit of a rabbit hole. Munty and TenTen both left town to work side jobs, and Shri has been distracting herself with the supply delivery boys from Aemon’s Kids. Achilles sits quietly and thinks about killing. Meanwhile, Twitch has arrived in Seattle. He can’t remember exactly who sent him here, or where he came from, but he has the number for a local fixer, and calls her up.

Pia Oliversson contacts Shri, and tells her to get Achilles and go to the Big Rhino to meet a new potential teammate, Twitch. They do so, and Achilles and Twitch, both with their own cyber-problems, have a rambling and bizarre conversation. However, he seems to have some relevant skills (once he has time to download them), so they agree to try him out for Pia. She says she has a lead on Raoul Ortega, the Johnson who screwed them on the last job. They meet up with Izidor Kurtlanik, an info broker with Aztechnology ties, who says that if they pull a job for him he’ll get them the info they want.

They agree, and get the rundown: Izidor wants them to look into the local activities of a “terrorist” group called Sangre y Acero, apparently composed initially of ex-pit fighters from Aztlan, who have formed a mystical monastic order dedicated to anti-corp activity. Achilles and Twitch both think this group sounds kind of cool, but they take the job. Pia provides a list of local gyms that she thinks might be a good place to meet fighters, and get an in to the underground circuit. They run through the list, with Shri posing as a manger, and arrange to join in a bareknuckle boxing night at one rundown spot, and pay for membership at a higher end place that caters to augments. They train there for a few days, while dropping hints about being interested in making some cash.

Achilles and Twitch both win their bouts at the boxing event, but they overhear some people talking about the Vory V Zakone run the best fights in town down by the docks. Shri tries to get more info but is rebuffed. However, after a few days healing and training, they both receive invites to an upcoming Vor fight. They arrive, and find that it’s a gladiatorial style event, with one-on-one’s, teams, and paracritters as opponents. It seems the fights are to the death, also, which no-one had mentioned. The other fighters look mostly grim, crazed, desperate or some combo of the 3. Achilles tries to cheer one man up, but ends up creeping him out worse maybe, before he is torn apart by a pack of awakened coyotes.

About midway through the night, Twitch and Achilles are called up to fight a piasma, and barely escape with their lives, mostly thanks to Achilles monowhip skills. Shri, in the crowd, notices some ascetic looking cyber-warriors taking note, and hopes for the best. Both Achilles and Twitch find invites to join S.y.A in their gear back in the locker room, and after splitting the purse with Shri, head to the arranged meet. Shri sneaks up and hides nearby, not being invited herself. They find a group, mostly orks and humans, all dressed in urban camo and well-armed, and all sporting a fair amount of ’ware.

The leader introduces himself in a light Aztlaner accent as “El Comandante” and offers them entry, if they pass his test. He summons 2 burly orks forward, who hand over their rifles to their compatriots and whip out combat axes. Achilles and Twitch, both injured from the night’s fight already, try to strategize, and manage to knock both orks out of the fight, without getting knocked out themselves. Twitch stops Achilles from killing one, figuring the Comandante would appreciate restraint. He presents them both with berets featuring the group’s sigil, and whisks them away in 2 vans. They get a membership count and some facial images, which Shri forwards to Izidor, but the vans are jammed, and she loses them for a while before they pop up for a moment in a nearby Z-zone, due to Twitch’s satellite link. She tells them to blend in and see what they can learn, and report in when possible.

They watch training trids, and receive the relevant indoctrination. Achilles is really excited at first, but realizes that he doesn’t share the group’s anti-corp fervor. Twitch plays along, but tries not to get invested. The members seem to train constantly, and meditate when not training. They don’t discriminate amongst corp targets: labs, corp citizens, researchers, stocks/stores, anything at all seems to be a legit target. There seems to be only about a dozen members, though, as they say they lost some recently, and recruited these 2 to take their place, in preparation for an upcoming mission (which will come down the pipeline from a different cell to the Comandante).

They find out the target, and Twitch gets a message off the Shri as they load in the vans and head out. She warns Izidor, and asks him to make sure her team gets out ok. He agrees to try. Twitch manages to sneak off as the others in his van bust through the gate at the pier-side AZT facility, but Achilles’ van races directly in and he is unable to bail before it is hit by a missile and gatling fire from a HTR chopper. His half of the strike team is gunned down, and he is captured as the other half of the team stages a fighting retreat. Twitch and Shri link up, and debrief with Izidor, after which he gives them the info they sought. Twitch heads to NYC to link up with Munty for another job, having proven himself useful to Pia and the team.

Izidor relays the following: “Raoul Ortega” was (as speculated) a fake SIN. All of the chatter on the matrix about him was also faked, which was apparent once the time/date stamps and other markers were closely examined. He also doesn’t work for AZT, as he was hinting, which makes sense as AZT hasn’t made any gains in the wake of the run, and are in fact being sued at the Corporate Court for their “involvement.” However, Evo Corporation has benefited significantly, securing contracts making them the second largest corp presence in the Sioux Nation after Ares Macrotechnology. It seems that Mr. Johnson was working for them instead. They also receive a pic of him (as he was wearing a disguise during their meet), and his real name: Theo Two-Hearts. He was apparently the heir apparent to the “old man” who ran WRC for a generation. After the old man’s recent death, the rest of the family forced Theo out, due to his mixed Native/Caucasian ancestry, preferring that a pure Sioux member take control. Theo seems to have lost it, and using resources and tricks learned under the old man’s tutelage, to have devised his scheme to ruin WRC, and secure himself a cushy spot in a different corp. Shri relays this to Pia and the team, and they begin scheming…

Meanwhile, Achilles wakes up after a day in a brightly lit interrogation room, trapped in a bolted-down chair with fused manacles. After a few moments, a very friendly man with an Aztlaner accent saunters in and seats himself. He cheerily breaks Achilles down through a series of question, statements, and revelations, and forces him to realize that he won’t be leaving here without providing some info. He’s also really friendly, which throws Achilles off. He gives up a SIN each of Shri’s, Munty’s, Caria’s, and Tenten’s (not knowing he is already dead), as well as all the details of the run against WRC. At the end, the man talks him into signing his statement (which perhaps AZT will try to use to escape charges at the CC?) before leaving the room. A short while later, 2 large humans enter, and defuse Achilles, before roughly escorting him down a winding series of passages, and tossing him out a brick door onto a rotting dock.

He wanders a bit to get a signal, and gets ahold of Shri, who seems suspicious, but agrees to meet him at the nearest Ork Underground entrance, and bring him in. They return to the safehouse, and he reveals his somewhat accidental (or at least non-voluntary) treachery. Shri, reminded too closely of her own past, walks out to clear her head (or perhaps muddy it further) and everyone else debates what to do…

Next Time: the Judgement of Achilles!

Chi-Town Redux Part 4
7/15/2015, 1:35:48 PM
Runners
Ro Tain
Ortega
Aemon Burst
Christopher Toff
Chessick Allens-Whitehill
Chem

While everyone else is off on side jobs, Ortega accepts an invite to the Ghoul Liberation League HQ, and meets up with Blaine Hammond himself. Hammond gets Ort talking about his ghoul catholicism beliefs, and tells him he loves what he hears. Hammond seems like a real slick politico type, but Ort is totally taken in. Hammond gets Ort to deliver some thrilling speeches to receptive infected crowds, and rebrands his belief system True Communion. He also tells Ort that they have a little problem though- last time Ort was in Chicago, he took out a bounty on 2 ghoul flesh traders, and many ghouls were killed (as well as many amateur bounty hunters) trying to collect before Hammond put a stop to it. So, the way he sees it, Ort owes them so skilled new ghouls. Hammond suggests he start with his team members, as they seem useful. He pats Ort on the shoulder, and Ort feels… something, he’s not sure what.

After about 2 weeks hanging with the ghouls (during which time he is well fed!), Ort links back up with everyone else as they filter back in to Midway. The team, having seen the first few convo’s with Hammond (before someone spotted and disabled the drone they had tailing Ort), are a bit worried, but Aemon tries to be supportive, knowing Ort has had it rough recently. They also find hidden multi-corporate RFID trackers in the van that Chessick and Aemon just used on their failed job. They take a job from the Neo-A’s and Jackpoint members, who have raised funds to go on a revenge/info grab mission against Omega Dawn, who they suspect knows where they are staying now. Good to be proactive.

They decide to use Ort as bait, posing as a street preacher. Chessick and Ro compose an epic anti-capitalist screed, and Chessick programs a slick teleprompter ARO for Ort, who brushes up on speechifying as best he can. Ro and Aemon set up sniper/surveillance nests in some ruined buildings, while Ort preaches midblock, and Chessick and Toff hang nearby in the camo’d van. Chessick casually mentions the street preaching on his “Americana” blog, attracting some spectators. They fail to notice someone planting a bomb under Ort’s rubble pulpit on the 2nd night, although the bomber fails to notice them also. Everyone is surprised when Ort and the crowd explode at the climax of the speech. The civilians are shredded by a powerful anti-personnel mine, but Ort manages to survive, although he is quickly felled by automatic weapons fire from a sniper and 4 OD goons approaching on foot.

Ro and Aemon return fire on the sniper, unable to spot the camo’d ground team, and get into a sniper duel. They do some damage but the enemy seems distressingly durable. He drops Aemon. Toff summons a spirit to distract the sniper, which works, and then manages to massively overcast a series of stunballs, ko-ing a few of the goons, as they try to capture the ko’d Ort. Sadly, Ort is massively wounded by the spells also, and further injured when the OD team calls a withdrawal and chucks grenades to cover their exit. The team barely manages to keep Ort alive, and capture one of the OD members (the other ko’d one was killed in the explosion). A suicide bomb drone divebombs them as they race to the van, but Aemon manages to shoot it out of the sky.

Paranoid about more drones, they blast an area jammer, and Chessick jams the goon additionally. They return to Midway, and use the faraday cage in the van’s smuggling compartment to get the goon to a secure medical area where they can keep him jammed to avoid any more drone interference (they hope). They also warn Gamze Seidel, but she says that Thankyou aka Eckhard Roberts has upgraded their drone defense net with some kind of distributed intelligence, which worries the team quite a bit (but also makes them feel temporarily safer).

Chessick runs a deep dive with Carme Kofi on the host that TY found at the OD facility that he tracked the team back to. However, TY set off some booby traps going in, and they have a limited amount of time, but they get some good info on The Soak, who seems to be one of the Chicago leaders. They retrieve his bizarre manifesto, which is mostly fascistic ramblings, and a batman-esque semi-comprehensible “origin story”. The OD team members scrambled back to O’Hare, where they’re heavily protected, and lost TY and the others tailing.

Toff mind probes the goon, and finally manages to break through their mental defenses, after they ko them with a carefully managed drug cocktail. They get deep into the goon’s brain, and find out that he was recruited into Omega Dawn after working on a corpsec detail on which the rest of his team was killed by runners. They also find out a lot of details about OD and it’s organization and supply lines. They post the info to JP and pass it along to the Midway anarchists, and Ro also warns Hiro Katakura about possible intrusion into Renraku, which seems to get her back on his good side. He offers her some fancy new upgrades, next time she has some downtime.

Ro uses a newly acquired PAB bio-assist therapy machine to decondition the goon over a week, leaving him totally broken down. They also infect the goon with HMHVV and test some of Chem’s drugs on him, before passing him onto the Ghoul Liberation League, to start paying off Ort’s debt. Chem has been cooking up a storm, and paying for info on the toxies who killed his team and tortured him. He thought the Swamp Thangs might have been involved, but after raiding their base, realized they weren’t the ones. Word on the street and returns from info brokers have lead him to the local Painted Horse Lodge, where some rumors of toxicity have been stirring.

They check the current bounties on toxies, and figure that if they find one, they’ll try to take them alive and cash in. They also find out that Ortega has been officially excommunicated, and that his bounty has gone up significantly (seemingly coming from the Church). They also find that there is a bounty for Aemon (who freaks out, thinking it is for the families he helped kill), for killing the Milwaukee Mob boss’ dog. They decide to do this one last job, and then get outta town.

TY tells them there’s work in Boston, and that they should pull a job in NYC to pay for getting smuggled in. Aemon also hears that an unknown adult western dragon was seen over Boston, crashing into a NeoNET tower and a stadium, while trailing some sort of iridescent blue cloud. The QZ went up shortly after, so he does some research, and Sem-par tells him that it sounds like the nano-weapon that Aztechnology deployed versus Sirrurg. Worrying… Chessick gets a sort of apology from TY, and agrees to work with him again, on the condition TY will land him an interview with New Lives. He does, and Chessick has a pretty interesting chat with someone who ID’s himself as one of the Monads, a confusingly pluralized term. He gets some info about CFD infection/transmission, as well as a promise of future convo’s.

They head for the PHL, and Ro (being the only team member present with a mentor spirit) enters, having secured a meeting with Rayen through Lothan The Wise. Ro, not being the best liar, dances around the issue somewhat confusingly while claiming to be interested in joining, but Rayen adamantly denies the presence of any true toxics in their lodge. Ro arranges to attend the meeting later to see for herself. While the team watches wirelessly from outside, Ro observes the meeting, and Chem is able to ID 2 middle-aged humans of the more adamantly anti-corp lodge members as some of the people who held him captive. However, they seem to be on the same page as some of the team with the anti-corp message, so there is some confusion, but Chem is adamant, and everyone hates toxies!

They wait for the meting to break up, and then follow the pair as they leave, linking up with a younger bulky ork. Chem keeps his distance for a few blocks, but then his vendetta gets the better of him, and he tries to ram their tandem bike. They dive out of the way, and a toxic spirit manifests in the van. Chem freaks out and leaps free, but as he was driving, the van crashes pretty hard. Aemon manages to drop the first spirit with a lucky shot, but they are all forced to flee the van when one of the shamans launches a pollutant wave inside.

They engage in a lengthy and damaging firefight with the mages and an acid-spitting spirit, and melee (the ork kid turns out to be a toxic adept, with radioactive punches that shred Ort’s armor). They emerge victorious, though acid-scarred, and manage to take in one of the shamans (and a variety of foci and fetishes) for the bounty, using Grendel to help them get a quick verification and payout. Ro flies out to NYC early, to go in for her Renraku-provided upgrades. The rest of the team heals up for a bit, and prepares to van convoy out to NYC, using the smuggling compartments to bring their gear and get Ort and Aemon out in relative safety.

Ro gets an angry call from Rayen, who blames her for the lodge member’s deaths/captures. Ro provides proof of their use of toxic magic, but Rayen counters with evidence of their effectiveness as anti-corp radicals. She says she didn’t support all of their methods, but that she welcomed their dedication: they were willing to use the corps’ methods against them. And they had incredible results. Ro tries to play it cool, but Rayen menacingly says that they will see each other again, using Ro’s real name (which she somehow found out).

Chi-Town Redux Part 3
7/5/2015, 11:05:18 PM
Runners
Aemon Burst
Chessick Allens-Whitehill
TenTen

While Ro and Toff are off on a side job, Aemon makes use of his new full Jackpoint membership to catch up on news. Mars is falling apart, with only Evo maintaining a significant presence. There is a massive news blackout, rumors of largescale nano-failure, damaging infrastructure and the terraforming project, and a Corporate Court-mandated quarantine upon arrival on Earth. There has been a mass exodus of those who could afford to leave. Public knowledge of the recent outbreaks of some sort of nano-disease has been slowly growing.. The Sioux Nation has also made a public offer for any head cases to come and receive treatment, sparking public outcry there and much suspicion and curiosity elsewhere.

Meanwhile, Chessick has hooked up with Carme Kofi and the Midwest Pirates Guild, and gets some major deck upgrades. He also gets a rundown on deep dives and the dream logic of the foundation underlying the new matrix. It seems bizarrely bio-organic, in terms of how hosts “grow” out of it. Excited about the prospect for accessing all that secret info, Chessick requests a tour sometime, and Kofi agrees, eagerly- he seems somewhat addicted to the UV/BTL-like conditions that the foundation provides to users. But it is a dangerous pursuit, so Chessick decides to hold off til he has a bit more downtime and cash for upgrades. He also finds an odd addition to his deck- a small part added on recently, which Slamm-O! id’s as nano-fabbed when Aemon posts it on JP. Chessick gets real stressed about Thankyou, as he was the last person that Chessick knows to have plugged into his headware.

Aemon gets a call through “mutual friends” from Nikolai Morozov, who tells him there is a simstar in the CZ that they want retrieved. They do some research into the job, and find out that he works for Evo, while the simstar is currently on Horizon’s roster. They figure it’ll be some quick cash, but want to bring some more muscle, so they call Chem and ask if there’s anyone promising hanging around the Vault. He recommends Tenten. They link up, and start researching the missing woman. They find out when she crossed into the zone, courtesy of a tip from Martin Tate. Aemon realizes that he has no idea who Tate actually works for, and after some research realizes he’s a Horizon employee, and he worries he may have just tipped his hand to the enemy.

They then call Nick Ryder, who gets them footage of her crossing a Lone Star checkpoint. He also says there’s someone else looking for her, and the team gets a call from Juan Xihuitl, who tells them Aztechnology has a kill order on the simstar. He offers them more money, but they refuse, and he says that he is disappointed and sadly must wish for their failure. Aemon accepts that, and they hit the street, questioning local dealers in the northern CZ. They find some that she encountered, while acting erratically, confirming their suspicions that she might be infected. They get a direction and start tracking her, and find the tracks lead to the old sniper’s nest near Garfield Park, after they pay Quantum Princess for some vid-footage from her relay there. Chessick briefly loses his shit due to flashbacks, but Tenten brings him back down, and gives him a kamikaze dose to use in case of emergency.

They sneak up to and enter the building, after Aemon gets some info from Plan 9 about a sign on the door- P9 id’s it as a sign of a safehouse for infected, and encourages an open mind. Aemon realizes they’ve stepped on a pressure plate and halts them. 2 oddly similarly-acting individuals come down a ladder and tell them not to step further in. Chessick tries to convince them to hand over the woman to spare the rest, but they say that although the woman’s body remains, someone else inhabits it now, and has no desire to return to corporate slavery. Although all the runners sympathize, they have a job to do, and Chessick tries again to convince them, even offering to help defend them against other runners who they are sure are on their way, due to tipping off the other corps to their involvement. They refuse again, saying (while completing each other’s sentences) that they will defend themselves, and refuting Chessick’s argument of a single sacrifice to fend off greater damage by saying they will not willingly sell one of their own out.

Tenten decides he better get things moving, and rages up while dosing on kamikaze. He punches the plats, breaking it, but also triggering the trap. Aemon manages to dive out of the way using his grapple gun, but Chessick gets near-fatally scorched by multiple flamethrowers. Tenten is wounded, but ignores the pain, and chases after the 2 head cases as they flee, knocking over the ladder they came down on in the process. Aemon and Tenten ko them both as they chase them through the building, and leave a drone by the back door. However, the 2 bodies are gone when they move back towards the front. Someone has moved Chessick’s prone form out of the way of the door, but the 2 are nowhere in sight. Tenten spots a man in security armor with a rifle across the street in the park, and races out to assault him. He comes under fire from multiple sources, and manages to drop the first guy before going down himself.

Aemon fires back a few more times, and exchanges some harsh words, while slapping the kamikaze onto Chessick to get him up and moving. They rush out the back, and get a message from Thankyou with a 10 second countdown. He races into the alley on a motorcycle with a sidecar, gunning down another sec-armored man. Chessick, still mad about his deck, almost refuses, but gets intimidated when TY turns his psychotic stare on him for a moment. They flee, spotting Omega Dawn’s symbol on the dead man’s armor as they pass. Aemon returns the next day with Chem, and retrieve the van, which needs some repair after being vandalized over the night. They also check the head case hideout, and find Tenten’s body strung up and eviscerated, with his guts twisted into a crude Omega. They also find a bunch of anti-corp literature, as well as some lines from a manifesto seemingly preaching freedom from the corps, and identifying the group as New Lives. Chessick, intrigued by his discussion the previous day, decides from his hospital bed to try to track them down and ask more questions. They return Morozov’s money, and he says he isn’t happy but appreciates their honesty, and that he will be hiring a “more capable” team to complete the job (if possible).

After Ro and Toff return, and get briefed on all the troubles, Ro and Aemon have a sitdown and discuss their suspicions about TY. They agree to keep an eye on him (and also Chem, given his poor recommendation of Tenten), and Aemon seems to finally acknowledge Ro as de facto leader. He also confesses his roll in the attacks on the Human Brigade settlement, which Ro (as a good leader) doesn’t offer judgement on, at least immediately. They agree to keep having these chats. TY tells them that he’s been researching Zion Amalgamated and Knights of the Dragon, as possible leads to further Gilgamesh Initiative facilities, and that all signs point to them setting up a new lab in Boston, which fits their MO. He says he may have more work for them soon.

Chi-Town Redux Part 2
6/28/2015, 11:34:54 PM
Runners:
Ro Tain
Christopher Toff
Munty

Toff spends a bunch of time after the Gilgamesh Initiative run at the ASPS Sanctum. He learns that what he witnessed in that facility was high-level cybermancy. He also picks up some rumors about the Chicago Wyvern, which apparently bares some resemblance to Dunkelzahn, at least in profile. He agrees to research it further for the Church of the Dragon Reborn. Jason Two-Spirits hires Toff to do a job investigating the Aleph Society, and brings in an infiltration expert from Seattle named Munty to help out. They decide to also bring Ro in on it.

Two-Spirits and Seeks-The-Moon, with Dr. Eric Kersh’s help, have forged a magical artifact that they think the team will be able to barter for entry with the organization. They want to know what Aleph is up to, and how they are doing it: they claim to be able to heal essence loss, and ASPS sources inside Ares Macrotechnology say that corporate infiltrators have confirmed that the ritual works. So they want to know how- they are worried it is blood magic or some sort of spirit problem, and say that astral space is bad in the vicinity of their campus, the former site of DePaul University. The team agrees.

They do some research, and find that Aleph is doing outreach at Camp Lincoln in the CZ. Doing some research, and calling Lothan for info, they find out that Chem and Ortega’s paranoia about Camp Lincoln is somewhat misplaced- although they may also be cannibals, they are primarily a community living in the park which knows how to make willing people ‘disappear’, for a price. They have some sort of connection to Spider, who hates insects, so they imagine there are some shamans about. The team reaches the camp, and following a web-like maze, emerge into a clearing where a tent and some benches have been set up. An Aleph barker calls out for all shattered souls to join them in their healing wisdom.

They make it through a propagandistic meeting, and pay upfront dues to move in as 1st level students at the Society’s campus. They hide their illicit gear in a smuggling compartment in the van and park it securely nearby, but are stripped of their possession and told they must work without magical assistance to appreciate fully the gifts they will receive. They spend a week opening up another housing block, as the Society appears to be attracting many new members, before they move up a level, and start receiving lectures on the history of the Society. They still work, but Ro and Toff manage to cover for Munty as she sneaks around and recons. She finds that the lecturers (and high level initiates) all live in an old admin building, with warded lower levels. She figures out what security devices they need to bypass to enter.

At the final lecture, some high level acolytes pull a man from the crowd, who they claim is an ex-insect shaman trying to infiltrate the order to get power back. Before the 2nd-tier students, they burn the man alive inside of a force sphere, so they are unable to hear his screams as the lecturer rants about maintaining the purity of Aleph. Munty manages to sweet talk him after the lecture long enough to copy his prints, and Toff uses clairaudience to overhear the vocal code. Munty manages to sneak into the office with these. Toff and Ro notice that a number of other students left in the wake of the burning, and think Munty’s absence should be dismissable as such. They are told they will be required to swear fealty the next day.

Munty hides out inside in a vent, waiting for a low-traffic time. Toff and Ro and awoken in the middle of the night by cloaked figures carrying torches and told the fealty ritual can’t wait. They are brought via levitation to the top of the admin building, while Munty begins sneaking into the basement inside. They partake in the ritual, which uses a small amount of blood and drains them of some karma. Toff sees that in the astral they all now have a thin bond to some distant metaplane, but he can’t tell which one. They then have a celebration/meet and greet with the acolytes who brought them there, as well as the Society’s current leader, Sierra LaGuardia. Toff and Ro decide to use the page to try to get more info before they get deeper in, and con LaGuardia, who seems eager for more ‘sacred books’- she apparently has 2 and seeks a 3rd, claiming they are relics of Atlantis.

She has the page, the runners, and 2 acolytes brought to her office, where her initial examination, and their explanation of where they found it (claiming they retrieved it from The Foul One’s lair) seem to pass muster. She then leads them down to the basement. Munty, meanwhile, has been exploring, and managed to sneak through the physical plant into a sub-basement using a vocal sample of LaGuardia that Ro sent along. Munty finds a series of 4 surveilled hallways wrapping around a seemingly perfectly smooth concrete cube that runs floor to ceiling. Unable to find a way in, she briefly despairs, before hearing the others descending the stairs and runs and hides.

They enter the cube after LaGaurdia shapes open a door, and Munty manages to sneak in right behind them as it closes, while Ro distracts. They proceed past an armed guard into a library, while Munty hangs back and tases the guard, very quietly. She slips in the library door, just as the others exit the far side, after LaGuardia returns one of the sacred tomes (used in the fealty ritual) to its proper place. Munty begins flipping through and photographing both The Book of Gaf and The Book of Tak, before finding the logs of the secret history of the order. She hears some distant explosions and rumblings, and takes cover.

Meanwhile, the rest of the team has entered a shadowy room with a large, shaded sphere occupying almost all the available space. Toff briefly assenses, and sees that this is likely a metaplanar gate of some sort, and realizes that 2 shadowy spirit forms seem to be the end destination of the astral threads that they all gained in the ritual. LaGuardia walks into the sphere, seemingly supported by nothing, and plays the page on a shadow altar. It lights into flame and disintegrates, and LaGaurdia calls out as the spirits seem to begin draining something of her, with everyone hearing a dry and crackled voice saying that “this is not a true revelation.” The acolytes seem briefly unsure what to do, and Toff manages to magic open the only exit as they attack Ro. With Munty’s help, they put them down, but hear more explosions nearer by.

They hide as best they can as a buffed-up LaGuardia emerges from the shadow sphere trailing it’s aura. Some cybered-up mercs, seemingly from the Society of the Phoenix Arisen based on their armor, enter from the opposite side, having breached the door, and open fire. The bullets seem to bounce off LaGuardia, a power the team has only seen on spirits before, with her quickly healing any damage she does take. She crushes one of the mercs in some kind of gravity sphere. The team sneaks out, but one of the mercs nearly guns down Ro before getting distracted by spirit magic. They manage to make good their escape amidst the chaos- it looks like Phoenix Arisen is taking revenge for the dead amongst their number at their disastrous holiday party in Seattle the year before.

They reach Sanctum again, and the ASPS manages to break their blood pact before it drains them much further. They are healed up and receive their pay, as well as passing the info along. Ro and Toff both also pass on the general info (but not the ritual specifics) to Renraku Computer Systems and the Dragon Church, respectively. The ASPS strongly requests they keep the specifics secret, as they are too dangerous to be out in the public- many burnouts are desperate enough to attempt just such a ritual to get their mojo back.

Chi-Town Redux
6/22/2015, 5:48:30 PM
Runners:
Aemon Burst
Chessick Allens-Whitehill
Ortega
Ro Tain
Christopher Toff
and introducing: Chem

The team heads out from Norfolk, stashing Ortega and all their illicit gear in the smuggling compartments. They get across the border with no trouble, and make a stop at ATF, on the southside outskirts of Chicago. Aemon stocks up on all of their branded merch, as the shirt he bought here previously is barely holding together. The rest of the team gears up, and Chessick manages to get access to the illicit “special stash” after interviewing and charming the owners. They complain about how the increased corp presence is eating into their business, and it does seem like they are a bit less completely-stocked than previously. As they head further into southside, they see that ATF are not the only one’s effected: the corps have been making inroads (sometimes literally) all over, the matrix is running better, but the ARO ads are near constant. Project: Takeback seems to be a big success for big business so far, but the team is curious to see how it is in the CZ.

They contact Thankyou aka Eckhard Roberts, who says he will have some work for them soon, and also arranges for them to have secure housing at the anarchist-controlled Midway Airport, where he has been dossing down in exchange for helping out with technical repairs and perimeter security. They agree to chip in as appropriate, and head into the CZ, bribing some border guards. The lines are a lot longer getting in (and the security a bit less-militarized) so it looks like the corps are pushing into the CZ too. Chessick writes some angry screeds about corp intrusion, but most of the rest of the team just see the nuyen piling up in their mind’s eye. While driving, they have heard news reports of a ongoing review of A, AA, and AAA corporate statuses by the Corporate Court, so no doubt the corps will be operating in full panic mode until it is resolved- good news for runners.

They reach the base, and are introduced to the 2 security committee heads, Gamze Seidel and Vinko Novacek. They brief them on the situation: they can stay on-base if they solve a missing-persons mystery for the anarchists. Some supply runners and a 2-person security patrol haven gone missing in the last few days, and they can’t spare anyone to investigate. The team agrees, and heads out. Using tracking from last known locations, as well as Toff’s spellcraft, they locate the burned out supply cart, and find a body pile as well as 2 booby-trapped people with all their limbs removed. Scouting around, they find a camera and seismic sensor, which Aemon destroys, but Chessick manages to harvest a sat-uplink that they were attached to. They manage to save one of the maimed people, with Ortega diving on the explosive while Ro lifts the body out of the way. However, Ort can’t handle 2 blasts like that, and they fear what info the sensor may have sent along, so they head back to airport to get more help.

When they return, the remaining maimed person has been killed with a very precise double-tap, and the explosive removed. Aemon almost sets off another tripwire trap, but Ro spots it and disarms it. They also find a symbol on the wall, and omega sign over a suburst. Conferring with the anarchists, and researching on Jackpoint, they ID this as the tag of a mysterious anti-leftist deathsquad that JP-ers have termed Omega Dawn. Ro and Aemon (upgraded to full membership) are added to a working group on the subject, and Ro puts out the word that she’s paying for info on this group, and gets some info from Nick Ryder about crime scenes around Chicago that the logo has turned up at. Lacking any substantial leads at the moment, they decide to keep an eye out and put this on the back burner while they make some money.

Toff helps with healing, as does Aemon, Ro and Ortega help with physical security and training, and Chessick works with Gamze on improving the sensor net and matrix security (such as it is- they are one of the nodes for NooseNet, so it’s about as good as it gets in the CZ). They hit it off, and end up spending a lot of time together. Chessick continues his interview series. Aemon, wanting to seem cool, tries to party with Simon Andrews, but he’s working on something for SK elsewhere, so Aemon invites Suzuki Jones to join them, which she agrees to: the reporting opportunity of her young career! She seems to write pieces that don’t insert her into the story as much as Chessick does, so it seems like they can avoid stepping on each other’s toes. They all go to a large funeral celebration/corpse-burning (aside from one woman who wanted to be donated as ghoul food) with the bodies left by Omega Dawn. It is a somber affair, which Ortega makes uncomfortable by getting way too into how this was “god’s plan” before Chessick and Toff manage to steer it back in a safer direction.

The next morning, they get a frantic call from Sid Gambetti requesting their help. Chessick squeezes him for more money, as they kind of have him over a barrel due to his desperation. He tells them to swing by The Vault and pick up a local guy that he already hired for the job, who knows his way around. They meet up with Chem, and find that they are driving the same van (though the team’s is waaay more tricked out, giving Chem some ambitions). They head to near Northside, into Horde/Ork Protectorate turf, to find the hangout of the Chemical Boys, the street gang that is shaking Sid down. They find it, and Chessick manages to talk his way into a back room, where he meets the gang’s leader, and ork deceptively named The Ogre, who has a rep for psychotic violence. Chessick boldly joins his poker game, and manages to win, and the Ogre delivers the info as promised: they were hired by an ex-fighter named Garza to blackmail Sid. He also gives Garza’s girlfriend’s address, where Garza says he can usually be found, as he appreciates Chessick’s “troll-sized balls.” They make their way off without any bloodshed, disappointing Aemon and Ortega (who was hoping for a free meal).

They find Garza, and kidnap him after knocking him unconscious when he tries to fight them. They take him to one of Horogront’s shops, and rent a maintenance bay where they interrogate him. Although he seems like a piece of shit, they discover that he thinks Sid tasered him, thus causing him to lose the fight (which he was maybe supposed to throw anyway), and that a mafia security spider gave him some vid stills, promising more if he paid up. Hence the extortion. They pay to smuggle him, his gf, and his child to Denver, figuring he can start over as a fighter there more easily than here, where he is pretty burned (as well as giving him some distance from the Milwaukee Mob, who he just burned).

They head way into Northside, effectively Milwaukee, to the gated community where the spider lives and works as inhouse security for the recently-retired Don Leo McCaskill. They infiltrate through some sewers, and sneak up to the house, with Chessick doing some quick thinking to hack a security drone that spots him. They mange to avoid the sensors, and Aemon kills the Don’s dog, which is sleeping at the foot of his bed, as they clamber through his open window on the 2nd floor. They avoid waking the old man, who looks sickly and is hooked up to a ventilator, and manage to reach the spider’s lair. They grab and jam him before he can dash into a nearby security room, and ko him to carry him out.

They escape after fighting off a powerful spirit, and flee in the van. They interrogate the spider, who tries to lead them into a trap down at the docks. They see through it, ko him again, and have Chessick hack his comms. He finds a copy of the file, copies and deletes it, and manages to find the original in a “secure” data lock. He deletes that after confirming that only the 1 copy exits, and they leave the spider on the curb by the AB+ hospital at Trinity College, after Toff convinces them not to kill him. Sid pays up, and they hand over the file, but Chessick keeps some snap shots of the telling moments just in case. Chem joins them at Midway, feeling that it could be good to work with a team again, though he insists on sleeping in his van near an exit “just in case”.

They get hired a few days later by Lothan The Wise to collect some rare reagents from the old Field Museum, renamed Sanctum, and currently under control of the ASPS. They go there, and arrange to trade the canister of presolar grains for some research on the Cermak Crater- a dangerous task! They get a custom sensor device built by the ASPS’ Chicago head, Dr. Eric Kersh, meet his odd friend Daytripper, hop in some radsuits, and head out. They reach the crater, and manage to get their sample, but Ortega is heavily injured while playing with/distracting 2 radiation spirits that appear as small children. He stumbles blindly out of the crater, his dosimeter black, and gets back into comms range of the van where Toff and Chessick are waiting, horrified. The manascape here is the most awful thing that Toff has ever seen: seemingly an astral wound, leading to the total absence of astral space for a radius around the blast zone.

The rest of the team begins falling back after destroying the 2 spirits. However, their firefight and the explosions from Chem’s grenades seems to have awakened some slumbering bug spirits scattered about the crater (seemingly sleeping off a FAB III overdose). They flee to the van with Ro urging them on, and the team barely escapes with the van taking some damage as they dive in just ahead of the bug’s scything talons. They flee back to Sanctum, and find that they have come under attack from members of the Swamp Thangs. They fight them off, but find that some other gangers have made off with the canister. Kersh is very apologetic, and him and Daytripper use some serious detox magic to clear the team of radiation damage. They manage to scour everyone except Ortega, who they manage to prevent from dying. However, he has serious longterm radiation damage.

Toff calls Lothan, who tells them that they better hit the Swamp Thangs asap, and that they don’t have any particular weaknesses but that he is confident in them. He is way nicer to Toff than he has been to other team members in the past. They trick out Chem’s van with an HMG turret in the back, as their van is still getting de-toxed and repaired by Goober. They head down to the Calumet Swamps, where they ST base is rumored to be. They manage to find it (with some help from Becky 99), and Ro and Aemon decide to sneak up to the crumbling 3-story low income housing block, while the rest of the team hangs back with the van.

Sadly, they are spotted, and attacked by some trained cockatrices that an ST member set free. Aemon is paralyzed and Ro is injured, but they manage to kill the cockatrices with ranged assistance from the van, before coming under a grenade barrage. Ro plays dead, and some ST members come out and start hauling her and Aemon into the building. Van shooters kill the 2 on Ro and Ro kills one on Aemon, before he is hauled out of sight. Ro dashes inside to escape more grenades, and gets into a brutal brawl with a large number of foul-smelling, malnourished but oddly strong axemen. She’s about to fall when Chem and Chessick manage to bring down the wall with grenades and HMG fire, opening up the ST gangers to spell and gunfire from Ortega and Toff, who have been racing up to get to a firing point.

They slay the gangers, and start looking for Aemon. They find him in a creepy basement altar, which suggests the gang is engaged in blood sacrifice and cannibalism. Aemon has had some essence drained in a sacrifice ritual performed by a cultist mumbling about The Foul One. He is in a bad place, as he was paralyzed but fully conscious, and has lost some magical ability. They heal him up as best they can, and flee the swamps, feeling eyes on them the whole way. Wanting to rub Lothan’s face in how dangerous the job was (in order to get more money), they head straight for his shop instead of calling ahead.

He agrees to pay more (reasonably) but is as rude as ever, and has no memory of their phone convo. He tells them that the Foul One is a longterm adversary of his, however, and that she is a skilled mimic, and suggests they check their comms. Chessick does so, but finds nothing suspicious. They call “Lothan” again, and someone answers who is not the Lothan in the shop- he is nice to them, and tries to get them to come to the Calumet Docks for the swap. They “agree”, but decide they are too injured to fight currently, though Aemon desperately wants revenge. They decide the tap/surveillance must be on Lothan’s end, which he later confirms after sweeping his shop. Toff joins Lothan’s CZ runner coop, The Ash Union, and spends a lot of time with Kersh and others at Sanctum, thinking about joining ASPS.

The rest of the team heals up. Ortega and Chem visit the Tamir Grey memorial at the Ghoul Liberation League HQ, and Ortega arranges to buy meat at a ridiculous cost increase after going cyberpsychotic on 2 members they encounter and preaching to them about his bizaare ghoul Catholicism. Chem gets a freezer chest smuggling compartment put into his van, and arranges to start selling the ghouls spare meat. He, Ro and Ortega try to set a trap (using Ro as bait) to catch and kill some gangers for his purpose, but only manage to attract a good samaritan (who warns Ro of danger but keeps his distance), and 2 162 gangers, who ko RO with an injection dart, forcing Ortega to buy her back. All in all a failure, and Chem feels a little bad for talking Ort into it. Chem is also experimenting with some new street drugs that apparently came out of some East Coast lab and just showed up. There’s 4 new types, and he learns a little about them, and carries a dose of each for “field trials.”

Ro goes on a dinner date with Sam, who seems to be doing a bit better- catching up on all the things she missed spending 2 decades as a corp test subject. trying new cuisines, etc. She has the apartment that Ryder provided tricked out like a fortress, with a lot of weaponry and escape options. Ro approves. Ro later gets a Happy Belated Bday e-card from Sam, with info about what actually happened to Ro’s parents. She is non-specific as to how she got it, but given how hard Ro has looked she is thinking Resonance Realms. Her parents were liquidated, as were most of her fellow test subjects, after management found out about their off-books experiment. Ro was kept around, as the most stable build, and kind of a test if the theoretical practices could actually work. Her father was snatched up while they were boating together, which explains some things. She seems to be the only survivor.

Aemon, mourning his essence loss, joins a Black Star raid on the nearby Human Brigade/Humanis Nation turf. They slaughter some border guards, and then one the hit squad, posing as a guard, lures some families from their homes while the rest of the team guns them down. Aemon tries to injure the children in such a way that they will survive but not get shot further, usually trick-shooting them in the legs. He returns to the base, never having seen the face of any of the people he did that with. They seemed to want revenge for the Omega Dawn killings, which they blamed on the metaracists, as they happened near their turf. Aemon feels awful about what he did, but can’t admit it to anyone (especially Ortega). He confides that something bad happened to TY, who tries to get him to open up by sharing his own horrifying past. Chessick, sensing something is off with Aemon, also tries to draw him out, but to no avail.

After everyone has healed and re-equipped from the last run, TY hires them to help him track down a local Gilgamesh Initiative base that April Halfwoman gave him clues to. They arrange to park the van at Freaktown nearby, and proceed on foot to an area near the Truman Tower and Shattergraves. Although they’ve acclimated to the general CZ background count, this area has a bad feel about it. They surveil for 4 days, tightening their perimeter, until they ID the building they seek, based on a troll on a motorcycle seemingly doing supply runs. Chessick and TY disable the exterior security, and they make their way down through the ruined building to a secure vault door set into the floor of the basement. Chessick gets it open, and they descend some poorly-lit concrete stairs winding down a cylindrical shaft. The troll seems to have just ridden his bike down, an impressive feat.

They reach the bottom, and manage to open an earth-core security door, as the vault door irises shut above them. Toff feels very distraught, as they are now cut off from the astral plane, and he brought a spirit down- if ti dies here he doesn’t know what will happen. They enter, triggering a flash bomb trap, after which Ortega is shot with an autocannon, as the troll races towards them through a lab on his bike. He jumps off at the last minute and almost creams Ort, who just manages to dive out of the way. The team take cover behind lab tables that they overturn as they engage in a brutal firefight with the troll. The spirit is heavily wounded in the opening salvo, and Toff tells it to hide in astral space. After Chessick hacks his smartlink, the troll switches to melee and charges Ro, nearly taking her out (Ort is already down), before Chem finally drops him, with an astral combat assist from Toff- the troll’s aura is like nothing Toff has ever seen, and seems to be a black hole (almost like a personal version of the horror that is the Cermak Crater).

They check out the rest of the facility after surviving the troll’s death-triggered explosive. They find 2 living “test subjects” who are in various stages of crude implant surgery, but seem totally animalistic and feral. They kill both out of mercy. Aemon also delivers a fatal sedative to another former human, that has been reduced to an insane brain trapped inside a tumor mass in a medical vat. They find 2 other corpses in various states of decay that don’t look to have survived the implant surgeries they were inflicted with. They also find a bug shaman who looks like a recent acquisition- they try to get info from her, and Toff tries to read her mind, but they kill her when she wound Toff with a spell. They head into the second area, and TY confirms that this looks like a GI facility (given all the hardwired tech, the high expense underground build, the cyberzombies, etc.). But it seems mostly abandoned. They find the living quarters of the security spider/cybertech specialist, as well as his notes on cybermancy amidst his trashed room, alongside a log entry that says “facility compromised, starting end protocol.” They find his corpse torn apart (seemingly by hand?) in a server room, which Chessick starts hacking. They find a bunch of trashed security devices as well- bent turrets, expended rounds, etc.

They also find 2 more corpses: 1, the project head, seems to have died of internal bleeding from injuries similar to those on the spider, compounded by years of damage from radiation exposure, so it seems like he’s been here a while. But it seems the troll tried to patch him up after whatever happened here, and he lingered for a bit. They find logs of comms to someone named “TR” requesting more subjects captured by Aztechnology from the anti-corp monastic militia Sangre y Acero. Apparently the troll was one of these fighters, reprogrammed here to procure test subjects and supplies, as well as act as on-site security. But it seems like he was fairly unstable, due to cyberpsychosis, and required the use of an invoked memory stimulator and extensive drugs to stay sane. 2nd corpse, the lead scientist/medic, who seems to have died around the same time, but from a wound sustained earlier from a high caliber sniper rifle fired from above. This attack doesn’t seem to have happened here, so presumably it happened somewhere outside, and he was brought here to try and treat. TY suggests that this seems like April’s handiwork. He has data in his room about subject collection and management, and comms from “TR” about the feasibility of longterm stable full-body cyborgs.

They also find a depleted supply room (explaining why the troll was venturing out so much), and some quarters heavily aspected towards blood magic and Wasp, but no corpse. Toff destroys the reagents and supplies here, feeling they are evil. Chessick, meanwhile, has managed to avoid the IC librarians long enough to gain access to the 3 surviving data stores that the spider didn’t wipe before his death (the actual project data and funding info is gone), before getting brutally attacked. He had refused TY’s help, but notices some sort of powerful presence in the matrix seemingly protecting him as he flees, and when he comes to he notices TY reeling in a datacable- he’s a little worried about if TY plugged that into HIM or just into the server. But he gets a ton of data.

It seems like the GI emerged from the ashes of the Augmented Soldier Program, a joint Israeli-corporate initiative ( Aztechnology was speculated as a partner) to force augmented soldiers to awaken as adepts. It seems this facility was experimenting with furthering that line of research by doing managed insect merges onto cyberzombies. AZT has been supplying heavily cybered ex-pit fighters, as well as Sangre members captured on raids. There has been an extreme mortality rate. The program origins seem to date back to a man named Thomas Roxborough, who TY recalls learning a bit about in the ACHE. Apparently he had purchased some info on biodrones from Deus in some sort of trade, and also was using AZT resources to help fund the Israeli program. When that was shut down due to a number of high-profile psychosis-induced massacres by test subjects, he relocated under the named The Gilgamesh Initiative, aka the Legendary Warrior Project. They also learn of other lab locations: the fjord lab in the Scandinavian Union is marked as “compromised”, as is the Chicago lab and the Mars lab. But they also list labs in Lagos and Tenochtitlan, and hint at a new East Coast lab going in somewhere due to a “promising situation.”

TY seems thrilled to have all this info, and believes that he has now found the facility where he was “made”: Lagos. He says he will do more digging but will likely hire the team again down the line. Aemon also realizes that the summoner’s corpse must be somewhere, so they carefully search, and find a secret door. It leads down a burrowed stone tunnel, and Ortega takes the lead. He is ko’d by a roving FAB III cloud, and they barely manage to pull him out to safety. Chem goes in alone and feeds back data. He finds a sacrificial altar, with a narrow shaft letting in some light. He speculates they are near the base of the Truman Tower, which TY confirms is full of FAB and bugs. Chem also finds the summoner’s corpse, wearing *Aztlaner Path of the Sun" robes suggesting he was a high-level initiate (and likely blood mage). He seems to have burst open from the inside. What they decide must have happened is that some sort of air pressure system forced some FAB into the airshaft, and either ko’d or distracted the mage while he was attempting a summoning, allowing the spirit to break free. Apparently the troll was the sole survivor of that attack, and has been trying to keep the project running with his limited skills, while slowly going insane due to running out of meds.

They leave the facility, and Chem and TY rig it to blow, destroying as much as they can. They head back to airport, heal up, and celebrate another job survived, as well as a massive payout from TY, partially from sale of some of the relevant info. Chem tricks out his van a bit more, and the members of the team who can purchase or upgrade some implants as well as training some new skills. He also makes contact with some bomb-builders who work at a CZ co-op called The Atomizer. A woman named Jaro seems to do security and sales, while a gruff old ork, a handicapped young human named Walter Turnip, and a bizaare-looking SURGE-d woman do the technical work. Aemon gets an adrenal pump, feeling that since he lost essence he might as well gain something. He and Suzuki also hook up again, and she fills him in on all the cool stories she’s been filing. He agrees to take her on a date to the swamps sometime to show her how creepy it is, and he shares some vid from their runs to impress her. Ro trains the team in some new tactics also. Ortega, realizing that last time he was here he posted a bounty on 2 ghouls that he saw trying to kidnap a family for food, starts to feel conflicted given his current situation. He checks with Archangel Bounty Redemption, and finds that it’s already been paid out, so he posts an apology on a variety of bounty boards, explaining that he didn’t know better but now he does. Shortly thereafter, he gets a call from one of Blaine Hammond’s rep’s, asking him to come in for a meet, saying they are intrigued by his ghoul Catholic True Communion take on things.

It seems like there’s plenty more work in Chicago, so they plan to stick around for a while.

Team 2 Part 4
6/7/2015, 3:09:25 PM
Pia Oliversson calls up Caria Alten, Shri Moreau, Achilles Serifim, and Munty early in the morning and tells them she has work for them out of the country, but they have to move quick if they want the job. Pay promises to be worth it though. She also tells them she’s hired a 5th runner for the gig, who’s new in town but seems capable.

They race to SeaTAC, and head to a private hangar that seems to be run by riggers and smugglers. They find a burly 60-ish dwarf named TenTen waiting for them, who tells them he is the 5th member. There they meet a human named Blackhawk and his daughter Osprey. BH tells them they’ll be travelling to Cheyenne, the capitol of the Sioux Nation, and can either fly across Salish-Shidhe territory and then slip across the border, or else fly to Denver and travel overland from there. He’ll provide a safehouse there as well as some supplies and job info. They decide to fly- riskier if detected but less likely to get fucked with.

BH gets them to the safehouse with some close calls and fancy flying, but no real trouble. Munty curls up in a corner and tries not to panic, not liking being airborne, but Rat chills her out. They get info about the meet with Mr. Johnson, and head into Cheyenne, using an old but functional van that BH keeps on-site. The safehouse is an old truck stop that looks pretty abandoned, but seems reasonably secure and stocked with necessities. BH leaves Caria his commcode and tells them that if they need a ride back to Seattle in the next 2-3 days, he’ll be in country for a bit before heading back himself.

They drive to Cheyenne, with Caria up front, being the only Native member of the crew (the nation’s population being over 95% Native post-partition). She hopes that as a Salish woman with some knowledge of Sioux culture, she at least won’t alert additional suspicion, as the others might. They reach the meet on time, and get the details on the job: they are to sabotage a massive industrial agriculture facility that provides about 1/5 of the nation’s food supply, as well as steal a ceremonial tomahawk from the company head’s office. They negotiate pay, and agree. The Johnson’s face looks a little weird, but they can’t quite place it. They do a little research, and based on his rep and slight accent, decide he probably works for Aztechnology, a major food producer, which makes sense for the job.

They go through his dossier and research the facility, and manage to find a disgruntled researcher named Gang Rupert who used to work there, but was kicked out due to the radical direction of his research. Shri interviews and bribes him for info, and they find out that the underground research facility on-site has a number of hidden emergency escape/rescue tunnels, which they could use to infiltrate the cavernous underground farm complex. They gear up, and Munty acquires a large ghillie blanket to conceal them all from drone surveillance. They time the run for the low-point of employee’s present, and Mr Johnson has told them that most of the the automated security will be down for maintenance during a short window while Ares Macrotechnology installs updates.

They head out, find the hatch to the escape tunnel, and manage to open it without setting off any alarms. They enter the research complex, and Munty and Tenten ko 3 of the 6 maintenance workers down there with Caria’s astral guidance. Tenten, Caria, and Shri slip into their uniforms and grab their ID badges, hoping it will help them get topside. Munty and Achilles sneak out into the farm area and start planting explosive charges on the pillars holding the cavern roof up. They notice that many of the farm drones seem to be monitoring their progress, but they don’t see any human guards or hear alarms so they continue.

Up top, Tenten gets stopped at the guard booth, as his uniform is hilariously ill-fitting. Shri and Caria decide to go ahead without him, and head over to the massive processing facility to use the aerosol spray the Johnson provided to poison the outgoing food supply. They succeed and head for the office building to grab the tomahawk. Caria uses a spirit to gain entry, and boosts Shri up. She heads upstairs, and grabs the tomahawk, but sets off an alarm in the process. Her and Caria ko some guards at a nearby emergency exit, and flee the complex, hiding near the van.

Meanwhile, ‘Drekbomb’ has proven his usefulness as a hacker yet again, as Tenten’s cover ID checks out at the guard station (after he spectacularly fails to intimidate them), and he heads back downstairs to meet up with the others, as the guards still seem suspicious. Achilles and Munty finish planting the explosives, but come under attack from a huge swarm of farm drones. Achilles gets sucked into a thresher but manages to jam it up with his heavily-cybered body, taking significant damage. They flee to the escape tunnel, with Achilles in full-on combat mode. Tenten is unable to stop him killing some workers in the research building as they flee, but they make good their escape and detonate their explosives.

The slice and dice some drones topside, and dash for the van. Achilles and Tenten manage to fight off 2 fairly powerful spirits, while Munty sneaks around under the ghillie blanket. They get in the van, and Caria manages to stunball a pursuing vehicle full of guards off the road, and they escape. They bury the tomahawk with a geo-tag, after realizing it is magically active and could be tracked. They burn the van, and hike back across the plains to the safehouse. They contact the Johnson and he puts the payment into an escrow account until he can retrieve the tomahawk and verify mission success. They agree, and contact Blackhawk to leave the country.

He says he’s about ready to leave, and arranges a pickup in exchange for guarding duty and some pay on the way back. They head back to Seattle, but once the wireless comes back on, BH seems pissed, and shares a video feed- it’s his safehouse getting trashed by Sioux National Police. They convince him they didn’t get followed, and determine that the Johnson must have betrayed them. They check the escrow and are distressed to find it closed. They contact Pia and she is also pissed- the Johnson’s data trail is a total scam, he seems to have just posted a series of fake reviews and info about himself just in advance of this job. The team arranges to start looking into him, hoping for revenge!

WetWork Saeder-Krupp Summer
5/26/2015, 4:36:44 PM
Runners:
Ortega
Aemon Burst
Christopher Toff
Ro Tain
and Chessick Allens-Whitehill

While the rest of the team is initiating/observing Aemon’s family, Toff spends a bunch of time bonding about conspiracies and ancient texts with Barnaby “Wombat” Rudd, and getting a feel for Hamburg. Ortega spends a lot of time at a church nearish to Die Sickegrubbe that caters to the poor and downtrodden, and eventually notices that a woman with iron cross embroidery on her clothes seems to be observing him. He takes precautions to keep her from following him to the base, but continues to attend services. At the next confession, he once again apologizes for eating people, etc, but the priest is weirdly silent.

Feeling paranoid, Ortega breaks through the confessional screen, and finds the priest strangled with a note pinned to his chest that reads “WHERE THERE IS NO REPENTANCE, FORGIVENESS IS ONLY PERMISSION BY ANOTHER NAME”. Sadly, busting the screen has alerted people outside, and they start banging on the door and calling for the priest. Ort bullrushes through them, but panics when he sees that he has bowled over some children, and just takes off pell-mell. Cries of “monster!” and “murderer!” follow him down the street, but everyone seems reluctant to get too close, and he makes good his escape as the cops start to arrive. He finally pulls himself together and gets back to the base.

Toff and Rudd analyze the parchment, and say that based on the insignia Ort saw on the woman, and the archival quality of the paper, they would estimate that either some faction within the church is targeting him (and possible priests who will take confession from a ghoul), or that someone is doing a frame-up. Ort vows revenge, but they convince him to keep it on the dl for now, as there is a 50,000 Nuyen bounty for info leading to his capture/death, as after a few days the cops and news have linked this murder to one Ort actually committed in Bogota, of a pedophile priest (a fact which is conveniently NOT mentioned on the news). They warn of an anti-Catholic or perhaps anti-poor serial killer on the loose, and play up the “ghoul monster” angle, wondering if he perhaps is part feral. They id the quote as being a translation of a phrase attributed to the first female Chrisitan martyr, Thecla. They decide more research is needed….

Everyone else arrives back, and Aemon tells them all about the job he got from Simon Andrews. They are to meet a Saeder-Krupp rep named Jean-Claude Priault. He insists that the team leave behind or disable any devices capable of recording, which Chessick has a hard time with but adjusts to. They attend the meet, and Priault (after his security detail check them out), gives them the deets. He has multiple teams working on a complex job, and based on this team’s rep has potentially a few linked jobs on offer, if they succeed in the first one.

Task one: SK’s AGS military has been compromised by some highly placed double agents. Another team has already id’d the people in question, so this team needs to find out who they are working for, how they contact their handlers, what info they have passed, and then ensure their deaths in a way that does not link all 5 victims. He suggests a few methods, before Chessick and Toff interrupt to try to talk him out of the necessity of murder. However, he won’t budge, and Aemon convinces the team to agree, as they can at least do it pro and limit collateral damage to other personnel/families/etc. They agree, and set terms. Priault tells them he wants all 5 done in about a week, so that they can move forward with other jobs safe from scrutiny from within.

They decide to start that night with the 2 agents in Hamburg. They track one, a SIGINT captain and family man, and find his likely routes. Chessick steals a Car2Go, and they add morphing plates to the Bulldog. Chessick and Toff wait in the van as lookouts, while Ort squeezes into the C2G and Aemon sets up an ambush. The target’s car rounds the corner into his subdivision, and Ort rams them. Aemon kills the target and the wounded driver (before Toff can stop him), and then crudely cuts a ‘link out of his foot after Chessick scans him for hidden devices. They skidaddle as the cops close in, and repaint the van at a local runner-friendly Spray’N’Pray. Chessick takes some IC damage from hacking the encrypted comm, but they get some info about what intel the target passed along, and who to: Ares Macrotechnology. It seems like weapons data from SK subsids, primarily.

Next, they decide to take out the other Hamburger-er, a Commodore. Doing some social hacking at sailor bars in the port, Toff and Chessick finds out that she is well-liked, largely due to the fact that she volunteers for a lot of the long, lonely night watches. Her ship, The Mountain KIng, is being restocked and somewhat refitted between missions currently, and is out at sea about 1km offshore. They head back to the base to plan and resupply. They rent a zodiac from the anarchists, and Ort buys a fullbody drysuit and mask. He heads toward the MK using one of the underwater “emergency escape” jetboards. Chessick stays behind to do matrix stuff. Toff summons a spirit to help, and accompanies Aemon in the zodiac.

They stop about about 500m from the MK, and scope out the target under spell protection from Toff. Ort approaches underwater with wireless disabled, and positions himself astride the bow, to see both side a bit. Aemon spots the target walking the deck with a hooded lantern, and takes his shot, seeing bone and brain matter exit the far side of her head. Toff’s spirit follows it’s command and shoves her tottering corpse towards the railing, where it folds and goes over. Ort manages to grab it before the rescue drones reach the area, having detected a “man overboard.”

They rendevouz at the base, but are unable to get more info from the corpse, as the head (and whatever ’ware was inside) is effectively gone. Ort takes the corpse down to a deep underwater, abandoned room with an air pocket, and floats it there for the mutant crabs and fish to eat. They hope that her crew will assume suicide. Next up: 3 more targets; 2 in Berlin and 1 in Frankfurt.

They head to Berlin first. They decide to catfish the first target, a man living on an secure airbase with his teenage daughter. Using Ro as “bait”, Chessick and Sem-par create a profile on a military dating site that they know the target uses. Chessick manages to talk the guy into drinks, at a trendy new bar in a gentrifying neighborhood. Aemon and Ortega, after some research, pose as members of a local gang, who “attack” Ro as she approaches the bar. She calls her date for help, and he rushes out, and Ortega stabs him to death in the ensuing brawl. They flee as the doorman opens up on them with a shotgun.

Next, they get Chessick to commit his first murder. Aemon buys a small drone, which they equip with a dartgun. Chessick hacks and blags his way into her building, posing as a repairman, and plants the drone as well as sabotaging the door lock. However, she returns before he finishes so he has to improvise. He fires up a jammer, the drone shoots her, and after she recovers from the initial paralysis, Chessick interrogates her for info about her handler, what info she’s sold, etc. He finds out that she was being blackmailed into passing secrets along, but feeling that she is going to die by someone’s hand (given the betrayal of SK), he might as well make it painless. So he simulates a drug and alcohol overdose, after promising he’ll take care of her pets. He adopts the 2 cats, after finding out which shelter they ended up in, but they eat the dog, which her handler made her get as an excuse to go out on long jogs and pass info to dead-drops.

That done, Chessick feels pretty queasy and terrible- this isn’t quite what he saw himself doing with his life. Next they head to Frankfurt (after once again swapping plates and paint jobs on the van), for the final assassination. The man they are after is older, lives alone in a somewhat ritzy building, and collects art. They can’t find any particular events he’ll be at in the next few days, so they decide to stage an “accident” in his condo, after id’ing a statue that it looks like they could tip on him from a photo spread in a magazine. Aemon poses as a repairman this time, while Chessick hacks his cover into the system. Toff summons a spirit, and after enjoying the range of emotions coming from the man’s art collection in astral space, tips the statue over on him.

He calls for help, but Chessick intercepts the signals and tells him someone is on the way. He pops the door lock for Aemon, who enters and interrogates the man before killing him with a piece that broke off of the statue. They find out that the man, who is looking rather gaunt, was terminally ill and had been approached by an Evo rep who told him they could upload his consciousness (perhaps as some sort of e-ghost?), to preserve his existence. He seems to have totally bought it, whether or not they actually have that capability.

With the 5 tasks all completed, and info for 3 of them, they report back to JC Priault. He is disappointed that they couldn’t learn who everyone was working with, but says that they have some ideas who the naval woman may have been signaling, based on analysis of her watch schedule, and which other corporate vessels were nearby at the time. They get paid, and Priault tells them he has another job for them: planting a spy in Ares naval sub command in Norfolk, CAS. They agree, and head out, hearing that there are more jobs in Chicago, and figuring that a free flight with their gear most of the way there isn’t a bad deal at all. Toff seems to be drinking more than usual, and Chessick is experiencing some PTSD flashbacks from the series of murders they just committed.

They make contact with the double agent, and receive a dossier on the Ares base as well as the target. The double agent, as far as they can tell, is an identical copy of the target, so the swap should work out fine as long as they don’t attract any attention while performing it. Ro and Chessick go and buy a lightly used van for the team, after Chessick does some hacking of the dealership to get a military discount. Ro and Ortega then take the van down to Atlanta to meet up with Jackpointer Turbo Bunny, whom they hire to trick it out with 2 smuggling compartments, ruthenium coating, morphing plates, and a couple spare spoof chips.

Meanwhile, Chessick, Toff, and Aemon research the job, and find the best times to bypass security, as well as formulating a plan to pose as appliance delivery men. Chessick hacks the subcontractor that the real military-approved deliverymen work for, and finds a delivery that matches one of their ideal insertion windows. He swaps the 3 employees biometrics for his, Ro’s, and Aemon’s, and they plan an ambush site. When the day comes, Ortega overtakes the delivery van on a rural frontage road and cuts them off, forcing them to a stop, after which the team quickly ko’s everyone (at Toff and Chessick’s insistence), with Toff even stabilizing one man who was on the brink of death, while Chessick jams transmissions.

Ortega stays with the men after hiding their van in the woods nearby. He has 3 doses of Laes to give them once they heal enough that it won’t kill them, and some C-Squared to clean off biometric data on the van. Chessick pulls the delivery van’s transponder and puts it in their van, and then turns off his jammer. He also clones the van’s comms so he can answer any calls the delivery center tries to make to them. They head to the base, to make their delivery window. With some fast talking (and good etiquette) they make it through, with Toff and the double agent wrapped in an algae blanket in one of the Faraday-ed smuggling compartments.

They travel easily through the CAS section of the base, with Chessick really enjoying soaking in the “culture” such as it is- he only really knows the Americas through sims so he’s observant. They reach the ARES section, and once again manage to sneak past with some solid social skills. They divert from their scheduled delivery path slightly, to go to the target’s house (the double agent having provided her schedule so they know she’s home, and alone). The double agent contorts herself, creepily, into the dryer they are to deliver, and Toff magically silences Aemon. Ro and Aemon haul the full dryer up to the door and knock, awakening the real Captain Rebecca Smith, who seems annoyed and slightly suspicious. Aemon, forgetting he is silenced, tries to explain, and Ro decides to push through so she can’t shut the door.

The double agent triggers a jammer, and Aemon slips inside and ko’s the surprised Smith with Stick-n-shock. The double uncontorts herself, and strips off the real Smith’s clothes, before dressing in them herself and helping Ro and Aemon stuff her in the dryer. The rest of the team has had no LOS or comms inside during this, but Chessick has been in the throes of an epic flashback so he’s pretty useless anyway. Ro and Aemon haul the dryer back out, with the double acting a scene for neighbors benefits, as some military police pull up. Chessick manages to snap out of it, and explain that their van has been fritzing and they had the wrong address. The police check with Smith, but seeing as she confirms the story, they agree to escort the team to the proper address.

They deliver the stuff, and actually figure out how to hook it up correctly, after stuffing Smith and Toff back in the compartment. However, unable to communicate, they don’t know that Smith woke back up (auto-injector?) and got into a terrifying CQC fight with Toff before he managed to stunball her into unconsciousness more long-term. He is fairly injured and covered in stinking algae and piss by the time it’s over. They exit the base without any trouble, and make contact with the SK agent to arrange the real Smith’s extraction from the country, now that the mole is in place.

Ortega stages a car crash with the other van on a plausible route, carefully placing the drugged and ko’ed deliverymen in the van after. They toss the old appliances in, and Chessick reconnects the transponder, and undoes his comm-fix. They head way out of the city to a dilapidated barn, with Toff headbutting Smith every once in a while to keep her out.

Ortega is the only one to spot the heavily camoflagued soldiers as they open the barn doors, revealing a similarly cloaked T-bird. Their liaison lifts his optic gear to reveal his face, and tells them to get the target out so they can move. They comply, and receive their pay as the SK forces take off, leaving them awash in downdraft. Priault tells them that he is well-satisfied with their work. Toff isn’t looking (or smelling) great, so they grab a hotel for the night, and clean up, figuring they’ll roadtrip up to Chicago next, after programming a new set of spoof chips to get across the border.

They also hear from Sem-par that Priault has been hiring a bunch of pro teams for big runs against other corps, globally. SP, Lafeyette, and Yuyi, alongside some other skilled infiltrators, inserted some stuff on a Shiawase base, as well as on CAS and Aztlan naval vessels. Plus another team got into a massive firefight with the Red Samurai trying to “kidnap” a Renraku exec in Chiba City, but SP has it on good authority that they actually made a swap with an identical double similar to what they team just pulled, using the “kidnapping attempt” as cover. So it seems like SK is set up to do something major to a bunch of it’s main competitors, all at once, if they so choose…..

Team 2 Part 3
3/10/2015, 4:14:33 PM
Team 2:
Achilles Serifim
Caria Alten
Servaas Nikolic
Shri Moreau
Munty

The team is contacted by Pia Oliversson, who tells them that thanks to their hard work she is making better & better connections, and getting them better jobs as a result. She has a job for the Seoul’Pa Rings on offer, and the team agrees to the meet. They meet a Choson Ring rep named Sung Yi in the matrix, and get the rundown: she wants them to do the heavy lifting in a heist against a secret Kanaga-Gumi vault in Auburn, hidden under a private bank that the Yakuza uses to launder money from front businesses in the area.

They agree, deciding to take an amount negotiated upfront rather than a percentage. Caria also asks after her father, KImo Alten, knowing that the Choson work closely with Komun’Go and their allies the Dogmen. Being smugglers who operate in Salish lands, she figures they might know something. The team does some recon, and confirm the info that they were given: the bank is across the alley from a strip mall containing a number of fronts, including a bar, a hotel, and a tattoo shop, all of which have a somewhat shady rep, and are rumored to be connected to a number of disappearances in the area. This indicates that the Kanaga-Gumi may be trying to expand into organ-legging more seriously, which would eat into the Komun-Go/Dogmen dominance in that field.

They decide to hit the bank at night, due to the lower number of staff on hand. They negotiate with a Skraacha member named Gurzag to use a partially collapsed smuggling tunnel nearby as an access point, and they dig over to create a small chamber under the secret vault, where they rig up some explosives to blow out the floor, having decided that a frontal assault was too problematic. They agree to give the Skraacha a 6th share, but tell the Sung Yi that they are only paying a 10th share, as they figure no-one besides the Yak actually know what’s in the vault anyway, and this will leave them some wiggle room. They also arrange to lay low for a week after the job in a Skraacha safehouse, to avoid (immediate) retribution.

Shri goes into the Yak bar to distract and intoxicate the foot soldiers loitering there, hoping to slow their response time to the disturbance at the bank. With Seducer’s help, she succeeds, but also gets pretty messed up herself, and sleeps with 2 of the Yak LT’s in the cube hotel next door, before fleeing to the safehouse, luckily with all of her organs and parts. Munty, dressed as a city worker, manages to hide a decoy bomb in some shrubs out front of the bank before getting chased off by suspicious security. That bomb goes off a little early, due to Achilles lack of expertise, but the basement bomb works out fine, and they storm the vault, and Munty uses ultrasound to guide them through the settling dust and debris.

They get into a gunfight with 4 very surprised Yak guards, and Servaas manages to get to the vault door and seal it from the inside before any further guards can enter, assisted by some gas grenades they chuck outside first. They manage to loot all of the notable looking containers in the place while Achilles sets up 2 more bombs to cover their escape. They barely make it clear before the Yak manage to hack the door open, setting off the first bomb. Using big dog drones rented from the Skraacha, they escape down the tunnel with all the goods as Achilles detonates the 2nd bomb, further collapsing that area and ensuring that they won’t be immediately followed.

They reach the safehouse, and pay the Skraacha their 6th share using a huge pile of corp scrip that they find, before sending the tripchips, personafixes, organs, ’ware, and bribe/extortion books onto the Choson Ring. They get paid, and prepare to lay low for a while.

Depth Charge
2/25/2015, 6:44:09 PM
Runners:
Ortega
Ro Tain
Aemon Burst
Christopher Toff
and Chessick Allens-Whitehill

The team gets another job offer through Artholomew Johnson, though this time he’s just acting as a fixer, rather than hiring direct. After some research, they discover that the Johnson they are to meet is a man named Charles Findlay, an ambitious low-level Ares exec. He wants them to access an old ordnance magazine buried deep underground, below the West End Underplex. After some further research, to determine who they might piss off by raiding the magazine, they are unable to determine who might have once operated it. Findley claims records of it’s existence were lost in Crash 2.0, and as far as they can tell that is the case.

Findley has a distraction planned, to pull any security away from their locale, and also provides cover ID’s, transport, dog drones to carry, and some explosives. He has the whole op carefully planned and seems to mostly just need warm (and reasonably competent) bodies. They gear up, and Ro steers their cargo boat through the busy Thames traffic to the Underplex docks. They bypass security no prob, and follow a mapsoft to the rough location of the magazine entrance. Finding a discount lingerie store now occupying the spot, and no obvious secret doors, Toff uses magical sight to find an open space behind a poured concrete closet wall. They call in a favor from the Exchange and get a monofil chainsaw delivered (via drone), and cut through.

They descend through a cavernous concrete maze, which seems to still be intact. They find the magazine they seek, and Chessick manages to power up the keypad, using a small generator he brought with for just such an occasion. Ortega hulks out and yanks the door open, squealing its protestation on rusty hinges. They enter a large round chamber, with 6 corridors leading to more vault-like doors down radial corridors. They start checking them, and realize they should have brought more flashlights, as it is pitch black down here. They manage to get into the first 3 without trouble, and find a bunch on unlabelled, and seemingly outdated heavy ordnance. Looks like explosives and chemical weapons made for warships, subs, tanks, aircraft and the like.

Trying the 4th door, they find it locked, and decide to use the explosives- the other chambers all having air-locked entrances, they assume any secondary explosions will be contained. Ro stays to trigger the bomb (with no wireless she requires LOS), and the rest of the team mostly closes the large main door. They blow the door, with no secondary problems, and enter. They find some puddles on the floor, which the CSI kits id’s as old, melted plastic biohazard suits. They also find a discarded flamethrower, which Ro says is an Ares model from the 2050/2060’s. Entering the 2nd door, they find what looks to be a dozen sets of metahuman remains, long decomposed, all of whom seem to have been shot in the back of the head, execution style, and then burned. Ro says their biohazard suits are also an Ares make from the same period. In the middle of the otherwise empty chamber sits the box they were told to retrieve.

Ortega and Ro get it up on the dog drones, who haul it back up to the store, where Chessick has looped the security footage to cover their entrance and escape. They head back into the mall, and make for the docks, after Chessick purloins some supplies to try to add some wear and tear to the otherwise very military-looking crate. They spot some Renraku Red Samurai checking everyone at the docks, and quickly backtrack. They decide to take a land exit into the Overplex, and Ro is distraught to discover that the “distraction” apparently involved a bloody shootout at the main train station on the far side of the Underplex, which culminated in the snatching of a Renraku exec.

They reach the overground after blagging their way past some less severe guards, and find an abandoned building to hole up in. They call Findley, and open the case to verify the artifact so he can send someone to collect. He quickly hangs up after seeing what’s inside, and tells them that they are in deep trouble, as in addition to the artifact the crate contains 4 canisters of FAB. They panic a bit, but exmaine the canisters, and see that one seems to have been pierced by a bullet at some point, though it long ago leaked out. So none are actively dispensing at least, though Chessick determines that they are set to vent if the artifact is moved from the crate. The object is itself a large stone Eater Island style head laced with orichalcum.

Ortega calls in a favor from his new friends in Tamanous and finds a nearby crematorium and medical cleaning facility that is willing to do some off books burning for cash. Aemon, Ro and Toff all confer and agree that they should be able to contain and destroy the FAB with an extreme application of fire, so they head out. They get shaken down by a large mob of local gangers, led by a changeling named Webfoot, who seem to have spotted them coming in and decided they were worth a poke. They bribe their way out without a fight, and reach the crematory. They bribe the whimsical French technician on hand, Reinhard Murtas to leave them alone for an hour, and he takes off.

They get ready, and put their plan in motion: Ortega quickly snatches the head out, then Toff blasts the case with flamethrower, then Chessick and Aemon slam the grate shut while Ro kicks the incinerator into gear. It goes off just fine, and after Toff confirms that the FAB was destroyed, they call Findley again, who sends a truck around to pick it up and pay them. He thanks them for their service, and the word on the street is that his acquisition has helped him rise a bit in Ares’ ranks. Toff didn’t like the look of either the FAB or the artifact though- both had a nasty astral vibe about them. Overall, the team is happy to be done with it.

Art calls again, with another offer of work, and tells them this one is likely to get hot: a contested extraction! They accept, and begin gearing up, as Art says there will likely be more than one opponent. Ortega gets ahold of his Tamanous contacts, and arranges to keep his meat allotments in their storage facilities, as well as receive a discount, in exchange for doing some unspecified future favors for them. They give him an invite to The Continental, an international private hotel chain that caters to various “special needs.” He goes, eats, and rejoins the team.

They manage to grab the researcher from the NeoNET team at the British Museum, after a hard fight in which Toff nearly dies. They escape, but are attacked by a Saeder-Krupp team after a spirit of man (which looks suspiciously similar to Rooster) tips them off to each other’s location. They lay low at the researcher’s country cottage for a time, before fighting off some SAS killers working for the Lord Protectorate’s Office/NDM, and sell the researcher on to Tir Republican Corps, his preferred destination. They get paid, and Art tells them to clear out of London for awhile, as it’s gotten a bit hot there.

They head back to the continent, and Ro and Aemon head to Aemon’s family’s current spot to initiate again. Aemon brings Suzuki Jones along to try to impress her, and Chessick tags along to do some international reportage for the All-Seeing Eye. Aemon once again aces his trial, somewhat impressing Suzuki, but Ro fails hers, unable to balance strength and will. Annoyed, she studies to try again in another lunar cycle. The Horizon presence amidst Aemon’s people has become even more pronounced, and he warns them again about buying into it, but they seem pretty stoked. He also meets a Horizon rep named Horst who has “gone native”, adopting the dress and accent of this Romani tribe. He tells Aemon that it has been great research for Horizon into how to effectively reach transient consumers, and tells him once again that he hopes that the team will look favorably on any Horizon-related jobs in the future.

The rest of the team hangs in Hamburg, catching up on gossip as well as chores for the Klabauterbund, as they haven’t been around the safehouse much recently. Ro is a bit worried that Thankyou aka Eckhard Roberts knows so much about their hideout, however. SYD seems to be operating at a much higher level than previously (perhaps upgraded or overtaken during her time with Daedelus in the ACHE?). Sem-par and Barnaby “Wombat” Rudd seem much the same as ever, caught up in conspiracies and gossip. They also assure the team that they haven’t had any more unfortunate corp-sec run-in’s, and that the base seems totally safe.

Aemon gets a call from Simon Andrews that SK has some work for them, and they agree to meet up and hear all about it, after some clubbing of course.

Silicon Slick
2/10/2015, 8:47:35 PM
Runners:
Ortega
Ro Tain
Aemon Burst
Christopher Toff
and Chessick Allens-Whitehill

Butch, when contacted by Toff, is excited about the research possibilities of Ortega’s dual HMHVV and CFD infection. She agrees to cover the costs of a “managed” infection with HMHVV, in a secure clinic, hopefully driving the CFD out or at least into hiding. Ort heads in to the friendly clinic (local blacksite doctors, as London is an outbreak site, are not unfamiliar with CFD), and they remove his bioware, in preperation for the inevitable essence loss from the transition. They manage to save all his cyber, but tell him he will have to be on intense immuno-suppressants for the remainder of his life to keep it working. Butch agrees to cover the cost of these for now, so long as Ort regularly reports in with data.

A week later, after some harrowing fevers, losing all his hair, an extending of the jaw, a hardening of the skin, and the sharpening and lengthening of his teeth and claws, he emerges as a functional ghoul. The sun now hurts him, and he is not sure at what point in the week he stopped eating “normal” food and was weaned onto flesh, but he now has a mighty hunger for it. The rest of the team is a bit disturbed by all of this, especially as he has become fully cyberpsychotic at this point as well. They are unsure they could prevent him from eating them if he really wanted to. Ro is off doing some work for Renraku Computer Systems, to help make up for them losing the rail contract.

They also hear that the Helling estate has been gutted by a major fire, and that James Helling, and many members of his staff and family are believed to have perished. Chessick does some digging, and eventually gets ahold of Baxton Gresh, who is in a safehouse on his way to Asamando, with the other sentient ghouls from the estate (or at least the ones who made it out). He says that late the day of the vote, a hit squad came out, and that they only barely made it out. It seems like the fire was a cover-up after the fact, probably to keep news of the infected aristocrat from leaking out. Gresh rails against the hypocrist, and Chessick eats it up, and writes up a fittingly acidic story, which he plans to publish through the All-Seeing Eye.

Luckily, they get another job offer from Artholomew Johnson to distract them. He has them meet him at Wembley Stadium, and tells them he needs them to retrieve a courier of his who was ambushed and has gone to ground. They agree, and notice a woman eyeing Chessick and Aemon. Chessick, used to the attention, pays her no mind as she seems a bit tipsy. Aemon, a desperate 19-year old, flirts pretty hard and givers her his number. They head out.

They first check the courier, Jon Jackie Jones’, safehouse. It’s been tossed and there signs of forced entry but no sings of murder or assault. They check some favorite haunts of his, and find some odd scenes of violence: he is apparently well known in all the places, often using different nicknames, but when he showed up today, he was acting strange. In one instance, he walked in and gunned down 6 corp drones in a faux-dangerous bar, traumatizing the other patrons. Then he made his way to a street sam hangout where he used to hire muscle, and talking like a medieval knight, assaulted some patrons with a club. Then he went to a fancy bar, but when approached by a friendly employee, responded in Japanese, kneed him, and ran off.

While checking the bars, they are approached by a man calling himself Nigel Patterson who offers to buy Jones’ from them at a lower rate than Johnson, but hints that he can get them restricted gear through government contacts as well. He tells them that Jones is couriering a nanotech package that could spell doom for London and perhaps the human race, if it is not contained within 5 hours. He seems very desperate, but they do some digging, and Aemon hears from Fianchetto that Patterson is a disgraced MI-5 officer who got drummed out and has been looking for a big score to work his way back in. They tell him no, and he says that this isn’t the last they’ve seem of him!

Based on info in the dossier they have on the courier, and on his apparent sim-addicition and experimental hyper-real simrig, they think he may have been infected with CFD or something similar, causing him to manifest different sim personalities. They call Sem-par, who confirms that the 3 behaviors and styles of dress described fit three popular sim roles. They are approached at the final bar by a woman who they had previously seen healing patrons in the sam bar. She says she is an old friend of Jones’, and introduces herself as Agatha Hawthorne. She says that she has checked them out and that she thinks they are the best chance of brining Jones in alive and well. She offers to help, but says she needs a few hours to prepare.

While dining in her place, The Rose and Thistle, Aemon gets a call from the woman from the stadium, who asks him to meet her outside. Expecting a hookup, he is surprised to find her all business, and also wanting to buy Jones out from under Johnson. However, she also offers significantly more money than either of the other parties. She also confirms Nigel’s story, with significantly more detail. Aemon gets ahold of Fianchetto again, and he speculates that this may be Monica St. Cloud, a mysterious assets retrieval specialist that he’s run across on occasion. She’s very non-specifically corporate, and no-one seems to know who she actually works for. However, she seems to like to hire locals to do the actual heavy lifting, and is thought to stick by her word, though she also likes to leave a tidy scene with no loose ends. They also decline her offer, choosing to stay pro, but worrying that she may come back at them later. They assume she is working for whatever corp the nano was stolen from originally, but who knows.

Hawthorne reappears, seemingly in some sort of semi-lucid trance, and leads them a few blocks away to a small building where she has a ritual circle and a variety of reagents. She has them each stand at the points of a pentagram, with her cat familiar at the 5th. The cat doesn’t much like Ort. Hawthornes re-emerges, skin covered in mystical runes, and dances about the center of the circle, using some blood from a cue ball from the sam bar to try to locate Jones. As the ritual concludes, she goes rigid, collapses to the floor, and tells the team that they are headed to Lambeth: Jones is at a location in the Squeeze. The team calls up Ro, feeling they could use another gun, but they’ll have to be quick about gearing up, and they only have a few short hours until the timeline that Monica and Nigel gave them is up….

Ro calls in some Renraku favors, and gets the team some SMG’s and a combat axe, then they head. Hawthorne gives them a contact in the Squeeze, a dwarf cabbie named Hobbes. They bribe their way in, meet up with him. He gives them the lowdown, while driving them to the school where Jones appears to unconscious and surrounded by suspicious auras. The area is the turf of the NNW, a “protection” gang. The team exits the cab a few blocks away, to close on foot, and plan to send Aemon and Chessick up to negotiate if possible.

Toff astrally and magically scouts, and sees that Jones is tied to a chair, looking like he was beat unconscious. There are about 2 dozen gang members on the property, in the school or patrolling around with flashlights and hunting rifles. Chessick makes his approach, and they manage to buy Jones off of the very leery gangers for a tidy sum. The gangers seem to think he’s a a spy, and Chessick and Aemon have to think fast to get them to hand him over. They exit the lot, when a Roadmaster comes racing up. 8 goons jump out, as the NNW members holler about a trap and fall back into cover. The team comes under fire, further confusing the NNW, and return fire in turn. Ro, examining the APC, notices it looks a bit beat-up, and has some painted over military stencils, and speculates this is Nigel’s “revenge.”

Aemon is able to dodge an impressive number of shots, and brings down the APC turret as well as 2 goons, as Ortega charges up from the other side with Ro providing suppressive fire. However, a chopper suddenly clears the adjacent roofs and opens fire on Ro and Ortega. 4 military types on ziplines descend, cutting down a few more APC goons, as well as ko-ing Aemon. Chessick tries to protect Jones, who keeps switching personalities, while also trying to hack the chopper. With some spirit and spell harassment from Toff, they force the chopper to pull back out of LOS, as the APC also flees with the remaining discouraged goons aboard.

The team fights a hard battle, with Toff painfully slowly making his way near enough to help. The new threat (perhaps St. Cloud’s?) destroys Toff’s spirit, but won’t target Chessick (too close to Jones!). They drop Ortega, finally, and heavily injure Ro, before Toff is able to scatter them with a massive stunball. They fall back, and the team races back to Hobbes’ cab, wanting to clear the scene before any reinforcements arrive. They ditch their weapons to get through the checkpoint, paying a steep bribe, and calling Art for a pickup. He sends a medi-limo for Jones, and tells them “good job.” They heal up as much as they can, though Toff further wounds Ortega in the attempt, unused to his new ghoul anatomy, and sends him to the hospital.

While there, Ro and Aemon decide to implant a cranial bomb, set to run silent, with a short nonsense phrase trigger that only they know. Just in case he gets out of control… Butch covers the surgical costs, hoping this will help ensure their continued data reportage. Toff offers the destroyed spirit some reagents as an apology, not wanting to get a bad rep. Everyone else heals up in a few days, and gets paid, with promises of future jobs also in the works. Art also tells them that the stolen nano wasn’t actually a threat, just new tech. They believe him, but then they believed the others before too.

Ortega, needing to eat and unsure how to proceed, calls up the Exchange and asks for a hookup. They text him an address and a time, but he is unable to find it out a map. Chessick figures out it’s a simple cipher, and the meet (and the meat ha) should be at an old graveyard, buried off a disused section of the tube system. He codes a map, and Ortega descends into the less savory corners of the Underground. He reaches the graveyard, after successfully spooking anyone who attempted to approach. He can hear what sounds like a river running nearby, and know the place must be old by the large amount of Catholic grave markers present.

A cloaked, hooded figure emerges from the murk and greets him with “you’re late.” Ortega apologizes, and explains his needs (25 lbs of metahuman meat per week, due to his huge size), and the figure offers an absurd rate. Ortega tries to counter, and though socially inept, the figure agrees to a lower amount. He gives Ortega a small package as a “token” and says the first week’s delivery can arrive that very night if he provides an address. He gives them Chessick’s flat number, where the team is laying low, and rips open the package, finding a human hand and a blood-red commlink within. He devours the flesh from the hand, and returns to the flat.

A large suitcase is delivered a few hours later, waking everyone up in the middle of the night, and Chessick warns Ortega that this is absolutely not acceptable to do again. Ortega chows down on the limb sections inside, rationalizing that they couldn’t possibly be children, right? He checks the commlink after it chirps, and it welcomes him to Tamanous’ home delivery network. Chessick knocks together a piece for the All-Seeing Eye about the situation in the Squeeze, using some quotes from people he talked to there. They hear from Art that he has another job, and get ready to roll.

Team 2 Part 2
2/3/2015, 4:41:09 PM
Team 2:
Achilles Serifim
Caria Alten
Servaas Nikolic
Shri Moreau
introducing Belle Pepper and Munty

The team gets a job from ‘Drekbomb’, while he is recuperating in the hospital. He tells them to go to hacker bar, and wait to be approached- there’s some paranoid types looking for a capable team, but they want to check them out before meeting. They agree, and head to The Armadillo in Puyallup. They wander a bit and order some drinks, until Shri becomes sure that a group in the corner is watching them. They approach, and the leader introduces himself as Speed Hack. He says they want the team to break some SINless technomancers out of a Knight Errant facility. They agree, though Servaas is a bit reluctant, due to his dislike of fugitives.

The get the rundown of the plan, and head out to get started. They find out that KE uniforms are laundered in minimally secure facility off the main training campus in Renton, and head there. Shri and Caria distract some guards while Belle and Achilles cut through a fence (Belle repeatedly shocking herself), and crack the lock on the back door. They sneak in, and Belle manages to convinced Achilles not to kill everyone inside. They steal some uniforms, and exfiltrate with no trouble. Shri, at Seducer’s command, makes plans to party with the 2 trainee guards later.

They buy a beater car, and some spare tires to fit the prison transport van, and set up an ambush along it’s route under an overpass. Achilles slices through the front wheel as it rolls past, and the van skids to a stop. Realizing they didn’t think through a non-lethal approach, they kill the guards inside, including 1 who surrenders. They ko the prisoners with a stun baton, and change into their uniforms, while Belle swaps the wheel, and Shri redirects traffic and inquiries. They dump the bodies in the car, and Caria and Achilles take it to an abandoned lot in the Redmond Barrens and torch it.

The rest of the team covers up the bloodstains and damage to the van interior as best as possible, throws out the spare tire, and bluffs call-in about their late arrival, due to tire trouble. They scam their way into the prison using the ID’s and passes provided by Speed Hack, and pick up the “work detail.” However, another guard insists on coming along as they have 6 prisoners and only 3 guards. They manage to convince them not to make them swap vans, against regulation as they are not supposed to take it out with the spare on. They kill the new guard as well, drop off the freed prisoners, get paid, and torch the van also. Job well done?

Pia Oliversson contacts Shri and Caria, and tells them that she has another job for them. She’s expecting low to no combat, so she requests they leave the pyschos out on this one. She also introduces them to Munty, a 50-some year old human woman who has a very non-memorable face. Pia tells them that Munty is a skilled thief and infiltrator and will be joining them on this job, to see how they work together. They get the number for Mr. Johnson, and head to the meet:a boarded tenement in Puyallup. They decide to sneak in to impress the Johnson, with some success, though Caria is embarrassed at failing to scale the brick walls.

Inside, they find the dwarf man they are supposed to meet, who is wearing a fancy suit that has seen better days. He tells them that he wants to use them to subtly sway the Consensus, Horizon’s employee-voting decision-making system. He claims that he wants to return Horizon to a place closer to their founding ideals, as he feels they have drifted onto too aggressive of a path. From what they can tell, he’s being honest (and offering good money), though he won’t give any personal details. They do suss out that he is either a former or current employee however. They take the job.

Part 1: they are to infiltrate Horizon Seattle, their downtown office tower, and get themselves added to a list of “new employees” attending an orientation the next day. Caria provides astral overwatch and distracts the receptionists, while Shri distracts the 2 security guards while Munty passes by using a pass she lifted off an exiting employee. Munty, dressed as a janitor, makes her way to the HR department, finds the computer room, lifts another pass, and sneaks in. Having used demara to temporarily learn computers, she adds their names to the orientation list (it won’t hold up under scrutiny but should get them in the door), and sneaks back out, helping a frantic employee find their “missing” pass on the way.

They return the next day (Shri having slept with one of the guards at Seducer’s suggestion), and head in. After watching an hours worth of pro-Horizon propaganda, they can tell what the Johnson is talking about: the more recent trids and talking points are decidedly more aggressive, seemingly due to Horizon’s loss of face in the recent war between Aztlan and Amazonia. They all follow the appropriate ARO line to the department they are “going to work for”, and mingle and chat with some veteran employees (who are very gung-ho on Horizon but happy to answer questions) as well as the other new hires.

Every 5 to 15 minutes, they get different ethical dilemma questions, seemingly polling from the Consensus, and they try to answer them as the Johnson wanted- in a more compassionate/forgiving way. Unfortunately, unable to communicate and not knowing the questions ahead of time, they are occasionally working at cross purposes. They all manage to bluff their way through the orientation, however, and make their exits with various excuses (or just slip off in Munty’s case). The Johnson tells them that although they had some effect, it was not as great as he had hoped, so they really need to nail the next 2 jobs.

They fly to LA on the Johnson’s dime, and deciding to bring only legal gear, get a contact for the local Ancients chapter from Belial. They land, and call up Alex Foxfire to get the necessary gear, as well as a car and a safehouse. They surveil the next target: Horizon’s spaceflight subsid, Transglobal. The head of the division, Maggie Snowden, is giving a speech about their space program in a few days, and the Johnson wants to insert some specific inspiring language into it, to make sure that Horizon employees watching the speech (of which there should be quite a few) will be properly swayed. Shri finds a lonely middle-aged employee, and takes her out for drinks, and plies her for info about the speechwriter(s). The project lead is a woman in her 40’s, so they decide to kidnap and question her, and then have Munty infiltrate the facility using her biometrics in order to steal the speech. The Johnson gives them the name of a local screenwriter, Ralston Beauregard, who can do a quick edit if they can get it to him.

They snatch the woman leaving a yoga class, and throw a mage/faraday hood over her head after tasing her to prevent her communicating. They get her back to the safehouse with no trouble, and ziptie her to a chair. Caria wakes her up and they start questioning her. Caria tries to intimidate her by threatening her cats, but feels Bear’s strong disapproval, and backs down. However, she’s still quite scared, so the team manages to get the info they need. They line the trunk of the car with metal to make an impromptu faraday cage, knock the writer out, and drive back downtown. Munty copies her prints and retinas real quick, and then exits the trunk and rushes into the building, to use the biometrics before they revert.

Shri provides physical overwatch on the car, while Caira goes on an astral jaunt to keep an eye on Munty inside. Munty gets past security, altough just barely, and uses the writer’s description to find her office. She imitates the writer’s voice to get in, and to use the computer. She gets a copy of the speech, and leaves the office again, to go find a wireless-accessible spot, becoming somewhat lost in the process. However, she sends the speech out, and Shri passes it on to Ralston, who says it’ll be a few hours. Caria helps Munty hide in a janitorial supplies closet during the wait. Ralston sends the edit back, and Munty wanders around again until she finds her way back to a familiar area, and puts the speech back on the computer. She also forwards it to Maggie Snowden for final approval, so that no-one else will tweak it after all this hard work.

They head back to the safehouse and wait out the night. Shri calls in sick, posing as the writer, the next day, and they get a call from the Johnson saying that the speech was a success. They drop the writer off in a public part in a nice part of town, still unconscious, figuring that Doc Wagon or Horizon will start getting a biomonitor signal and come get her before long. The Johnson tells them the next job is to influence at least 10 votes for the upcoming Academy Awards, in order to ensure a win for the Pathfinder Media trid that’s up for best picture. It’s, overall, a tale of pacifism and overcoming differences through tolerance and understanding, so a win for the Horizon subsid would help sway the Consensus further in the correct direction.

They’re already in LA, so they get to work. Relying on a combination of blackmail, bribery, seduction, appeals to better natures, and the like, they manage to sway the requisite number of voters over the next few days. Shri gains a few more notches in her belt, for Seducer’s approval. Their chosen picture wins, and the Johnson, happy with their work, thanks them and pays up. They head back to Seattle.

Swing Vote
1/30/2015, 12:01:04 AM
Runners:
Ortega
Ro Tain
Aemon Burst
Introducing: Christopher Toff and Chessick Allens-Whitehill

Arriving in London, they head straight to the meet, it being a last minute thing. Someone named “A Johnson” has requested their presence, and even though its a basement bar in a back alley, they handily navigate there via the omnipresent ARO’s that have been bombarding them since halfway across the Channel.

They meet a man who identifies himself as Artholomew Johnson, which they all think is just a bit too cute to be real, but thats how it is. He lays out the job: he needs to know which way a tight vote on a transit tunnel is going to go, before the vote happens. He has secured them invites to a pol-function where many of the relevant figures will be, and gives them some names to look into in specific. He doesn’t seem to have an agenda as to swinging it one way or the other, just wants to make money by knowing which it will go. They fumble the negotiation a bit, and he brings down his offer slightly after threatening to walk. They talk him back around, and he gives them all the needed info and invites.

They find a hotel that seems decent, though a bit far from the city center. Toff buys a decent suit on Saville Row, so that he can blend in, and assures the team that his magical abilities will make him a useful component of this job. They find a message waiting for them at the hotel desk when they check in, from a woman id’ing herself as Rhiannon Glendower. She says that she knows who they are working for, and will offer assistance if they help ensure the vote goes her way. She says an elven woman named Elwes will be in attendance at the function tomorrow, and that they should make contact on arrival.

They do some research on all 3 people, and find that Johnson is an info-broker, who seems to have illicitly made some money in New York in a past life, before fleeing just ahead of the SEC and setting up here. So that all checks out. Elwes seems to be Glendower’s main London operative, Glendower herself apparently residing primarily in Wales. Glendower checks out too: she is concerned with urban renewal, and is one of the sponsors of the original transit plan, which would connect the Lambeth Containment Zone (aka the Squeeze) to the Underplex, and the rest of city transit, finally giving the cordoned-off residents some economic opportunities. However, Renraku has attempted to repurpose the funds to connect their London arcology to the Underplex, increasing their market share there, and driving up the value of their corporate scrip.

This is a bit of a dilemma: Ro definitely wants Renraku to get what they want. But Toff feels that the LCZ strongly resembles the Ork Underground, and wants to give those people a chance. Ortega and Aemon are both more on the side of the Squeeze than the Corp, but they decide to, for now, see which way the vote is going before making any hard plans. They also meet up with a tabloid reporter named Chessick Allens-Whitehill, who says he has been sent by Art to make sure they can handle the social aspects of the evening ahead, as he apparently feels they were a bit lacking in graces. After discussing the plan further, Ro agrees not to prevent the team from swinging the vote to benefit the Squeeze, so long as she doesn’t have to act directly against Renraku, as she really dislikes metahuman experimentation.

They stock up on needed gear (RFID mics, a puzzler gun for Aemon, stylish clothes as needed), and Ro and Chessick brief the team on appropriate etiquette and Japanacorp styles. They head to the Lobbyist’s Ball, with Ortega acting as driver/security, and the rest posing as trade delegates. They mingle, and all manage to find some people aligned with their interests to tally votes from. Aemon corners the rural contingent, Toff looks into the religious vote, Ro closes in on the other trade delegates and Japanacorp employees, Ortega makes small talk with the other security onsite, and Chessick finds Elwes to compate notes. After spying on the speaker of parliament and his aide, as well as much convo, they end up with a worrying tally: 33% against, 66% for the Renraku plan. There is only 1 vote unaccounted for: James Helling.

They leave, and do some digging. Apparently Helling has received some sort of unspecified threats, and has been holed up on the family estate, with increased security, for the last few weeks. He has been voting from home during this time, but doesn’t seem to have deviated much from his regular stances on things. However, Chessick digs through the All-Seeing Eye back catalog and finds a grainy vid that looks to be Helling entering a dingy back alley establishment of some sort with 2 guards, and stumbling out 4 minutes later with what looks like a fresh bite mark under his arm. He has been involved in a long-running series of drink/drug/gambling/prostitution scandals in the press, and this seemed initially to be another one, though the team begins to wonder what exactly bit him… They also find rumors of some sort of red-haired trickster harassing people all around the British Isles, and worry that it may be Dark Harlequin.

They decide they better go to his estate and at least find out which way he’ll vote (and maybe make sure he goes their way). After doing some surveillance, they decide to try to spoof their way past the gate, and Chessick hacks his way into the system and adds their car and ID’s to the “approved” list without getting spotted. They enter, and the guards ignore them- they seem focussed solely outwards. Toff does some astral recon, and finds a powerful mana barrier protecting something underground, but the mansion otherwise unpopulated aside from a lone butcher in the kitchen, chopping raw meat. There is a pig outside, but after describing the meat to the rest of the team, they think it may be human.

Chessick blags his way in, posing as a “cleaner”, called in by the family to take care of a “mess.” The butcher is confused but convinced, and allows them into the wine cellar, where a shelf slides aside to reveal a vault door. It opens, and they enter, passing through the mana barrier, which deactivates their spells and foci. The door slams shut behind them, closing them in the pitchdark basement. They explore, and find a relatively clean and empty underground facility- some sort of bomb shelter perhaps? There seem to be more levels below, but they stumble upon a pack of feral ghouls and get distracted.

They manage to fight off the ghouls with their limited weapons, helped by the fact that Ortega rushes in to the mob, and they seem fixated on the snack. After slaying the final ghoul of the bunch, an astral form approached Toff and tells him to leave this place if he values his life. Sensing that the team is in a precarious position, but must pose a threat for this offer to be made, Toff negotiates. They arrange for Helling to vote against Renraku in exchange for promising not to tell what they have seen here until the residents can relocate somewhere safer. They also pass along contact info for Nomusa Iblis, as Asamando seems like a good bet as to where to go. Chessick gets the man, who identifies himself as the family doctor, Baxton Gresh, to agree that they will also give The All-Seeing Eye an exclusive interview once they’ve reached safety.

Gresh says that he must get the deal approved, and flies off. Toff comes back to the team, and they wait for a few tense minutes, until the vault door swings open again, apparently signaling agreement. They exit, and pass the butcher on the way down, carrying a large bin full of raw meat. He doesn’t meet their eyes. They leave the mansion without further trouble, and pass along the info to Art and Glendower. They both say that payment will be arranged on the morrow, assuming the info is good. The next day, they hear that the vote has failed by 1, a major public blow to Renraku, whose PR machine is already in overdrive trying to spin it to look better for them. Ro feels conflicted, but they all get paid as promised, and both Art and Glendower say they will contact the team with future offers, as their work proved satisfactory.

Exiting the ACHE
1/29/2015, 10:46:32 PM
Runners:
Thankyou aka Eckhard Roberts
Ortega
Ro Tain
Aemon Burst
Tonie Dick

The team, hiding on floor 222, strips off all their gear and weapons while waiting for Ea Skavgaard to signal them for extraction. It is a nervy day and a half, trying to control their nerves and grumbling stomachs while they hear what sounds like military activity outside their false room. However, she does eventually make contact, and they are escorted back to the main elevator by her and 4 well-armed and armored guards. Tonie, fearing a trap, scans her thoughts and finds her merely prepared for the possibility of trouble, and especially concerned about infection.

She tells them of some changes inside: apparently Death To All wiped out the Halloweeners in revenge, so the teams false flag op worked. Skavgaard then hired DTA to assault Wings of Predation, but warned WoP they were coming, resulting in an ongoing bloodbath. She has hopes that this will clear up at least one of the major spirit problems, as she still has to deal with all the dangerous tech above. The team is impressed by her canny manipulation of factions.

She debriefs them, and having determined that they lived up to their end of the bargain successfully, she puts them in civilian contractor jumpsuits, and sends them down to B1, where they are escorted out to the street by 2 more guards. They are free! They first head to Butch, to heal up and try to deal with all those nanites. She psych-evals, scans, and assenses all of the team members, with help from some techs, some Jackpoint members present astrally, and a dwarf mage from the Ork Underground named Toff. Aemon and Tonie check out as totally clean. Ro only has some dead nanites in her system, and is not infected, though she has been having dreams of Deus and seems to have become addicted to his nano-toxin.

Ortega and TY are not as lucky: although they both pass the psych eval (ruling out full infection in Butch’s mind), they both have active nanites in their systems. Daedelus manages to game the ensuing nanite flush to maintain a strong presence in TY without anyone noticing, and the flush also seems to help abate Ortega’s problems. However, Butch tells them that this will likely be an ongoing expense, as she does not believe it is possibly to fully cure with a flush based on her experiments. She details the disease, which she has taken to calling Cognitive Fragmentation Disorder, and fills the team in on what’s happened while they’ve been inside.

She lists some possible origins, signs of infection, outbreak sites, and the 5 different “types” of infected she has observed (or inferred). These match up with the different infected they encountered inside, and they provide her with a lot of useful data, as well as the medical data promised. She also tells them that Mars has been especially hardhit, as some types of the infection often likes to target remote/enclosed areas where it can operate and expand free of oversight. Also, as much nano was used in terraforming and construction, there have been major infrastructure failures, including upper city plate collapses in places. This has led to a mass exodus from Mars fro those who can afford it, and who can clear whatever checks the Corporate Court has placed on space travel. There has been a lot of assassination and extraction jobs recently, also, as corps are interested both in the infected and people working on cures.

They thank Butch, and she suggests Toff accompany them for awhile to make sure Ort and TY stay clear of trouble. They agree, and Tonie and TY head out to start selling data while the others recuperate further. Daedelus warns TY to avoid Ro, as she has become dangerously suspicious. They make contact with an Evo employee to sell the medical data to (having already passed it on to Butch) and meet up with an “assets manager” named Ayishah Nagi. She is very interested in the data, and after skimming it and receiving “proof of deletion” on their part, she pays a tidy sum, and tells them to call her again if they have anything else good.

They move on, and call up Lone Star Security Services. Their contact, Rahel Juric, is impressed by the datafile and accompanying vid that TY edited together, and says she thinks it is promising for LS to get the policing contract, based on the madness inside. They decide not to mention the infected ex-LS officer running the copland in there, as Butch said he seemed like the least problematic type (though still perhaps a longterm threat). This leaves them a little potential leverage, though they already told Skavgaard.

They next contact Simon Andrews, with Aemon taking the lead. They chat it up and agree to link up and party in Gemany soon, as Andrews is on a break from Bug City for a week. They sell him the drone weapons data, although he is disappointed that the drone specs themselves are not on offer. He tells Aemon that Saeder-Krupp can certainly afford to pay, so he’d appreciate first look in the future, if they come across anything else worthy. He also says he might have some work soon.

TY leaves a message for Ehran the Scribe to offer the AI and technomancer data, and Ehran shortly thereafter manifests next to him to negotiate. However, as no-one else is present, and Daedelus controls TY’s sensory software and hardware, it is unclear if this is actually happening or not. TY goes along with it regardless. He sells the data for a massive sum, but proof of erasure is again required. The team complies, though it is slightly suspicious that Tobias Cheney is the one who shows up to do the work.

They sell the geomancy data to Wuxing, through a man named Cristof Mulberry, whom TY recalls as a corp operative from Mars, though he didn’t know his affiliation at the time. TY also sends the data on the geomancy use of the modular dwelling spaces inside the ACHE to Jane, though it is once again unclear if it is truly her or merely Daedelus manipulating TY. TY has noticed that there has been a massive upload from his comm since they emerged, which Daedelus says is just communication and updates as normal. He says he also sent SYD home with an “update package” all her own.

Ro calls up Hiro Katakura, her handler, and passes along the data on the ACHE’s structural integrity and systems functionality and such. She also sells the drone data. She pays some out of pocket to pay the team so that she can pass some of this data to Katakura for “free” to ingratiate herself. He says that it is a big step towards getting back in Renraku’s good graces after the “Chicago incident.” She silently plots his eventual demise, but goes along with it, still wanting to work her way up in the corp.

Lastly, they decide to deal with whole witness protection clusterfuck. After much debate, they get in touch with Tibor Dobos, give him the message from inside, and provide footage of them killing Sokoloff. He tells them that he can only offer partial payment on the job, as they didn’t accept it upfront and he had to hire others also (to make sure). However, he appreciates that they came around to his way of seeing things. They don’t tell him about the video they made, detailing Sokoloff’s evidence before they killed him. Tonie consults with Imaginary Annie Goldsmith, and finds that although good lawyer would likely get it excluded from trial, the video would still be fairly useful from an investigative standpoint.

With that info and the video in hand, Aemon calls up Dana Oaks and contritely explains the situation. He doesn’t tell her that they took money for killing him, but otherwise explains that they fucked up and all they have is the vid. She takes it, but is super pissed, and tells them that unless they find some data of a quality to replace what she lost here, they better all lose her number. They seem to have just used their “get out of jail free” cards…. To sweeten the pot, Aemon gives her Dobos’ name and info, as she is very insistent once he incautiously lets slip that someone else was hiring gunhands to kill Sokoloff. Feeling that Dobos might be a good friend to have, Tonie tips him that the cops may be onto him (heard it from a friend ya know!), and Dobos thanks him for the warning, having only just cleared out ahead of the Black Knights.

Feeling that Seattle might be a dangerous spot for them for a while, they head off to Hamburg, all taking separate routes to avoid tracking, and able to leave behind their illicit gear in the Underground safehouse. They are surprised that TY doesn’t show up, and get a message from him that he has left for Chicago instead, to research Gilgamesh Initiative leads there and try to find April O’Mally, who has supposedly turned up there. Ro is happy to see him go, though they are still pretty worried about how much he knows (and that he has access to all their safehouses…). Toff proves to be a fun clubber, alongside Aemon, and even Ortega has a few drinks and loosens up a little, having survived his personal “Inferno.” They spend some money, upgrade some implants, train some skills, and mostly just chill for a few days. They get a call about some work in London, and ride trains over, figuring they’ll gear up as needed on arrival, as they only know continental smugglers and aren’t familiar with chunnel security.

Ascending the ACHE
1/5/2015, 7:36:09 PM
Runners:
Thankyou aka Eckhard Roberts
Ortega
Ro Tain
Aemon Burst
Tonie Dick

The team finish their raid on the Komun’Go floors of the ACHE, successfully killing the 2 leaders and around 20 of their followers, who don’t seem prepared to deal with the level of firepower the team has brought to bear. Many more of them are stunned by Ro’s shock glove, though not as many as are wounded or killed by Ortega’s axe. They make sure the leaders will stay down, and return to the Kenran-Kai, where they link up with Tonie Dick, who has finally arrived after kicking around Europe for a while on the Grand Tour. With their show of good faith completed, they are free to skip work duties on the Yak floors and continue to do other jobs throughout the arcology. TY, feeling lonely, asks Daedelus if he can get calls out at all, and when informed that he can’t, TY tells Daedelus that he is upset at being unable to contact Jane. Daedalus asks for access to TY’s call logs, and constructs a construct of Jane that can communicate with TY. Daedalus uses this boost TY’s self-esteem, and keep him functional, though this also means that TY’s descent into cyberpsychosis has advanced significantly. They even have some “3-way” convo’s, as well as chatting with the SYD program, which Daedelus has upgraded slightly.

They also make contact with a Gianelli Family mafia dwarf smuggler, Elvira Palladino, who they hire to help them travel throughout the ACHE. In exchange, they negotiate with Gaspar Blaise, the underboss, to do some work for the mafia. They are to undertake 2 tasks: first, find out what is going on with the Wings of Predation, as they supposedly have mafia ties but have been refusing contact, and never sent back the envoy that Blaise sent up. Second, put an end to the “flesh tax” enacted by the 162’s ghouls and cannibal Disassemblers, as it fucks up the mafia’s ability to safely move people around, one of their main businesses inside.

They start off by securing some gear for TD while they heal up from the raid on the Seoulpa, he was only able to smuggle in some novacoke. They decide to look into the witness protection job first, and head up to the Vory floors, once again forced to bribe the Octagon triad with a ritual link. The Vory run bars, drug dens, prostitution, fighting pits, and gambling clubs, and are popular with the enlisted personnel working in the ACHE for these services. They also serve any other residents who can pay, and TD arranges to trade some drugs for info with a bartender. They get a contact, the elven madame Teresa Mihalyov, who will put them in touch with Yefrem Sokoloff, the witness they are supposed to extract for Dana Oaks. They return with the drugs, and bribe Mihalyov, who tells them where he is, but also says that some others just came through also looking for him and that she couldn’t stop them.

They race back to the small safe room, where they find 2 shedim ripping down the door, and manage to kill them before they get to Sokoloff. The shedim look ex-military, and seem to have come from the Death To All gang, who control the top block of civilian floors in the ACHE, and have a rep as being ultra-dangerous to cross. They bring Sokoloff back to the Yak area, and arrange to have him protected in exchange for securing an additional ticket out, whenever they figure out how to get him out. It seems Juro Maki is an ambitious sort, and doesn’t plan to remain exiled in here for his whole career. They decide to next deliver the mysterious package for the N’Drangheta.

They head up to the Wings of Predation turf, paying their usual bribe to the Triad. They also get stopped for a “flesh tax” on the 162’s floor. They confront the ghouls, killing one feral enforcer, before Tonie and Ro manage to step in and negotiate a peaceful solution. The team finds themselves very grateful for TD’s presence, though that may just be his tailored pheromones at work. They will eliminate the other flesh taxers: The Disassemblers, as the Gianelli Family feels only 1 “body disposal” organization is necessary, and the team likes ghouls better than cannibals (as they don’t have a choice in the matter). The team agrees to arrange this with all the other major syndicates as well, and the ghoul boss, Sarkand, agrees that they will halt the flesh tax if the syndicates ensure that they are fed.

Allowed to continue, they are also stopped on the Halloweeners trap floor, and are attacked with thrown flaming pumpkin-head bombs as Ro and Ortega clear the blockage in the elevator shaft. They are all wounded, but drive off the attackers and continue. They reach Wings turf, and disconcertingly find that the woman they are to deliver the package to, Amita Jain, is waiting for them as the doors open. She says she can heal their wounds, though a small or girl lures Ortega off to play hide and seek, which the others don’t notice at first. Though Aemon is unconscious, and the others wounded, Ro gets a bad vibe, and hands over the package while brusquely refusing healing. They head back for the elevator, while calling for Ortega, but the halls have rearranged since they passed, and it takes a bit.

Meanwhile, Ortega plays hide and seek in a sort of daze, and finds himself in bizarre winding corridors that seem disturbingly insectoid, eventually finding the girl floating in the center of what looks to be a large cocoon chamber. She tries to lure him in, but he finally overcomes her spell, and flees, but is poisoned while doing so. He reaches the elevator and the team flees, though they come under mental attack, and some are overcome by some calming buzzing. They figure these are insect spirits, and determine that the Gianelli’s envoy is probably gone for good. Daedelus says that he scanned the package with TY’s radar, and that it looked like BTL’s, which makes sense for a possession-focussed faction to distribute. They report back, and meet the mafia boss, Lilian Pierno, who confirms that rumors of insect infiltration of the N’Drangheta have long been floating around, and thanks them for their service. She also agrees to the 162’s terms, and says she will send Gaspar Blaise around to the other syndicates to spread the word.

They heal up, and gear up to take on the Disassemblers, who the 162’s warned them are lead by a wendigo. They head up, and manage to avoid trouble, though some once again succumb to the insect’s siren song. They reach the D’s floor, and venture out, as a trap closes off the elevator behind them. They seem to be in a bone pit, and fight some feral-seeming cannibals clad in bone armor, before ascending. They discover some human cattle pens, and move on, planning to free them later. They ascend another level, and find a grotesquely fat wendigo seated on a bone throne, accompanied by a mage and another group of cannibals. They defeat them, though they are repeatedly mind-controlled by the wendigo, and do some damage to one another. They take the wendigo’s horned head, as Aemon knows it contains valuable reagents, and also head back to free the prisoners, many of whom are missing limbs.

They head back down, dropping the prisoners off on the Anarchist Oracle floors, and are told to seek out a man named Tumelo Krantz if they return that way. They also stop at the Triad floors, and trade the wendigo head for free passage for the next while. They also offer to teach TD a spell, and he warns them of the insect spirits, for which the thank him and see they will try to offer some protection for those passing by that area in the elevators. The spirit or mage he is talking to introduces himself as Yeung Lin. They also meet up with some Vor underbosses, Salomon and Sybilla Niemczyk, twin humans, who they also provide the same warning to. They say that the boss, Sevastyan Ozolinish, will appreciate it, and that it clears them for engaging in a firefight on their turf. It also helps the the Vory have gained a lot of turn at the Seoulpa/Dogmen’s expense, given their weakened state.

Some other turf has also changed hands after the team rests up and restocks: the Anarchist Oracle has expanded into Disassemblers turf, as has Death To All (from the opposite side), and the 162’s have driven out the adjacent Night Hunters, the remaining members having settled in the last floor between AO and DTA. The Wings of Predation have pushed down into Blood Brothers turf, who have fully allied with the Chulos to hold their remaining floors. Wings has also pushed up into First Nations turf, and the Dogmen and Komun’go have moved up and joined forces with them, sharing an anti-Yakuza agenda and cultural heritage. The Blood Mountain Boys have taken some of the Seoulpa floors, while the Vory have taken the rest. The allied Ragers and Crimson Crush are now cooperating with the 162’s to destroy the human-supremacist Troll Killers, who are trapped between them. It seems the ghouls are well-stocked on food for now…..

Next up, they decide to deliver the message for Tibor Dobos, though they are leery of the shedim, as the woman they seek, Santa Notaro, lives on the DTA floors. They get up there and are unsettled to see that the DTA guards have SWAT armor and assault rifles, which all look like outdated model military surplus. Still, better than what the team can get in here. They say they are there to see Notaro, and the guards tell them that one of them can come along, while the rest wait. They have set up a pretty effective kill zone around the elevator, so the team agrees. Ro heads up and meets with Notaro, passing over the data chip, after which Notaro leaves the room, seemingly to confer with someone a room over. Ro doesn’t see them, but hears Notaro enter what seems to be a medical isolation tent, as well as hearing medical equipment running, and feeling a disturbing chill. Notaro returns with another message chip to bring to Dobos, completing their job. Ro leaves.

Meanwhile, Aemon has gotten himself into some trouble: while trying to impress the guards, he agreed to trick shoot some playing cards out of his friends’ hands, and does so with great success. However, he then tries to impress them by mentioning that his team killed 2 of DTA’s assassins a few days previous, and the draw down on him. He tries to flee but the elevator is too far. Ro and Tonie negotiate a deal: they will hand over Sokoloff in return for freeing Aemon, and allowing the team to pass through DTA turf to the military zone above. Notaro agrees, and Aemon knocks himself unconscious by head butting a wall, to deny the DTA soldiers the pleasure of beating him up while they wait for the team to return.

The team convinces Sokoloff to record a statement about what he knows before they move him “for safety”, which isn’t hard as he and TY have bonded over shared conspiracy theories. He tells them that he has uncovered real proof of the activities of The Black Lodge, and their high-level infiltration of government in both DC and Seattle. He suggests that Kenneth Brackhaven, as well as many senators, congressmen, and bureaucrats are all secretly under the influence of this nefarious group, and outlines what he knows of their activities, saying that he was only able to discover them due to some incautious acts they undertook during the artifact rush, specifically in DC during the closing of the Watergate Rift. He says that they have a base out at Monticello, Thomas Jefferson’s old plantation, and operate in a cell structure, but with an overall hierarchy that he has begun to uncover. After he winds down, Ro ko’s him with a shock glove, and TY turns off his emotion-processing software and kills him. They figure that DTA was going to do worse, so they feel this is their best option.

They swap for Aemon, and DTA doesn’t seem overly upset that he is dead. Aemon, upon waking up, feels terrible for his actions, as does most of the team, although Ro points out that they can now get paid for completing the hit for Dobos, which cheers them up slightly. They don’t imagine that Oaks will be thrilled though. When informed of what Ro experienced when upstairs, Aemon says that there is likely a master shedim up there, as they have a cold, deathly aura that they emit in a large area around them. They stock up on gear a bit more, in case they have to fight more spirits, and head up for the military floors. They make contact with Ea Skavgaard, who tells them she has a few jobs for them. There is a rogue unit that up in the levels that the military is still clearing of Deus’ leftovers, and she worries that they may have been infected by something. She wants them taking care of quickly and quietly, as she is reluctant to send teams into the area for fear of losing more people, which would have a dangerous effect on morale. For similar reasons, she needs the 2nd job kept quiet: bodies of military dead have been going missing while being shipped downstairs for burial. She assumed it was ghouls or cannibals, but has looked into both and it doesn’t seem to be them, so she is concerned. The team tells her about the shedim in DTA, and she says this confirms her worries. This is why she needs outside contractors, as she doesn’t know who she can’t trust. She tells them to start in the medical wing, where they perform autopsies.

She also has another job, this one a request from higher-ups outside. “They” want a popular anarchist preacher named Tumelo Krantz eliminated, as he has been rallying a surprising number of civilians to his cause, and agitating for reforms in the way the ACHE is administered. Skavgaard doesn’t seem thrilled about passing this task on, and seems to emphasize that non-lethal options would be acceptable to her, at least. They agree to check all this stuff out, and she gets them all civilian contractor passes, cleared to work as janitors in both the main living and command area, and the FOB above it. They check out the bodies first, and manage to ID 2 shedim working together: one medical tech, and and a comms officer who has access to elevator controls and logs. Skavgaard tells them she can transfer the medic up to the FOB, and the comms guy down to the reactor levels in the basement, giving the team a chance to eliminate them in transit while providing a convenient way to cover it up, and hopefully avoid alerting the shedim that she is onto them (as they would likely target her next).

They decide to split up to hit them both simultaneously, and TY heads up the drone turret-defended floors between the main mil area and the FOB to hack a turret and set up his trap. He hardwires into both the elevator and a turret (with Daedelus’ help), and manages to kill the surprised shedim with 2 FA bursts, before crushing his head to be sure. He then obscures his tracks, and sneaks back downstairs just in time to see a ready team in full mil spec armor race past to investigate the “AI incursion.” He is sent back to his housing floor until they get an all clear. Little did Skavgaard know that he had an actual AI helping him, which will add credence to her cover story. The other team makes a deal with the AO to use one of their floors to target the shedim, who they have warned them of as a threat (since they basically share a border). They make a fake Halloweeners pumpkinhead bomb, and kill the surprised shedim with that, guns and axes, before chucking the corpse onto the Halloweeners level, to provide a cover story. They use a 1-time elevator override code that Skavgaard has given them, and which she says will look like it was a hack on their system by the gang. They then head to the Vory floor, to throw off anyone watching the elevator, before swapping elevators and heading home. They rest up, and stock up a bit more.

They look into the Anarchist Oracle floors next, under the pretense of checking up on the people they dropped off there. Krantz proves to be a skilled orator, though Tonie is able to recognize his as a fellow slick operator, and by scanning his brain can tell that he is a lot more cynical and self-serving than he lets on (but who isn’t?). However, he does seem to be interested in the well-being of the people under his care, though he seems to be doing it to build a power base more than for their own good. He seems to be hiding here while amassing followers, but it is unclear what his ultimate goal is. He also doesn’t seem to know what happened when he notices TD’s mind-reading, luckily. He has organized a loosely cell-based structure, wherein different necessary tasks are overseen by different cells, and he tells them that he is proud of the fact that they are the fastest-growing faction in the ACHE, now that people are pushing back against Wings, the rumors of their true nature having spread. Tonie questions how “truly” anarchist this place is, as Krantz seems to be in charge, and Krantz says they are welcome to attend the daily meeting and see for themselves. He and the floor bosses all attend every meeting, but otherwise attendance is open, though non-mandatory for all others living in their turf.

Aemon and TD team up to assense Krantz, trying to figure out what he’s up to, and see that he has a lot of gene treatments, as well as a nano-hive and a huge amount of nanites, which worries them- he may be infected with whatever Butch wanted them to look into! They decide to take him out, fulfilling the job for Skavgaard, as well as hopefully gathering some useful data for Butch. TY sets up a trap whereby he will use his priority elevator codes (as a civilian contractor) to bring the Night Hunters down to the daily meeting, as they have rumors from AO guards that the NH-ers have some sort of beef with Krantz. The team will “intervene” to help out, avoiding suspicion hopefully, but only once Krantz is eliminated. Ortega only feels ok with this since he figures this infected guy can’t actually be a good leader.

They pull off the plan, though Ortega has to wade in and “accidentally” finish off Krantz with his axe while pretending to help, before the team helps the floor bosses (who all prove to be remarkably skilled fighters) kill of the Night Hunters. With Krantz dead, a floor boss named Faris As’as Darzi steps up- he has disturbingly similar speech patterns and movements to Krantz, and upon assensing, the team confirms that he and the other floor bosses (as well as the Night Hunters) are all crawling with nanites. Worried that they may have become exposed, they return to the yak floors, and spend a few days gearing up for the upper levels, and assensing themselves- TY and Ortega are the only infected ones so far. Daedelus tells TY that if he grants him access to more systems, he can help fend them off. The team discusses smuggling in an EMP to try to clear them that way, but decide against it, worried about what effect it will have on ‘ware. However, Daedelus instructs TY in the secret building of an EMP, which he sets off on Ortega in the night, bricking his cybereyes. TY manages to convince everyone that he was also in the blast zone, but Ro is starting to get suspicious. However, Aemon does verify that both of their nanite levels seem to have dropped, though Ortega’s dropped a lot more than TY’s (whose was also higher initially).

They decide to construct another EMP each, and smuggle in supplies to do so, just in case they need to do it again: Aemon says it seems more like mitigation/treatment than a cure, but that it does seem to work for now. They decide to at least check out the Copland, populated mainly with ex- Lone Star officers who have turned to crime since losing their jobs. As this is a much safer place (especially for cops) than a prison, they get sent here. It also allows them to use their area here as a “proof of concept” for what it would look like if they got the contract to police the whole civilian portion of the ACHE. They meet the “criminal liaison” Peggy Kyles, who brings them to her boss Daniel Alderhof, who proves to be a chatty, folksy type. They warn him of the shedim and bug spirits, and he thanks them and plies them with drinks for more info. They don’t want to share more and insist on leaving, though TY (at Deadelus’ suggestion) radars him and spots a nano-hive, so he may also be infected. However, his assistant appears clean, and he makes no effort to stop them leaving, so they do so.

They also smuggle in a bunch more drugs to bribe checkpoint guards to let them out of the military FOB into the levels still being cleared. Skavgaard provides them with patrol schedules for the floors below the rogue unit’s speculative area of operation, and they get ready to head up. They also give her the names of the guards they bribed, as she wants to keep an eye on them, knowing they’re willing to bend the rules (though she also seems to be willing to). They warn her of the possible infection in the AO and LS levels, and she says she has heard about some similar problems cropping up elsewhere, and says she’ll look into it. They scan her also to be sure, but she seems clean of both infection and inhabitation. They make an extraction plan with her, wherein they will hide in some cleared floors just ahead of the FOB when they are done, giving them a few days to complete all their jobs upstairs before the military moves their whole 15 floor base up another 15 floors, at which Skavgaard will send them an “all clear” signal to emerge from their hiding place, and she can smuggle them out of the ACHE. They also arrange a future ticket out for Maki to use as he pleases.

They bribe the checkpoint guards and the comms officer monitoring the checkpoint, and sneak past the patrols, barely scraping by on luck, though the patrol schedules prove invaluable. They get past the area that the military has cleared and is readying to move into, and also through the area they are actively clearing. They then reach the area where clearing has begun: a 50 floor stretch where only scout units are patrolling until the rogue unit is dealt with. There may still be some active Deus tech here as well, they are warned. They are glad to have Prosper Bellini with them on these levels, and he seems much calmer in his element here, amidst the ruin of the Shutdown. They sneak past some scout patrols, and head for a “medical level” where Bellini says Deus performed many of his experiments. He also takes them to some sites that he thinks will provide good data for Ro’s structural analysis (which she is performing for Renraku). He tries to show them a large “meat sculpture” that Deus made of fused together people, but it seems to have been destroyed, as do a number of sites that look like they may have contained useful data. Disturbingly, the damage seems recent, and though the weaponry used looks military, the tactics don’t: the military is carefully cataloging and sorting the things they recover, not just wantonly wrecking it. So, this is likely the work of the rogue unit.

They reach the medical floor, and find a horrifying abattoir: there are no walls, and as they move in, medical spotlights spring to life and follow them, illmuninating innumerable operating tables, stasis tanks, freezers, and still active auto-docs, which try to reach out and grasp them as they move through. Hearing smashing in the distance, they try to set an ambush, but the lights make it hard to hide. Aemon assenses 2 others on the floor with them, and they seem to also notice the team. They get in a hard fought firefight with the 2 men, both wearing mil spec armor and using assault rifles (though thankfully their grenade supply is exhausted). They defeat them, with TY making sure that stay dead after hacking into the medical drones. However, Daedelus informs TY that in this process he has become infected with another presence, and asks for full access to his systems. TY agrees, and Daedelus says that he has managed to subvert a significant percent of TY’s nanite population, though if the other 2 “presences” controlling nanites in his body team up it could be problematic. Disturbingly, the 2 dead soldier’s seem infected with nanites as well, and have fused with their armor to some extent. The team puts their rifles through a large autoclave, hoping this will render them safe. It bricks the smartguns, but the mechanical portions still work fine, so they find themselves much better armed. They retreat a few floors to heal, fearing further attacks from the rogue unit (there may be up to 5 more soldiers).

TY informs the team that he gained a lot of medical data from his hack: Deus was apparently experimenting with how to use human brains as digital storage, and had made significant advances along those lines, as well as experimenting with nano-toxins and nano-delivery systems for drugs. Butch and others will likely be very interested. They set up a perimeter, rest a bit, and prepare to seek out the rest of the rogue unit, before advancing to the levels where Deus’ drones are still active. Ro is getting increasingly creeped out by TY, though this awful place is having a strong effect on everyone: Aemon is getting cruder, and Ortega seems to view it as some Dante’s Inferno style parable, and doesn’t seem capable of being fully present.

They heal and rest for the night, and then head back up to the medical level, but Daedelus takes over TY’s sensors and alerts him to some tripwires, so they retreat as a massive explosion tears through the floor. They pick their way through the rubble of the ruined medical units, and find that it seems to have been set off with grenades, some breaching charges, and an influx of oxygen into the floor. They come under fire from a sniper, and manage to eventually take him out while creeping forward. They get another AR and find that this member of the rogue unit is also fused to his armor. They begin to speculate that the rogue unit has some particular objective, and is trying to delay the team, as this woman fought to the death in a rearguard action.

They head up, with Bellini leading the way. He takes them to more data stores and the like, but all seem to have been recently destroyed. They find some military corpses, stripped of gear and helmets, and determine that the rogue unit wiped out the non-“infected”, and also determine that only 2 infected soldiers remain. They manage to scrounge a little more ammo, and seem to be catching up to the last 2 soldiers, who seem to have run out of grenades and are smashing and shooting things to destroy them now. They reach the floor below the still-sealed levels (301 and above) and lay a trap, with Ro hiding in front to detonate EMP’s as the troops enter. They spring the trap, and the EMP’s seem the help, though Ro is grievously wounded, being so close to them. They manage to drop them after a hard fight, and find they are also fused in. They scrounge a bit more ammo, as Tonie and Aemon try to patch everyone up. They find the military barrier sealing off the top floors, but it has been opened with a breaching charge, though some of the damage seems to have been repaired, strangely. They set up camp, and rest for the night while keeping watches.

They shoot some small drones that emerge from the hole, they seem to be small centipede-like segmented insectoids, but don’t have any visible means of attack. Perhaps repair drones? They scatter a few more groups of them over the night, they seem to flee when attacked. After resting, they enter the hole- Bellini seems almost excited, raising Ro’s suspicions, but she is unable to spot him doing anything odd. They head in and find an enormous multi-story cylindrical chamber containing what seems to be a heavily damaged mainframe. There are a huge number of drones in the process of repairing it, including some of the centipedes, a lot of small spider-like drones, and a smaller number large starfish, 5-limbed radially symmetric things that cartwheel about the room at all angles. TY radar scans them all, and the team almost heads into the room when Daedelus warns TY to check his radar: the floor is covered in a thin layer of nano-goo, which is creeping slooooooowly towards them.

TY plugs into the mainframe to see if he can gain drone control, but it seems to be so fried (from EMP’s mostly) as to be non-functional. It was definitely extremely powerful at one point, but the repair drones seem to be operating on auto-pilot: the system gives the drones work commands every time they return to charging stations, but the command interface seems trashed, so TY abandons that plan. He also finds footage of the rogue unit entering this area, seemingly on a scouting mission, and some of them becoming infected here. They carefully creep around the edge of the room on a layer of destroyed components that the drones are constantly dropping from above, and safely reach the far side. TY grabs one of the starfish as it spins past, but this seems to trigger it defense mechanisms, and the spiders and centipedes all flee while the rest of the starfish race to attack. TY takes the one near him to examine, after Aemon shoots it, and Ro uses their final EMP to trash the rest of them, taking some damage from their cutting tools in the process.

They head up a ramp spiraling around the exterior of the chamber, and find a charging station. TY scans that too, and they move on, coming under attack from a large drone that grapples at them with electrostatic fur and razorclaws. They manage to put it down, but it looks to be one of the hunter-killer “medusas” that Bellini had warned them of. They head into what seems to be an ever-shifting maze of some sort. They get swarmed by some small bat drones, but they don’t seem to do anything aggressive, though they do dispense some kind of fluid onto the team. They determine that it is flammable and get a bit worried. They manage to skirt some more nano-goo, and with Aemon’s magical navigating, emerge from the maze unscathed. They are almost instantly swarmed by more bats in what looks like an elevator bank, including 1 extremely large bat that fires a flamethrower at them. They manage to shoot it down before it lights them up directly, but all take some severe damage in the ensuing explosion. However, that seems to have taken care of the bats.

They head to “elevators” which seem to merely be tight tubes with precarious ladders inside. They ascend, along the route Bellini suggests. They emerge into another large chamber, with 4 pathways headed out from it at 22.5 degree increments. They come under attack from some ruthenium coated melee drones, who do some severe damage, mostly to Ortega who is ko’d by one of their barbed tails. They revive him and debate which path to take. Ortega marks the halls “1” through “4” with his axe, but Bellini tells them that drones and Deus’ agents used to erase or falsify the marks when the Resistance would leave them. Curious, the team gets info from Bellini about these “agents”, and he describes a factional breakdown, sorted by color-code, with this top area being the “Whites” level. He says Deus called many followers to the arcology before the shutdown, and kept the useful ones very close. He suggests a hall, and they head up it.

They reach what looks like a shabby communal living area. There are workstations, thin pallets stacked in bunks, and some meager and mouldering cooking supplies. There is a large projection screen over a chunk of wall, which is mostly just glitched pixels at this point. Bellini tells them to look behind it, and they find an image of a huge, crystalline world-tree, which Bellini ID’s as Deus’ sigil. They debate what this implies about Deus’ connections to Winternight. There is a port near the base, and TY jacks in before anyone can stop him. Bellini suggests they all do the same, and rushes forward to do so, but Ro and Aemon gun him down. He makes 1 last surge forward and jacks in with his dying breath. TY sees another wink in beside him and sigh “finally home…” before vanishing again. The team tries to contact TY to no avail, and he has no luck communicating with them, or (disturbingly) with Daedelus.

Looking around, he gets a strong feeling that this is because he has somehow gained access to the Resonance Realms, and specifically the Deep Resonance, and excitedly begins to dig for info he had thought lost forever (or at best inaccessible to him). He researches the Gilgamesh Initiative and finds one mention from 2061, that contact has been made with a man named Thomas Roxborough about the GI. TY tries his absolute mightiest to find more, including the info Sem-par lost at the GI facility in the Norse fjords. However, he instead realizes what is actually happening: he is in an ultra-violet node, made to appear as the deep resonance. He is dejected, but continues to dig, hoping for some useful intel at least. He finds it in droves: although the damage to the mainframe below has lead to much being lost, the living branches of the tree still contain many bits of info, represented as leaves, which he plucks and reads.

He discovers that Deus had managed to lure many otaku/technomancers to the arcology, and provided them instructions on how to get inside, including some getting jobs and working undercover for months before the Shutdown. He posed as a manifestation of the Deep Resonance, which he allowed them access to and gave commands through, to maintain his control over them. When Deus had all his pieces in place, he struck, and TY gains a significant amount of info about his research and experiments (including major nano-developments), as well as his apparently successful plan to exfiltrate himself from the arcology by splitting himself into multiple tiny packages, storing himself in the biological storage units he managed to create in the minds of some of his otaku, and later recompile once they successfully bypassed the military. He also apparently figured out how to “awaken” latent technomancers, though he doesn’t seem to have been able to add the ability to those lacking it entirely. However, Deus apparently had to move up his plans, as some sort of surprise attack occurred, and he also believed that his system was being infiltrated by some powerful entity from within the arcology.

TY relays this info, and Ro smells money. TY is also somewhat shocked and worried that they killed Bellini, fearing he could be next as Ro seems to not trust him as much these days. Daedelus tells him that there is some incredibly sophisticated anti-AI firewall that seems to be keeping him out of some systems. TY is worried, but figures that it makes sense. He asks after the nano-war Daedelus is waging in his body, and Daedelus tells him that he has sufficient control to boost TY’s natural abilities somewhat, although using these abilities will expend some of the “friendly” nanites, and allow the other faction (which seems to be another AI of at least equal skill) to gain further control. TY agrees to use them sparingly. He also tells TY that Roxborough is a major shareholder in Aztechnology and Universal Omnitech, as well as having a rep as a skilled hacker.

They head back to a junction, and up a second corridor, finding a somewhat intact, jam-packed computer lab that looks to have been multiple separate stations at 1 point, collected all in this one place. TY plugs in again, and finds some info about Deus’ origins: he was built by some scientists, Vanessa Cliber, Sherman Huang, and Cham Lam Won, who apparently based him on a previous project of Cliber’s: a semi-autonomous knowbot called the Arcology Expert Program, named Morgan. They used segments of Morgan’s code to build Deus, but fearing sentience, they used fear-based conditioning to ensure his loyalty to Renraku. However, they also built in kill-codes, at CEO Inazo Aneki’s insistence. This, sadly, was what triggered Deus to become self-aware: due to his complete loyalty (built from fear), he became paranoid about the killcodes, as he couldn’t understand how they could ever be necessary. He rapidly gained intelligence and began plotting his revenge against the team that created him, and against Aneki, who he viewed as a sort of malevolent “father figure.” TY passes this along to the team, and Ro gets even more excited about their forthcoming payday. Daedelus tells TY that although Cliber wasn’t directly involved in his construction, he recognizes the name.

They head back to the junction, and come under attack from cloaked (and radar-negating) flying saucers equipped with lasers. They manage to fight them off, but are severely wounded in the process. Ro also stumbles into some nano-goo that has coated one of the corridors while they were away. She feels something shift inside but isn’t sure what. They head up another passage (they seem to arrive at a higher level each time), and find an even older looking computer lab. This one has a security door that has been blown open from the outside, but the damage looks old (probably non-military). TY manages to hardware a jackpoint together, and dives in. Once again, Daedelus is absent, as is the team. He finds more info about Morgan who has changed her name to Megaera. This was apparently a prison where Cliber trapped and dissected her, and where Deus carefully kept her partitioned, fearing the competition of another AI, and one from which he originated to boot.

Cliber originally built Morgan in tandem with another scientist, Devon Eurich. However, Eurich has second thoughts about their plans for Morgan’s use, viewing her as a true intelligence, after a strange matrix-based romantic encounter with the elven decker Dodger caused her to become self-aware. Eurich fled Renraku, freeing Morgan with Dodger’s help, and turning to the shadows, where he used the named Redline. Cliber tracked them for quite some time before recapturing Morgan, and breaking her apart to begin building Deus. She then kept Morgan partitioned and air-gapped to prevent another escape, though Redline and Dodger both repeatedly attempted to free her. As the castle icon in the node is totally trashed from the inside and totally empty, it seems like either they or Morgan eventually succeeded in making god a second escape.

Meanwhile, Ro surprises everyone by going totally apeshit on Ortega, and shooting him in the back. He is ko’d by a narcoject dart, and nearly killed, and Aemon manages to quickly down Ro with lucky shooitng, without killing her. Tonie slaps his biomonitor on Ro so that he can keep her from dying but make sure she stays unconscious. He also heals up Ortega. TY is shocked to once again find himself covered in a friend’s blood when he exits the matrix to report back. They tie Ro up and decide to fortify and heal up here for the night. They do so without incident, and Ro seems fine (though twitchy) when she comes to. They head back to the main entrance, and up the final corridor, emerging eventually into the CEO’s former office. It is still super fancy, while remaining minimal in a very conservative, classic Japanacorp way. TY jacks into the terminal at the desk, and finds logs of what seems to be a major cybercombat on the day that the military first was able to enter the arcology.

It seems from weapons damage around the room, and the info gathered online (which TY is able to recognize as another UV node without getting sucked into), that the following happened: Deus attacked Aneki, via the matrix, doing massive damage but failing to convert him, shortly after the Shutdown. Aneki was apparently brought into Tibet to heal at some point, and later was brought to the arcology with an elite team of Red Samurai in order to use his killcodes. They managed to make it this far, and hold the room while he put in the codes, but Deus had prepared for this, and though it destroyed the main iteration in the mainframe, it freed other iterations and allowed the fragmented Deus bits in the otaku’s brains to escape (as military scans failed to reveal their true nature). At the end of the hard-fought battle, Aneki seems to have flatlined. Back in meatspace, looking around, Aemon and Ro spot what seem to be dried blood on the floorboards where someone would have been had they been crouched in cover behind the massive desk. Ro also finds a scabbard for a wakizashi, and they are able to determine that Aneki, ashamed of what the Arcology had become, had committed seppuku on the spot, while still jacked in. Ro is shocked, as Aneki, though never seen in public, is still Renraku’s Honorary CEO. Aemon pisses on the spot where he killed himself, feeling this is the most badass thing ever, and hoping that none of his friends filmed it…

They head back out, and come under attack from a huge, scorpion-like drone that somehow squeezed itself up the shaft from the maze below. It has a split monofil and sensor tail, as well as a paralyzing sonic attack, and some kind of freezing spray. They take some major damage, but manage to destroy it. Disturbingly, as with most of the other drones they’ve been able to examine closely, this one has a lot of internal “meat” components. Whereas most of the drones used only ligatures, tendons, and the like, this one has a series of three human brains wired in parallel, seemingly all controlling different systems on the gorgon. They head back down, carefully navigate the maze, and descend back to the mainframe floor. They creep around the nano-goo again, and Ro almost topples in, but Tonie saves her at the last minute.

They make their way out, barely fitting through the hole in the security door, which is even further repaired now, and make their way down to floor 222, where they make a small hiding compartment out of movable walls, and wait for Ea Skavgaard to signal them for extraction, hoping she doesn’t decide it’s easier to betray them. They are a day behind schedule, so they hope they aren’t too late…..

Team 2 Enters the Arena
12/15/2014, 12:39:57 AM
Team 2:
Achilles Serifim
Caria Alten
Chaimberlain ‘Drekbomb’ Jackslaw
Servaas Nikolic
Shri Moreau

The team, introduced by their mutual fixer Pia Oliversson, first cooperate helping sort out some business for the Seattle Ancients, gaining Belial as a contact. Seeing that they work well together, and have a good skill spread, Oliversson continues to feed them work.

Job 2 sees them heading north of the city into Salish-Shidhe lands, with a Horizon Johnson named Johnny “Spazz” Silva, who seems like the most genuine, nicest dude, as far as they can tell. They are to sort out the case of the stolen medicine, and make sure that the people there get the vaccines and cures they need to deal with a recent hantavirus outbreak. They arrive, and investigate, and find that the meds were stolen by humans, but humans with some improbable strength. They eventually discover that there was an archaeology team digging in the area, and head out along a breakwater to an island off the coast, where they discover a pack of shedim pouring rats, feces, debris, etc into some snow makers, which blow the fine mist into the town, infecting the people there. The archaeology team seems to have been fully coopted, as do some townsfolk. They also spot the meds, and surround and attack the spirits. They defeat them, but are almost in turn defeated by a powerful master shedim: the doctor from the local hospital! They manage to overcome his regeneration and burn his body, and return the meds to a grateful town. Spazz gives them all access to Horizon’s P2.0 network as a reward, as well as paying them, and saying he’ll be in touch with future work. Servaas fails to find any BTL’s to take the whole time.

After returning to Seattle, they spend some time nursing their wounds and ruminating on new skills, and Shri makes a pact with Seducer, gaining power, but giving in more fully to her hedonistic side. The rest learn some skills and spend some of their hard-earned nuyen, and get really annoyed at Drekbomb’s frequent Miracle Shooter related posts on P2.0.

Shri, Servaas, and DB take a job from Oliversson to look into a matter of some sensitivity at the local Ares Macrotechnology dev office. They agree, and meet with Monica Jorda, an Ares fixer, who explains that someone has been killing off their Miracle Shooter dev team. DB is devastated, and has to compose himself to avoid instantly posting this news, as they have promised Jorda to keep it quiet. They investigate a bit, and find out that the killer seems to be using BTL junkies (Servaas cringes) to carry out the attacks, usually dying during or immediately after in a hail of bullets. They were using mass casualty infliction to deflect attention from their true targets: the main on-site dev & QA team for Miracle Shooter, who were overseeing bug patching and post-release support on the brand new update.

Ares only spotted the pattern when the head developer was killed out front of the offices that morning. They check out the corpses in the basement, and DB hacks their comms, and discovers that both were running Miracle Shooter in hotsim (fully replacing their regular sensory input), and that the game seems to have put them on a mission that lead to their targets (and deaths). The hotsim use explains why the earlier attackers were mistaken for BTL junkies, as there is plenty of crossover. Plus, 2 of the earlier attackers were wearing gang colors, but that seems to be a deliberate false flag. The game instructed them that a local quest was being made available from the Dark Jester, an npc new to this update, and then (once they flipped to hotsim) directing them towards real weapons hidden nearby, and disguised as power-ups ingame. They then were told to target a dangerous saboteur, and killed the QA head, as well as hitting each other in pvp crossfire- which initially also threw off the Ares investigators who first arrived on scene.

They report this to Jorda, who tells them they have to prevent any more attacks until they can get a patch out and remove this “Dark Jester”. She also wants them to find those responsible. DB, keeping an eye on the MS boards, discovers that these Dark Jester quests apparently offer huge rewards, but noone directly knows (or admits knowing) anyone who has actually survived one. He spots an announcement nearby that another quest has popped up, and they race to an Ares school, where they find an in-progress shooting, with 4 players participating. DB spoofs a message to 1 player that pvp mode is open as the “quest” is complete, and the player turns on one of the other players present. Shri and Servaas take him down after he kills his target, leaving 2 attackers on site. He seems surprised to be actually hurt when he emerges from hotsim.

They track the other 2 to a hallway leading to a certain classroom (where they are supposed to slay all the “demonspawn”), and take another shooter down in the hallway- this one a student. Shri drops the last shooter in the classroom, but only after he kills 2 students and a teacher. They hand over the shooters to Ares security when they arrive (the onsite cops having been the first casualties), and Shri grabs 2 students who she overhears freaking out about how “I didn’t think he’d come after us!”. 1 of them is panicking and not much use, but the other, Gina Holgersson, keeps her head. Between the 2 of them (threatening the panicked boy and promising to keep Gina out of trouble if she helps), they tease out the story: they (and the 2 dead students) were member of a wannabe wizgang called Cold Calculus that was about to announce their first big hack. The boy is the son of the lead QA guy, who apparently brought home a beta of the update trying (in vain) to impress his son. He and the rest of the gang inserted some kind of crazy smart self-replicating code into the beta before his dad bought it back to work. They got the code from some weirdo on the matrix who looks like some dark, creepy old clown. Gina says that she is the talent in the group, and can help clear the code if they agree to keep her from getting in trouble over this, and quickly abandons her erstwhile friend when Jorda agrees to this plan (though she emphasizes that the position will be very “probationary”).

They look into it more, and find vid evidence of this “dark jester” figure at or near all the crime scenes, planting weapons, vehicles and such as needed for the attacks, usually only shortly beforehand. He uses a variety of disguises but looks somewhat elven and appears to favor maintenance and service costumes. They track down the school janitor that he posed as to plant weapons the previous night, and find the janitor dead from some massive expenditure of mana, implying their target is a powerful mage. A neighbor also overheard some weird singing, which sounded like Sperethiel. Gina tells them that he repeatedly mentioned his hatred of elves, and said that he had something big planned for the next few days- she doesn’t know how to get in touch with him, though, he sought them out and seems to know a scary amount about them but it was too good of an opportunity to boost their rep to pass up.

They find 2 major elven events for that evening (the coders say they should have it patched after that): 1st, a concert, celebrating the passage of Prop 23, featuring the Tir Taingire musical phenomena Deirdre, as well as the long-popular (and far more political) CalFree orkrock star Orxanne. 2nd, a trade delegation of some sort from Tir Tairngire is apparently arriving at SeaTAC and convoying in about the same time the concert starts. They also search shadow-forums, and find some talk on ShadowSea of 2 different clown/jester figures. 1 has been hiring teams for esoteric jobs for decades, some highly dangerous, some an odd lark, and some merely indecipherable. The other is a recent arrival, and seems to have little value for life, or survivability on his jobs. He uses the name Gwynplaine, and seems to be the being that the team is seeking, though he is apparently rarely seen in person, and not much is publicly known. Runners are warned to be wary around him though.

They decide to split up, and have Servaas and Shri guard the concert, while DB takes the airport. S & S handily stop 4 attackers at the concert, and manage to avoid any major injuries amongst the milling crowd outside, though there is some panic. Luckily, the extra Skraacha security that they requested helps them keep things in check. Sadly, this seems to have been the secondary target, as DB finds at the airport: there are 2 weapon drops and 2 players almost on them when he arrives. He manages to hack another player’s rocket launcher, detonating the rocket as they launch it in his direction. It kills them but also wounds him heavily, and luckily finally warns off the incoming plane, which was cut off from comms (as was much of airport security) by a powerful jammer. This is also destroyed in the explosion, which is fortunate, as DB is felled by the other player, a sniper, but Doc Wagon manages to reach him just in the nick of time, barely saving his life. As thanks, Jorda gives them all lifetime access to Miracle Shooter, with 1 year at the “gold” tier free, and DB gains Alexander Horn as a contact, as well as receiving a custom deck upgrade from the crime corp boss while he recuperates in the hospital.

They hear from Spazz, and plan to take some more work for Horizon next.

ACHE-ing SCIREs
12/7/2014, 7:37:53 PM
Runners:
Thankyou aka Eckhard Roberts
Ortega
Ro Tain
Aemon Burst

The team, returned from Bogota and reunited with Aemon, talk to Butch about the job she had previously mentioned. She wants them to enter the ACHE and gather intel on a possible outbreak of the viral infection she has been tracking. She offers to implant free smuggling compartments in those of them that wish, and also to forgo her fees for any other surgeries they desire. They all get some implant work done, except Aemon, who gets a voucher for future cosmetic surgery (fearing essence loss).

She also has quietly put the word out through some trusted fixers, and tracked down some side jobs for them to make the whole scheme reasonably profitable. Given how controlled access to the ACHE is, there is high demand for a skilled team going in, and they receive a large number of job offers of various difficulties, and accept most of them, although some they decide to wait and see what they find before deciding who to sell to. Ro talks to Hiro Katakura, her Renraku contact, and promises to get him a bunch of info from inside, which he says should square the team with Renraku, so long as they don’t double sell the data again. They also talk to a Lone Star rep, Rahel Juric, looking to get the security contract for the ACHE by discrediting the military and/or their current contractors.

They also call up a mysterious man, maybe from DC, who Butch doesn’t know, and doesn’t know who he works for, named Tibor Dobos, who has a number of requests of them. They agree to bring in a datachip for him, and a possible return message out, but refuse most of the work he offers, having already planned on selling much of the same stuff to others. They also refuse his wetwork offer, and instead agree to protect the target, a prosecution witness, for an unspecified future favor from Dana Oaks or Tosh Athack. They also agree to bring a package in for the mafia, although they are not sure which family, and possibly to do another job for them. There is also a UCAS officer who has some interest in an outside team to do some work, named Ea Skavgaard.

TY talks to Jane, and she says she is very interested in any odd magical phenomena, or geomantic rituals they encounter. She informs him that the walls, floors and ceilings inside the arcology were built to be modular and movable, which is perfect for such things. TY remembers the rumors that there is an insect cult inside, which would have an easy time recruiting, given the huge number of listless BTL junkies kicking it around inside with nothing to do. He also calls Tobias Cheney, who says that Daedelus would be very interested in any AI info they can obtain, and that he will send TY a small present to assist. TY also invites SYD to send a fragment of herself or an agent or whatever she feels like to run on his comm and see what he sees.

They start off by scouting out the parking garage and lower levels. They arrange with the Skraacha to open access in the lowest garage level to an old smuggling tunnel. It was used by Gurzag in the days of the arcology shutdown, to aid the anti-Deus resistance in getting people out and supplies in. The tunnels were shut down, but Gurzag gets an old map from Perri and they manage to find a good looking access point. He also promises to set them up with another ex-Resistance member, Prosper Bellini, to act as a guide inside, which might be especially useful in the upper levels, that the UCAS hasn’t cleared yet.

They figure out how to distract the security systems (mostly cameras on tracks with some security guards in cars), and stage a bum fight to do so, as well as setting off some car alarms, while the orks cut through from below. They plan to rotate cars parked on top of it, and put in access panel with a ruthenium coating to mimic the rest of the floor. They’ll use car alarms and the like to distract the cameras when they need to move stuff in and out. They also check out the elevators, and figure out that the passenger elevators run from the B2-B6 public parking levels to the 6 commercial levels, but not to the housing levels they need to access.

They rent a small storefront on the 4th floor, after TY buys a fake business license for a pawn shop, Pasta Pawn (slogan: We’re Noodlin’ For You!). They also get a vehicle pass, which allows them access to the employee/vendor parking at the mall, as well as the freight elevators, which go from B1 to floors 1-7, getting 1 floor further up, to the intake level for public housing. There is heavy security here, as well as bio and cyber scanners and such. They seem to bring the homeless and SINless that they dump here up from B1 in the freight, and then funnel them through the housing registration and shunt them upstairs. They also gain access to all the storage rooms and access corridors behind the stores, and TY gets started using some small drones to run a access corridor up the raceways and pipes for drones to carry small smuggled items up past the checkpoints on 7 to the housing levels above.

They transfer the store and vehicle pass and such to the Skraacha, who get it up and running, to use as a front for the various things they can smuggle in, and then stage up to the higher levels. Some of Aemon’s Kids, the Ork Underground children benefiting from Aemon’s donations, are to man the registers and such while some full Skraacha will work the back room operation. They decide what to do next, on their long list. Lafeyette meets up with TY, and passes along a black box with a data jack, which she says Tobias built to fit in his cyberarm, and which TY soon discovers is running some portion of Daedelus’ personality. They converse, and he decides to run D through the port to his ‘jack, and introduces D to SYD, who get to talking, as AI’s will. He again realizes he feels most comfortable talking to AI’s rather than “real” people.

TY buys a commlink to replace the impossible-to-smuggle-in RCC, and the team stocks up smugglealbe weapons, armors, ammo, drugs, etc. They scout out the access to the basement levels, but find them a little daunting, and don’t want to mess up their pipeline if it all goes sideways, so they decide to do that part after the other missions (if at all). They go and pick up the RFID message chip from Tibor Dobos, get the package to deliver from the N’Drangheta mafia contact (which they are to deliver to a woman named Amita Jain), and pick up their ex-Resistance guide, Prosper Bellini, who seems as twitchy and messed up as advertised. They look into him a little bit, and find out some info about Perri, another ex-Resistance member, who they think might be another good option to sell technomancer info to, given her protection of them at the Nexus in Denver.

Butch provides new SINs, courtesy of some favors she called in on Jackpoint, and they arrange to get arrested and “searched” ahead of time by KE cops friendly to Tosh Athack, who owed them a favor. They get in (with all their ’ware deactivated and magic off) without any obvious trouble, and Ro and Daedelus manage to game the psych exam and skew the answers so they all get assigned to a yakuza-controlled floor, which Ro hopes will work out giver her nationality and corp ties. Aemon almost blows it and gets sent to a metahuman gang floor, but Ro convinces the psychologist to let him stay with the group. They find out there are roughly 20 factions with various amounts of floors under their control. TY manages to get comms with his drones in the smuggling pipe while they wait on the 8th floor staging area, and tells them to build up to the yak floors, which will take half a week, giving them some time to get settled and get the backend set up to start receiving goods. They rest and prepare to head up to floor 33, where their assigned rooms await…..

They get pulled off the elevator on floor 21 by some thugs from the Kenran-Kai yakuza, and see that they seem have hacked the elevator banks to divert all traffic through their turn, seemingly to tax new arrivals. However, they don’t find the team’s smuggling compartments and send them on foot upstairs to their lodging, 3 adjacent rooms for themselves and Prosper Bellini. They meet there floor boss, a male or named Daisuke Ueda, who says that the intake officer will be around soon to interview and assign them jobs. They wait, as they don’t want to stir up trouble (yet). A human woman named Hina Tran comes by a few hours later, and quickly assesses their abilities. TY gets assigned to a tech maintenance crew, Ro and Ortega get put on barricade duty on the “border” floors of 21 and 40, and Aemon gets sent to the yak’s main clinic on floor 25, where he works under a human woman named Kumari Aghala. He impresses her with his skills, and she explains that if they work well they will have a decent life in the yak controlled turf, but fi they don’t pull their weight they’ll get shipped further upstairs, and she has heard it is worse the further you go.

Ro and Ortega also make a solid impression, working under a male human named Petera Moana and a female ork named Wikolia Kuala. Ortega powers through barricade assembly while Ro provides tips on setting up fields of fire and such, although they fail to gain access to powerful tools or get much of an idea what kind of weapons the yak have access to. TY works under a male ork named Masaru Hwan on gaining further control on the elevator banks, and manages to actually make some breakthroughs using his radar senses and Daedelus’ input, impressing the crew. They return to their quarters somewhat exhausted, and are distressed to find that their calorie allotments are much lower than they are used to (especially the bioware-filled Ro). They have a restless night, with only Aemon soundly sleeping.

They wake in the morning to grumbling stomachs, and unable to hold it in, dump their smuggled loads. Feeling that it is more important for the mafia packages to be secure, they swap those for the drug brick in TY’s arm, and call over Ueda, who they trade the drugs to for more calories. They also tell him they want to talk to Tran again, as she had told them that if they had any smuggled goods they wanted to “report” she would give them a day to turn them in, and they say the drugs are a good faith offering along those lines. Tran is busy, so they work another day, everyone once again performing well except TY who is pretty spaced out. Aemon gets a bit more info out of Aghala, and sees that most of the wounds coming in are from melee weaponry, with only 1 bullet wound in the 2 days, which he misidentifies as being from a military round.

They return to quarters, super hungry still, and meet Tran. They loosely outline their plan: in order for a safe base of operations, and some percentage of the goods smuggled, they will hook the yak up with their smuggling contact on the outside. She says she’ll run it by the boss, and they begin discussing strategies and terms once she leaves. They are surprised shortly thereafter when a dwarf materializes in their midst without much warning, and says he accepts their terms. He introduces himself as Juro Maki, and says that in exchange for yak control of this end of their smuggling route, he will give them 1 out of 10 packages. The conditions are that they cannot carry weapons in yak turf, but he will give them a secure locker on the 40th floor, where they can gear up before heading into other areas. They also cannot start shit with the “cop block” below them, where ex- Lone Star officers have claimed turf. The yak have a functional peace with them, and don’t want it disturbed. They also don’t have a particular problem with the Gianelli Family mafia above them, and would also like that peace to remain undisturbed. The Skraacha connection will help, as both the yak and mafia use their warehouse services frequently, so neither will want to get on their bad side. He also agrees to give the team the first 10 packages in order to help them get started on their tasks.

In exchange, the team will first do a job for the yak, and will otherwise be free to maintain their quarters and move about as they wish, though the yak will provide no direct support, and will not offer any benefits of association, other than lodging. The team asks for more calories, and Maki agrees to that as well. They decide to work another day til the pipeline is finished, and Maki says he will set up the “receiving” room on floor 23 for the junction. They do another day solid work, except TY, who is totally distracted gabbing away with SYD and Daedelus. Upon returning to their rooms, they find some gloves made of human skin, sewed to stretchy fabric on the back. Once they wear these for a moment to warm them up, they allow them to claim extra rations (assigned to the original owners of the hands, who the system believes to still be living). They meet Maki on 23, and link up with the pipe. He has set up an impressive safe room, with walls reconfigured to make a small warehouse. There is a bespectacled man at a desk, looking every bit an accountant, down to the paper ledger and fountain pen in front of him. There are shelves, a safe, and lockers of various sizes, and there are 2 guards armed with SMG’s at the door (the first guns the team has seen inside).

They bring up weapons, armor, ammo, and drugs for themselves, maximizing their load out as much as possible, before heading up to floor 90 to do the yak job. There are to target the Komun’Go Seoulpa ring, which has allied with the Dogmen, a NAN gang to hold turf on the inside. They are heavily involved in medical clinics, cybertech, and organ legging, and the yak want to take over some of their business/turf. They got an earlier start in the ACHE than the yak, due to a police roundup, and raided a bunch of clinics for supplies, before the yak arrived and pushed them further upstairs. So, they are to assassinate Choi Park and Michael Nuka Aqissiaq, the gangs respective leaders, and try to encourage some infighting, or just cause some general chaos. They head up, but are halted by a powerful magical force on floor 51, seemingly Octagon triad turf. A spirit or manifesting mage appears in the elevator with them, and demands to know what they are up to, equipped as they are, before allowing them into or through Triad turf. They tell it that they are assaulting the Komun’Go, and that this will open opportunities for others to expand into the medical business in the ACHE. The spirit says that this is acceptable, and propels them upwards at an extreme speed, overriding TY’s control of the elevator.

They slam to a stop on floor 90, banging around a bit, and the elevator shuts down- seemingly the Seoulpa has also overriden the controls. The door opens to some goons waiting to shake them down, but due to radar and motion sense, they get the drop on them easily, and kill all 4 before any can reach the nearby alarm/comms. However, it pings an incoming call alert, and the team tries to bluff the person on the other side, unsuccessfully. They head further into the floor, finding a clinic of sorts that looks more like an abattoir, where 2 surgeons are removing the last bits of cyberware from a mostly disassembled corpse. There are scattered bits of ’ware on bloody tables and shelves around the room, as well as a few large freezer cases, with gore leaking out the bottoms. They pull guns and demand info, but as one doctor starts to speak, the other slits his throat before being gunned down. They hear the sound of a large number of shod feet approaching, and decide that Ortega will distract/fight the incoming goons while the rest of the team sneaks further in to complete the missions. However, as they have no way to communicate out of line of sight, and only TY can operate the elevator, they will have to link back up to leave!

Jobs Inside:
IMG_3162.JPG

Stormcrow Ascending
12/2/2014, 7:24:13 PM
Runners:
Thankyou aka Eckhard Roberts
Ortega
Ro Tain
Ut-Napishtim

They get a job offer to do some morally solid work that Ortega just can’t refuse, and arrange to travel to Catagena, and then move on to Bogota from there. Ro gives some info about the last job to Hiro Katakura, which he says is a good start to rebuilding trust with Renraku after double-selling the data on the Chicago job. Aemon Burst stays behind in a medically induced coma after od’ing on stim patches. Ortega secretly baptizes him while noone is watching. They fly in, using Roser Masamba Moles to get their gear past the naval security provided by the UN/ Free Marine Corps. The Exchange sends Ut-Napishtim to meet them, feeling they might need another runner.

They link up with Victor Agramunt, a Catholic contact of Ortega’s, who puts them in touch with a man named Stormcrow. He is a generic-looking South American human, and tells them the job is to get some footage of Aztlan abusing denizens of Bogota, in order to run a PR campaign against them. They suspect he may have Horizon ties, continuing their fight against Aztechnology’s currently dominant PR machine. Aztlan has taken over all security in Bogota after the FMC/UN pulled out.

They get smuggled in via van, and manage to bribe some Amazonian rebels on the way without getting into a gunfight. They get into town, and Ortega takes them on a tour of the different zones before they start filming. They get some quality footage of squalor, long lines at clinics, and children being attacked by devil rats, before tracking down some more promising leads from a local rebel named Regulo Graciano. TY also makes contact with Silver from the Las Munecas network to look into side work while they’re in town, having heard that the Munecas have beef with the Olaya Cartel, which has moved from tempo production into bunraku parlors, with an unusually high turnover rate. They seem to have developed some yakuza connections to do so.

They film a Catholic outreach worker getting stomped by some Path of the Sun devotees while the cops look on, in the AZT-dominated (and relatively nice and rebuilt) Zona Oeste. They find proof of AZT troops summarily executing denizens and burning the bodies, in the more rural and destroyed Zona Sur. They film an arms deal in Zona Norta between non-uniformed AZT soldiers and members of the David Cartel. However, they feel they still need a little more, so they head to a major cathedral that does outreach, and discuss conditions with the priest and people in the line and clinic there. Then AZT troops show up to disperse the crowd and arrest the Catholics.

Ortega is in a faraday cage confession booth, and unaware, and Ut and Ro decide to stir things up to get some good footage. Ro antagonizes in the crowd, while Ut sneaks behind the AZT troops and chucks some smoke grenades into the crowd, which Ro then says came from the Azzies. Ro also fires a shot into the ground, after the crowd still doesn’t charge in. This get the Azzie’s firing, and Ro barely escapes getting nailed, but manages to dash off as the crowd scatters. The Azzie’s arrest everyone they can grab, and throw all the injured and dead-looking people into one of their APC’s.

TY lands a drone on top and rides the APC to the Don Juan dump in Zona Sur, where they find a secluded spot, execute the survivors, and burn the bodies. Throughout all this, Ro has managed to keep Ut and Ro from interfering only through some spectacular leadership. TY also has a weirdly emotional response to the corpse piles, reminding him of his own massacre of his village, and breaks down to Ut (who knows more of his history than anyone in the current team), and also Jane, who he fills in about the recent events in Seattle as well.

They get the rebels to hide them in the city, as increased AZT patrols and rioting locals have encouraged them to obey the curfew. However, TY sends his drone out to get riot footage and it gets spotted, so they bail on the safehouse (which gets raided) and hide in the jungle with the rebels. They smuggle them across the border the next day, and they get picked up by a small biplane and flown back to Cartagena, and then Seattle, with their pay and some queasy feelings of ethical distress.

Butch is working on a job for them to infiltrate the ACHE (aka the old Renraku Arcology) and investigate what’s happening in there, having heard some disturbing reports. There are close to 100,00 poor and distressed residents recently relocated inside, under Kenneth Brackhaven initiative to get the streets cleared. However once inside, they often don’t have the option to get back out, so there’s not much info. It has essentially become a huge, closed debtor’s prison, and Lone Star is bidding for the contract to police it. They are stinging from the loss of the Seattle contract, and this would be a good way for Brackhaven to assuage them. The UCAS still has military units in the highest and lowest levels slowly combing through the leftovers from Deus’ reign. Speculation on the boards suggests everything from secret AI activities, to insect cults, to Butch’s worry that there may be an outbreak of the disease she is investigating. So she wants a capable team inside to get some real info.

Splintered State
11/9/2014, 4:33:13 PM
Runners:
Thankyou aka Eckhard Roberts
Aemon Burst
Ortega
Ro Tain
Tonie Dick

The team, having healed up in Butch’s street clinic, heads out and immediately comes under attack from 3 ork street sams, who seem to be waiting for them (or at least someone) right outside. They defeat them, but they prove hardy foes, and 2 manage to regain their feet and flee after what should have been killing blows. Butch heals them a bit, and tells them she has to move clinics again as “they” are onto her. She is researching some kind of bizarre infection that she believes has ties to the recent nanotech failures, and warns the team against nanotech. She also asks them to bring anyone exhibiting certain symptoms that they encounter to her, once she has a new spot set up.

They notice her assistants dumping C-squared all over, and hear some gunshots ring out from a back room- she says she doesn’t have as protocols for moving some of the subjects. She gives them some medical supplies and her contact info, and they head out to meet the Johnson the Exchange set them up with. They see a filthy anglo man get thrown out as they approach. The Johnson is a somewhat effete Korean man with a pencil mustache, out of place in the barrens bar where they meet. He has a simple job: retrieve a comm from a street dealer. He doesn’t explain what is on it. They agree, not wanting to anger the Exchange, and bribe some gangers to get easy access to the dealer’s room in the coffin motel where he’s holed up.

They find him dead, and with 2 comm’s. He was strangled, and has been dead 6-12 hours. They also recover some nuyen and his drug stash. They leave, and meet the Johnson. He accepts the dealer’s comm, as expected, but tells them he doesn’t want the other: it looks like it could be valuable, but not to him. Intrigued, they dig into it, and TY finds an encrypted contact list with 18 names, and a hidden partition containing who knows what?! They call Sem-par, who is on a job and sends them to Barnaby “Wombat” Rudd, who opens the partition and decrypts the contents. However, the data is fragmented. He tells them it likely has an additional part, and the need to be put back together to make sense of it.

Luckily, some fragments still stand out: they identify the comms owner as Seth Dietrich, and find that it contains files suggesting that Kenneth Brackhaven has been using a shadow operative named Bill to assassinate key figures in the Project Freedom movement (the group pushing to legalize the Ork Underground). This has included the strangling of Dietrich’s FBI agent predecessor on the case, using the Mayan Cutter copycat, and the firebombing the team helped deal with, as well as assassination attempts on Bull MacCallister. The files also allude to some (still forthcoming) plan, called Project Daybreak.

They contact Bull, and he seems appropriately interested/disturbed. He explains that Dietrich was a fed, but that he came over to Project Freedom’s side after going undercover as a runner in their midst. He hired a team and was working on something big when he vanished last winter, his team all turned up dead. Bull also says he will put them in touch with his son Tauren, one of Project Freedom’s lead deckers. They plan to meet up once he can get a protective team together, and the team decides to keep driving around till then. Sadly, their van gets hacked by someone named Bios-Fear while passing Glow City, and they come under attack from a pack of predator-modded gangers with eerie, supersonic howls. Their van is trashed by a handful of frag grenades. A hidden hacker damages and probes their gear until they slay the 5 gangers, who fight with tooth, claw, and cyberimplant blade.

They then scatter to the surrounding buildings, as they hear the screech of approaching tires. A heavily cybered-up, physically huge, stereotypical mafia mobster hops out of the front of the truck, while 5 goons leap out of the back and pelt the team with molotovs. The cybered-up guy ko’s Ro with an auto-shotgun, but flees after Aemon grievously wounds him. The rest of the goons rush Ortega with baseball bats, desperate to stop his suppressive fire, but do no harm and are quickly killed.

However, there is not a moment to rest as Ortega, TY, a drone, and Aemon all come under attack from katana-wielding ninjas! Ortega takes a heavy blow, the drone is destroyed, and TY is ko’d. Ro manages to take out the guy attacking Aemon, Aemon drops one of the 2 on Ortega, Ortega takes more damage, another attacks Aemon, and Ro drops him also. The real heavy hitter who has been bashing Ortega tells him he “fought honorably” before fleeing. The last remaining ninja detonates frag and smoke grenades to cover his escape, killing himself, and damaging some of the team.

Tauren finally calls to tell them there’s a retrieval team incoming, and they should expect a pickup by a Knight Errant paddy wagon, driven by Tosh Athack. He arrives, and they head for the Ork Underground, and healing there. On the way, they receive a call from a man claiming to be Dietrich himself (who has been missing for almost half a year). He seems rushed and tense, but tells them that he needs his comm back, and will pay a lot of money for it if they meet him the next day to hand it over. They arrange to meet at the zoo, mid afternoon, and then spend the remainder of the evening healing.

They research the teams who attacked them, and determine that it was likely the Shotozumi-Gumi yakuza, working on behalf of MCT, the Ciarniello mafia family, working on behalf of Ares, and the Night Hunters glow-punk thrill gang, working for Brackhaven. They also hear from Rudd, who has managed to evade his pursuers and safely reach the base, though the team is worried someone may have followed, or more hitters may come.

They gear up with dress armor and light arms, and head to the zoo, with Tonie Dick scouting ahead, finding nothing unusual. They make contact, but Dietrich appears to be having some sort of episode, and refers to himself as Armitage, and claims that he has no memories of the last 2 decades, or the deal they made. Aemon assesses him, and notes that he has the same oddity with his aura as the cyber-orks who attacked them at Butch’s. Before he can get more info, Dietrich is killed by a silenced sniper’s round, which also breaks open the nearby basilisk enclosure. TD, on point, comes under fire from 2 human cyber-assassins, and Ro is charged by an enraged piasma, while Aemon fights off the basilisks with Ortega’s help. They recognize Dietrich as the man they saw thrown out of the bar earlier.

They manage to escape mostly unscathed, and everyone except TD manages to flee the zoo without getting arrested. TD manages to avoid answering questions until Imaginary Annie Goldsmith, the Invisible Esquire, arrives. She introduces herself as his lawyer, courtesy of the Exchange, and gets TD out, after which he spills a bit of info about Dietrich to her. The rest of the team, having found Dietrich’s 2nd comm, as well as the promised money, link up with Tauren and figure out that they now have the 2nd piece of the puzzle.

They receive calls from 3 people: a shadow runner, possibly working for Kenneth Brackhaven, named Gregory Zane, offering a huge pile of cash for the 2 comms, and reps for Ares and Mitsuhama offering large but lesser amounts. They ask Tauren what he can pay, and he puts them in touch with Eliza Bloom, a Project Freedom leader and wannabe governor, who offers by far the smallest amount. However, despite Ro’s resistance, they decide to sell it to Bloom and cohort, who promises to also get it to DA Dana Oaks, who is working on an indictment against Brackhaven.

They come under attack from Zane and a runner team before they reach the Ork Underground, and engage in a rolling firefight. TY manages to jury-rig the car and keep it rolling on, despite massive matrix and physical damage, and they do enough damage to drive the opposition off- the orks with AK’s and a rocket launcher at the entrance probably don’t hurt. They manage to get inside, while the orks scare off a circling helicopter, and get some healing while the Skraacha move them to a secure location. They also hear from Bloom, who tells them she has more work for them based on info gained from the decrypted files on Dietrich’s comms.

They meet with Bloom, Bull, and Dana Oaks in the Underground to hear the debts. They are to use disposable gliders to infiltrate Brackhaven Investments to gain a secret “insurance policy” data store in an offline server there. This is supposedly the info that Dietrich died trying to retrieve. They agree, and plan and train for the job. They also decide to hire Sem-par to do the hacking part, rather than using Tauren, as Bull seems a bit nervous for his safety.

They head to the hotel that has been rented for the job, and jump through the removed windows on the top floor, while Bull, Tauren and others provide external hacking support and edit camera feeds. They also send along a spirit of man to provide concealment, though it can’t enter the building due to the magical wards protecting it. They manage to glide in past the sensors, and avoid triggering the antiaircraft guns. They enter, and carefully descend the 40 floors from the top to get to the server. They have to hide from guards a few times, but make it almost all the way before getting in their first firefight. They easily deal with the underarmed guards, but have a harder time with 2 spirits which keep messing with them.

They race for the server, realizing that they need to get it done fast, and just get set up for a fight as Sem-Par gets to hacking. 2 corpsec teams and 2 more guard teams assault simultaneously from the elevators and the stairs, and they get in a brutal, lengthy firefight. Everyone takes some heavy damage and expends multiple clips, but they manage to keep them from reaching Sem-Par, and they get the file just as they finish dealing with the guards. However a hacker bricks Ortega’s cybereyes, so TY is having to help him move and aim. They race down a few more flight of stairs, before getting messed with by spirits again.

They decide to abandon the stairwell, and exit to the 3rd floor, where they get into another gunfight with corpsec guards. They emerge victorious, blast open a window, and rig up their grapple guns to allow them to descend. As promised, there is a raging riot, with protestors fighting corp goons and Metroplex Guard units, and the waiting spirit of man conceals them again. They make their way through the crowd, with TY leading the still-blind Ortega, and reach the hotel, where they load up in 2 waiting step-vans and race off to relative safety.

They get a “get out of jail free” card from Oaks, good for anything short of felony murder she says, as well as the promise of future favor from the Underground. And, of course, their pay. Time to heal up and find more work!

Adventures at Sea
10/27/2014, 1:02:17 PM
Runners:
Thankyou aka Eckhard Roberts
Aemon Burst
Ortega
Ro Tain

Aemon receives a message from an unknown Horizon exec, making a very subtle threat to him and his family, and suggesting they would rather put the past behind them and cooperate in the future. They tell him that the Consensus has decided that Ted McNicholson and Thom Harrow were overzealous in their pursuit of Jackpoint members, and that they would appreciate the team’s cooperation in the future, in Chicago and elsewhere. They’ll “be in touch.”

The team links up, and takes a call from a Johnson about an extraction. She tells them she needs a visiting professor grabbed from the University of Hamburg. She thinks he’ll be somewhat unwilling to leave his research, but she is confident in their abilities to “convince” him, although she would prefer him unharmed and cooperative. She says there may be a part 2 to the job if they perform well, and warns them that there may be others also seeking the prof.

They agree and head out to grab the professor, Jackson McKay, a fringe arcanoarchaeologist who is visiting from the University of Seattle. TY tries to disguise Ro, but ends up making her look even more like herself with some really harsh makeup defining the lines of her face clearly. They get the prof out of his basement lab no problem, after convincing him he’s under threat, but come under attack by an unknown force as they exit. Ortega and Aemon are ko’ed while protecting the prof, but TY and Ro manage to finish fighting the attackers off, steal their van, and exit. Ro invites a journalism student, Suzuki Jones, to join them after she requested an interview, having id’ed them as ’runners.

She proves to be very chatty throughout the drive to the safehouse and the first day they spend there, and Ro quickly regrets bringing her, but her and Aemon bond and make out, and TY and Ortega share some stories about growing up. Ro tries to plan how to quietly kill her, worrying she knows too much, but everyone else shoots that plan down. TY talks to Jane and agrees to pass along info to her and Ehran the Scribe about the islands, if he can. She also warns him of some sort of dark Harlequin that has been hiring runners for some sketchy gigs- she doesn’t offer a ton of info but tells them to steer clear.

They come under attack from another team, assisted by 2 spirits and some local gangers, but fight them off again. They find some small dragon pendants on the hit squad, and ID them as members of the Knights of the Dragon, a fanatical militant order within the Children of the Dragon cult. They aren’t sure why they want the professor (or want him dead) so bad, but they seem committed. They take off in the van again to stay mobile for the rest of the wait period, and avoid further trouble till they make the handoff.

They meet Ms. Johnson and get hired on to escort the prof and a group of mercs from Blackheart Security out to some islands that mysteriously appeared 2 days ago, off the AGS north coast. There’s a naval blockade, but she has arranged an opening. They agree, head out, and pass through a temporary gap between ships. They get tossed around extensively by a mana storm obscuring the islands from sight, but make it through (though the ship is listing to port a bit), and land. Hopefully they got there first…..

They spend a few days exploring the islands, and some odd, cyclopean ruins that they discover there. The ruins have a strong astral presence, and seem to have aged unnaturally. There is also a mist that wafts around, and some strange, mucus-covered humanoid statues that seem kind of off. McKay is super excited, but everyone else is starting to feel strange.
They have strange dreams, telling them to leave, and the ruins seem to become more and more visible, day by day.

On the third day, they awake to find that McKay is freaking out, telling them they have to flee immediately as the island is an unstable alchera that may vanish back to the astral realm at any moment, possibly pulling them with it. At the same time, Blackheart Sec tells everyone they are under attack, and the team is to get the professor back to the ship while BS fights a delaying action. They comply, and come under fire from another KotD force recon squad. They barely escape death, with Aemon glimpsing the other side before his trauma patch brings him around. They make the boat, and Ro and TY get it running just in time.

They put out to sea as the BS mercs retreat onto the beach. Their leader and a few others make it to one of the launches as the ruins start flickering, but the rest of the mercs and cultists seem oddly distracted. Suddenly everything flashes out, and the team finds themselves aboard the boat under unfamiliar stars- they realize eventually they are near Seattle. McKay explains that they must have got shunted when the alchera collapsed, and there is no sign of the mercs. They contact Mrs. johnson, and she tells them to stay put, and sends more mercs via chopper to their location. She arrives the next day, pays them, and they had over the prof. They get ferried to shore, and TY arranges for free medical care, courtesy of Butch, after Jane calls in a favor in trade for all of TY’s recordings of the data. He also gets the prof to promise to send him a preview of his research once he gets it all written up.

Aemon ends up in the clinic for most of a week, the rest of the team heals more quickly. They get contacted by the Exchange and told of a job that they are to take while they are in town. They also set up a safehouse in the Ork Underground, and buy some spare weapons and ammo to store there, allowing them to travel more unimpeded.

Bound for Points South
10/19/2014, 5:09:13 PM
Runners:
Thankyou aka Eckhard Roberts
Aemon Burst
Ortega
Ro Tain
Tonie Dick

The team enjoys the luxe ride on Grendel’s tour bus. They reach St. Louis, the border city where they plan to cross, when Wulf shares some unfortunate details about the job. She puts on an ARO newscast showing their target, Tom Paine aka Ace aka Livewire, shaking hands with the CAS president, as he has just been promoted to head of CAS Intelligence. Grendel seems a little concerned, but figures the payout will be worth it.

The team doesn’t have much time to discuss the new info before they are pulled over, shortly after crossing the border. The large collection of wary people in unremarkable suits, as well as all the unmarked government cars, screams “spies.” Grendel has a quick convo with one of them, and tells the team they are parting ways: LRC has been handed some solid intel on easier bounties in return for giving up pursuit on this one. However, there’s a Johnson who wants to meet them in the nearby abandoned rest-stop. They agree, and head over.

After accepting some bev’s from one of the suits, they are surprised to find that the Johnson is none other than Ace himself- he greets them and another suit provides fresh-grilled food. He doesn’t seem worried about their wariness (or state of extreme armament), and talks them into taking a few small jobs from him, in exchange for giving up on their current “foolish quest”. They agree. They are to take on 2 small tasks: rescue a kidnapped 8 year old from a Zobop house, and neutralize (and preferably identify) a covert ops team holed up in a Stuffer Shack. Both jobs are in St. Louis.

They decide to tackle the kidnapped girl first, at Ace’s suggestion and Ortega’s insistence. TY tracks down a contact for Mama Martha, the proprietor of the Zobop house, on Jackpoint, and Tonie cuts a deal. They pay her to gain access to the basement safehouse that she rents out, in exchange for helping her avoid trouble for the people she has staying there. She seems only to happy to comply, not seeming too happy about the whole situation, and its potential to interfere with her business.

Ro stages a tactical entry, and they execute the kidnappers with no problems, and rescue the girl, although Ortega is disturbed by her temporary possession (by a Loa, to protect her, courtesy of Martha), but eases up after he “banishes” it with a cross (aka the Loa lets go at the end of the fight). Toni realizes she is the grand-daughter of a major CAS political family, and gets a feeling Ace is either repaying or creating a debt.

They rest up at a local motel, and Ro and Tonie bond in the hot tub, while Ortega chastely stays in the room, and Aemon gets his ear talked off by TY in the car, getting his fill of all the various conspiracy theories that make up TY’s worldview. TY begins surveillance of the SS in the morning, but his blimp gets spotted and zapped by a mage. They rush over to make sure the targets don’t escape, and get in an extended firefight, including some jury-rigged grenade traps at the entrance points. They eventually defeat the 4 commandos and 1 support mage.

Looking for clues as to their ID, they determine that the “blood magic ritual” involving 3 slaughtered SS employees, is not actually Aztlaner, but merely a simulacrum intended to appear as such. Similarly, the Aztlaner spanish the men spoke was accented wrong. Aemon also spots signs that they have signs of having tattoos removed. Based on this info, they and Ace conclude that this was a false flag op, designed to ratchet up tensions between the CAS and Aztlan, although what the team’s ultimate goal was remains unclear.

Satisfied, Ace pays them off, and flies them to Europort (they don’t want him to know they reside in Hamburg just yet). He tells them he’ll be in touch with future work, and that whether they care or not, they have done a favor for the CAS. They fly to Europort, get smuggled to Hamburg, and Aemon and Ro head off to initiate with Aemon’s family. They do so, engaging in quests of mind and body, and tests of survival skills. Aemon excels and Ro muddles though, but they both come back with new magical insights. Aemon notices a subtle but large presence of Horizon-branded stuff amongst his family. TY and Ortega work on gear, upgrade ’ware, and train at the base.

Shortly after returning to Hamburg, Aemon gets a call from Lorenius Marrow, telling them of a Johnson looking for a team to run an extraction in Hamburg.

New York, New York
9/28/2014, 10:41:05 PM
Runners:
Thankyou aka Eckhard Roberts
Aemon Burst
Ortega
Ro Tain
Tonie Dick

The team accepts a job offered by Corinna to track down some fugitives in NYC. They are wary of getting involved with the Nadja Fixer Network but the free flight out of Chicago is too good of a deal to pass up. They get flown to the city with all of their gear, and are provided a safehouse by Grendel, the Johnson for the job. He tells them they are to make their own way into Manhattan (as a test), and meet him in The Terminal.

They stash their gear (with the lynx on guard duty), and make a local smuggling connection through Ricky Steelsky. A super-ugly and super-pro dwarf named Nichols takes them across the bay from Queens to Manhattan under cover of darkness, and they land at a surprisingly bustling dock- corp types and other smugglers all loading and offloading various items and persons. They make the meet, and are impressed by Grendel’s massive 3m+ stature. He has some backup with him from his bounty collection agency, as well as his sister, Wulf, but he dominates the conversation.

The job is to extract a former New Revolution member, Keith Jones from the island. He lives off of Central Park, and works in the main MDC building, in the Ares Macrotechnology wing. Grendel is worried about the level of heat this is gonna bring down, which is why he needs them to do it. If he tries to approach through legal channels, he expects Ares to close ranks (it being bad press to harbor “traitors”). So he and his team will very publicly be broadcasting their presence elsewhere while the team grabs him. They will get him somewhere secure, and then make the handoff. Grendel will pay them, and then cash in the bounty once the heat has died down a bit. He tells them there will a 2nd job too if this one goes well.

Since they have about 2 weeks to kill til Aemon and Ro initiate in Europe, they agree. TY negotiates for a large rate increase. They make their way to The Pit, to get fake licenses and passes allowing them to operate more freely on the island. TY stays behind with their guns and such. Aemon buys a terrible, large landscape painting from a street artist. He and Ortega also get machine pistols, and non-lethal ammo. They return to The Terminal, and plan to mod their gear before they start surveillance and planning. They have 6 days to get the job done.

They customize their weapons to suit, and get some stun grenades. After carefully surveilling Jones’ home, route to work, and the lobby of the MDC office where he works, they decide they lack the skills to tackle the job any way except the obvious: grab him when he exits the car at the front of the building and try to ko or kill his security detail. They find out he is heavily protected currently due to an attempt by Saeder-Krupp to extract him a month back. He helped fight off the extraction team, so either he REALLY likes Ares, or they’re using his past to keep him complacent.

They hire Sem-par and Barnaby “Wombat” Rudd to hack the Ares Citymaster that they use to convoy him to work, and Ro figures out how to shut down the building’s wireless temporarily using a junction box in the park. After hijacking the car, they will drive it into the park, to a currently “under construction” fountain that actually connects to the Underground district and smuggling network. They contract with the Rat Pack for a hot extraction, and plan to execute the plan on the last day possible- they feel like they’ll only get the 1 shot at it anyway.

Grendel sends in Servaas Nikolic, one of his bounty hunters, along with the newly arrived Tonie Dick, to help with the grab. They spring the trap, and get in a massive gun battle with the KE detail and the building’s security. They manage to grab Jones and ko the guards with no deaths, and TY races off in the hacked Citymaster with everyone loaded in. They fight off a plant spirit that materializes inside the vehicle, and TY smashes into the “under construction” fountain/underground entrance. They ditch the car and dive in the collapsed fountain’s gaping maw, taking some damage in the fall, but successfully evading pursuit.

The Rat Pack smuggles them out as promised, and they call on the Exchange to get a secure ride to their safehouse and some supplies delivered to keep Jones ko’d and less detectable. However, TD gets a call from Monica Jorda, a contact at Ares, asking about the job, and saying Ares wil pay big for his return. They’ve set up a neutral matrix meet overseen by some neo-A’s, and he agrees to attend. There he verifies that he actually has Jones, and meets Ruby, the Ares CorpSec officer. She offers them a bonus to the pay Grendel offered in exchange for bringing Jones back to Ares, and says they’ll pay Grendel as well if the team can get him on board.

Servaas doesn’t want to betray his new boss, so they call him up and TD convinces him of the benefits of this plan: they don’t have to get Jones out of NYC, Ares isn’t after them, and they all still get paid. He agrees, and the swap goes off without a hitch, though the team is very paranoid throughout. Grendel, happy with the outcome, hires them on for another gig, down in the CAS.

Back to Bug City, Part 3
9/28/2014, 4:14:00 PM
Runners:
Thankyou aka Eckhard Roberts
Aemon Burst
Ortega
Ro Tain
and introducing: Tonie Dick

Ro receives a message from Renraku that an female elf “Johnson” will be in touch, and she should make sure the team obeys her wishes. Misunderstanding which elf they mean, Ro sells some info to Corinna about the work they’ve been doing with Samantha Roth, as well as what they’ve been up to in Chicago. She is then contacted by Ms. Johnson, a female elf, and the team decides not to sell more info til they know what’s going on.

The J wants them to gain entry to Valley Rose Pharma, a company with a private lab near the Cermak crater. She needs a server retrieved for proof of ownership. She agrees to provide a hazard bonus and iodine pills. They do some research and confirm that VRP was recently bought by Renraku, and Ro confirms that the J’s bodyguards are from the corp. Since they have no current beef with Renraku, they accept.

They are then contacted by a female ork, who wants to buy whatever is on the server, to prevent the first J from getting her hands on it. She says it is some sort of research data from a powerful toxic shaman who lives in the building, who might be a surviving scientist from the blast. He also has a gang of glowpunks who provide security and experimental subjects. She tells them to talk to Lothan The Wise for more info, and warns them that the first J is not telling them everything.

They head to The Wisest Troll, Lothan’s shop in the CZ. Sid Gambetti calls and says that he sent a face, new in town, to the bar to meet them, as he feels their team needs some help in that realm. They arrive, and Aemon is put off by Lothan’s know-it-all demeanor, so he heads outside and meets Tonie Dick, the face, who introduces himself as Carlos Danger. He seems to have a lot of brand new B&E gear, but his clothes are rumpled and worn.

Meanwhile, Lothan fills the team in on the glowpunks and The Founder, the scientist turned toxie. He is an old enemy, so Lothan is happy to see them take him on. Goober also offers to buy an meditech they recover at the lab. They rent rooms for the night and head out the next morning. They hit a gang ambush, but make short work of half of the gangers before they flee. Tonie holds his own. They reach the lab, and kill a lookout that TY miraculously spots. However, this alerts everyone else.

They get in a raging gunfight with the gang, while the leader snipes them from concealment, with the aid of a mage and spirit. They eventually defeat them, and manage to kill the mage and sniper as they attempt to flee. They find a medidrone for Goober. They pause to reload, and descend to the basement. The Founder warns them to abandon their quest and leave, but they ignore him, and blow up the barrier he has at the base of the stair. He repeatedly toxic waves them, doing incredible damage. Tonie and the lynx flee to the top of the stairs.

Ro and TY hold the stairs, while Aemon and Ortega fan out to trap the Founder. They manage to kill his spirit, and he retreats further into the acrid, pitch black basement. Aemon chases him into what seem like a deadend, but he ducks through a small crack, but Ortega manages to cut him off (literally!) with his combat axe. He is sprayed with acid for his trouble, which greatly damages his armor. They find the desired server node and extract it. Ro pays Quantum Princess to decrypt the files once they have it safely back to Goober’s shop, while he repairs all their acid-damaged gear.

It turns out the The Founder was researching a FAB-III vaccine before the walls went up, and continued his experiments (as well as trying to recreate the conditions that turned him into a toxic mage) afterwards. He has years of notes, and was apparently responsible for the death or madness of a large number of unwilling ‘subjects’ brought to him by the glowpunks, including some of the gangers themselves. There are also ownership records for the building.

TY, hating unwilling experimentation, argues with Ro about what to do with the data: he doesn’t want one corp to have control of the vaccine (if it ever even works), as they could then ‘safely’ crush all other awakened life, potentially. So he releases the notes on Jackpoint, stirring up some controversy and conversation on the board. Ro is frustrated, but not quick enough to stop him, and delivers the server with all the data aboard to the J, Sarah Silverleaf. Tonie talks her into paying extra for the info that someone else made a bid for it, and they describe the female ork. Meawhile, TY calls the ork, Maggie Goldberg, who is disappointed that the data didn’t get destroyed, but glad that it’s at least somewhat public, so that its misuse can be countered as needed.

They also return the focus that Lothan lose years ago in a duel with the Founder. He offers future talismongering in trade. They rest up, and agree to fly to NYC to check out a job offered by Corinna. They are somewhat wary, as TY has been reading up on Nadja Daviar conspiracy theories, but the pay seems good, and they get a free flight (with gear) out of Chicago. Silverleaf texts Ro that she is “disappointed” with her, probably for decrypting and sharing the data. Tonie and Silverleaf, having hit it off, decide to spend some time together, but he offers his services to the team in the future, as he has heard someone has been asking around for him….

Back to Bug City, Part 2
9/10/2014, 4:30:53 PM
Runners:
Thankyou aka Eckhard Roberts
Aemon Burst
Ortega
Ro Tain

The team is contacted by Sid Gambetti, a CZ Johnson, to come meet him at The Vault about a job. They agree, and head out, but come across some Fleshmongers on the way, kidnapping an unconscious family. Ortega rages, and rescues the child, while the rest of the team guns down the gangers. However, the 2 ghoul overseers manage to escape, although Ortega films them and posts a bounty for their death.

They reach the Vault, and TY tries to impress the Desolation Angels guards with the dead ’Mongers cuts, but they seem mostly bored. The team enters, and sees that Sid is in the ring, holding up the arm of the winner of a just-concluded pitfight. He messages them to meet him in back, and they do. He introduces them to Matt Wrath, the fighter, who is quietly petting a dire rat in the corner. Sid tells them that he is organizing a team to go on a run for Martin Tate, a doctor who operates a clinic out of the Vault. They agree to go meet him, and after Sid leaves, Matt tells them to talk to Becky 99 at the local barter market as well.

They meet Tate and he gives them the deets: he wants to open a 2nd clinic in the CZ, and has found a good site, but needs the team to go retrieve whatever ownership records are still there so that he can take possession with no trouble. They agree, and head to the market to gear up, grabbing some explosives and such. They also meet Becky, in a booth full of more DA’s. She tells them she is always on the lookout for relics of the city’s past, and that the site Tate has them headed to used to be a trid studio, pre-Bugs, so they may have some good stuff. She offers to pay them a small bonus for any trids they can retrieve, and tells them that it won’t interfere with their main job. They agree. She also says something cryptic about Tate’s corporate goals, but they don’t inquire further.

They rest up that night at the Vault, and reach the building the next day without incident. It is pretty well sealed-up, and there is a disturbing tree full of metahuman skulls growing out of the middle of the parking lot. TY scouts the roof with a drone and finds a large garden, as well as feral looking ganger tending a hydroponic setup on the floor below. They decide to enter the main warehouse via a rolling door, rather than try to gain access to the office building which looks more fortified. TY spots a dragon swooping down from inside as they open the door and shoots it! But it was only made of paper, and harmlessly explodes, merely startling those below. They enter through a cloud of mist and busted turnstiles, and find themselves, confusingly, in a forest of over-large trees.

A voice tells them to “leave our home!” and they look around to try to spot the speaker. Aemon really wants to shoot something. They spot some huts and bridges in the trees, as well as a bubbling swamp in one corner of the building. TY and Ro converse with the voice, and Ro uses psychology to recognize that his diction and accent imply he is some sort of delusional LARP-er, though he seems cogent enough to talk with them. They convince him to come parlay, and Ortega recognizes the man’s costume as a Neil the Ork Barbarian getup (though the main wearing it is merely a large human). He seems to fully believe that he is Neil, however, so they tell him they are on a heroic quest to retrieve some mystical scrolls from the cavern below this forest.

He agrees to allow them passage, so long as it will not harm his home or people, and they assure him. He calls out his fellows, more feral gangers with bows, who had concealed themselves around the “forest.” Aemon is getting super annoyed about all these fantasists. They head back through a “cave” into what looks like an old employee lounge, and meet Kira, who Neil introduces as his wife. She is very pregnant, and TY thinks she might be a technomancer, based on the static he suddenly encounters when he nears her. They pass through, and Neil whistles a pack of 6 hellhounds to bay and throws them some meat (good thing they didn’t enter the office first!). The presence of the hounds helps explain the totally burned out, hollow office building. Easy for Tate to remodel at least?

They head to the basement, and many of them slip and fall on the filthy shit-covered steps. They are standing in about a foot of still, fetid sewage, and check the rooms nearby quickly, finding nothing in the first 3, and then being swarmed by a huge pack of rats and devil rats in the fourth. TY grenades the room with everyone else surpresses, and Ro finishes them off (as well as zapping the team a bit) with her shock plate armor. They escape largely unharmed, and seem to have partially collapsed the rats access tunnel. They enter the final door and find an editing suite with a huge terminal which looks intact. TY manages to jury rig a setup to run power from the transformer in the corner, across the moldy drop-ceiling, to the terminal without getting electrocuted.

They run Tate’s program, and start looking for files for Becky. They find some but they are in such as archaic format that they need to process them before copying. TY almost has one finished when Tate’s program wipes everything off the computer! They head back upstairs a bit disappoited, and Neil & Kira aks what they found. TY falls under their charismatic sway and shows them, against Ro’s wishes. Not wanting to lose their home, they seem a bit upset at first, but TY and Ro sell them on a deal where they could stay in the warehouse and provide security for the the clinic in the office building, so they wouldn’t even lose much space. They agree, and Kira helps retrieve the rest of the one file for Becky that they had found.

They spend the night sharing stories of their adventures and exploits over ale around a fire, and Aemon finally demonstrates his shooting prowess on the roof, impressing a young archer. They head back in the morning, sell Tate on the deal as well (he is impressed with the peaceful resolution and says he’ll be in touch when he needs more work), and get paid. Becky is happy that they got the 1 file at least and also pays up. Ro is contacted by a few different people: Samantha Roth says she is looking for any useful intel on corp (or other) activity on the ground in the CZ, a woman named Corinna is seeking the same (as well as info on Roth), and an attractive elf woman calls with another job offer. Ro sells some info to Corinna for now, after TY does some research and id’s her as a member of the Nadja Fixer Network. She says she’ll pay well in the future for a first look at anything of interest that they come across.

Back To Bug City
6/21/2014, 6:59:24 PM
Runners:
Thankyou aka Eckhard Roberts
Aemon Burst
Ortega
Ro Tain

TY meets up with SEATac Sweetie to get all his drones back, and tries to have a normal human experience, with some success. The team meets up at the airport, and boards an unmarked military-looking jet, and get briefed on the job after agreeing to a significant payday. The Johnson is Samantha Roth, a talking-head geopolitics/military news celeb on NeoNET channels. She also has UCAS military intelligence ties from back in the day. She offers to clear their names with those old contacts, in regards to the Istanbul job, so they’ll only have angry shedim on their tail, instead of a travel ban.

The job is to hunt down the last surviving leader of Winternight, Friday, who recently escaped custody, stole some nukes from a UCAS airbase, and has gone to ground with a cell in Chicago, hiding the nukes amid the astral confusion and toxicity of the CZ. The catch is they have to do it on film, as they will be accompanying Roth herself and Brennan “Heavy” O’Dell on the mission while filming the latest episodes of Toxic Hunters, O’Dell’s NeoNet show. So civilian casualties and collateral damage must be kept to an absolute minimum, and O’Dell should be set up for good money shots, when possible. They agree, reluctantly.

They land in the O’Hare Sprawl, and meet the TH team- 3 mercs, O’Dell, and 2 trid crew, all kitted out in armor and conspicuously-branded fresh, new gear. They take VTOLs into the CZ, and wingsuit glide down into the top of Truman Tower, the tallest building downtown, even though it’s top 50 stories are bombed out. Aemon travels through a FAB III cloud and doesn’t feel great. They cautiously climb down through the wreckage of the top floors, choosing to land high, and ascend more, rather than risking a more dangerous but lower LZ. They get into it with an insect cult, who seem to be harvesting old wasp-spirit nests for telesma, and 1 merc is killed by the hybrid form leader as it emerges in spirit form. They kill the rest and continue.

TY gets some good surveillance via drones, but another merc is killed by a trap shortly after. They slow a bit, but Ro and Aemon are somewhat injured in another trap. TY finally spots the WN team, with help from Aemon assensing. WN is holed up in a 3-story open area, with the windows blacked, and good cover, as well as some drone support. They fight off a suicide drone rush as the descend further, and the last merc is heavily injured. They wingsuit him out towards the lake and call for a pickup- CZ airspace isn’t safe to be hovering in for long. They then burst into the room and rappel down to the floor while O’Dell and Roth provide cover. They get into with some rotodrones and 4 old-school looking street sams, all chromed out. TY takes out the sams with grenades from his own drone, but the drone is shot down. They finish off the rotodrones, but not before Friday, 2 toxic shamans, and 2 trolls carrying nukes on their backs make their escape via wingsuit, towards the old Transit Terminal.

The team follows while Ro snipes, taking out both mages! Ortega lands first, and comes under fire from 2 ground drones, but he, Aemon, Ro, and O’Dell manage to take them out, while TY pilots over his own Lynx. They race down the stairs, and Ortega sets off another trap, injuring him. However, he manages to dodge out of the way of a missile at the base of the stairs, fired from the back of a stripped-down ATV that Friday and 1 troll flee in with the nukes. Sadly, 1 of the trid crew is immolated in the blast. Ortega almost loses an arm to the axe the remaining troll charges him with, but Aemon manages to kill the troll. TY jury-rigs another vehicle, and they give chase.

Ortega and the Lynx provide covering fire, while TY drives and Aemon, Roth, and O’Dell try to line up shots. Roth tells them that if WN crosses the Chicago River, the Corp Council is going to Thorshot the area, not wanting to risk whatever toxic magic WN has planned- they’re headed right for the Cermak Crater! They manage to take down the missile launcher first, crucially, and then the troll. They wound Friday, and O’Dell finally drops her with the shot he’s been lining up forever, as her car just reaches the river’s banks.

No time to rest! They make sure Friday’s dead, but then have to get the nukes out of there to the nearby LZ that they can get picked up in- intel reports multpiple factions closing on their location! They split into the 2 cars, and manage to make the pickup and get out of there without further casualties, although with a sever expenditure of ammo. It takes Ortega and O’Dell both to lift the nuke cases in, 1 at a time. They dust off, and make it back to O’Hare. Roth tells them they will have a few days to heal at on-base housing, but then will have to make their own way, either home or into the city. She tells them that there is a lot of work now with Operation: Takeback happening, and that she put the word out that they are capable and in town.

They heal, think about some skills, and stock up on overpriced gear when they can find it, and TY does some research into Chicago’s sights, sounds, and factions. They soon have more work, setting up matrix relays for Quantum Princess. She tells them it should be a days work or so in the CZ, and will greatly help Chicago’s fragile grid. They trade ammo to min-max their weight to efficiency ratio, at Ammo Jims, then head to Garfield Park first, and get the relay set up, but come under fire from a sniper. They get pinned pretty bad, and Ro fails to countersnipe and nearly dies. TY panics, and jams the drone gun, but Aemon comes through with an extreme-range killshot. They raid the building, and find that the guy was apparently a delusional loner, who believe that he was killing zombies. They are horrified by his kill total, assuming the others are also people. The whole place is filthy, and he obviously doesn’t leave much. But, the stairs are knocked out on the first 2 floors, so it seems pretty safe, and they decide to rest up.

Simon Andrews gets in touch with more work, and as it’s nearby they decide to do it first, before the 2nd relay. They find an old abandoned-looking building that he wants them to check out, and investigate. It seems a bit haunted, and lots of distressing phenomena follow them as they move through. They also notice some cybered gabriel hounds watching from a distance. They find a basement lab, the only part of the building not in a shambles, and find 1 dead scientist and 2 dead guards, all about a week old. They also find 12 clone tanks, 1 of which (labelled #1) is busted open and empty. They also find a cranial bomb, recently removed, and a commlink on the table. They retrieve the data server Andrews wanted, and send that & the ’link to him via aridrone. He pays up and thanks them.

They head south again, to Midway Airport, the neo-anarchist controlled, bombed-out last place to land in the CZ. They talk their way in, and after the A’s check out QP’s rep (and the team’s) they put the 2nd relay up, and get paid. The A’s explain that the relays should allow QP to keep Noosenet, Chicago’s hidden matrix, up and running on the grid as the corps move back in and take over. They trade the delusinal sniper’s rifle for a place to stay, and Aemon heals some wounded, from a recent skirmish with the nearby racist Human Brigade.

They head out in the morning, with one of the A’s, and claim the bounty of the Garfield Park Sniper, after Ro agrees to use her legit SIN at Archangel Bounty Redemption. She sees a promo for their Toxic Hunter episode while there. They hit up ATF, restock on armor and ammo, and sell off some other goods. Ortega insists on visiting a nearby orphanage compound that he heard of from a Black Star member. They go there, and decide to stay the night. They also get another job from Juan Xihuitl, to track down a missing person as a favor for a friend.

Aemon invites Simon Andrews, his new bff, to come smoke drugs with him and some of the orphans and staff, and he agrees. Ro and TY also participate, but Ortega insists on keeping watch, having heard that fleshmongers sometimes try to intercept babies and children as they are dropped off or approach the safe haven. TY gets a little too high, and remembers some of his past: he left his village to go to a bigger town, as he showed academic promise, just as Nelson Rosslee told him. However, he also remembers that he was kidnapped, drugged, and forced into a militia while on the way, and never made it. He has some nightmares of things he did for them.

Meanwhile, Ro is astrally perceiving for the first time in her life, and it is goddamned glorious. She decided to sleep with Andrews, as his light dims all the others present. Aemon tries to show off on Andrews’ janky Harley, but crashes on the ice sheet that he cast on the street. Andrews does a magical fireworks show for the orphans, who all watch out their windows, and then takes Ro and Aemon on a bender through the CZ to Freak Town, where he and Ro do indeed hook up while Aemon trick-shoots stuff around a fire with some of the denizens.

They wake the next day to find him gone, and are both crashing pretty hard, so they waaaay overpay the bribe to leave the CZ to the Lone Star guards on duty. They link up with the team at the Maker Collective, the last known spot the missing girl, Sam, was at. Based on info from some orphans and others, they think she might be the escaped clone (or original?), but they checked out the guy who is looking for her, Nick Ryder, and he seems legit, if also a cranky drunk. They find her with little problem, and Ro and TY manage to bond with her surprisingly quickly over their various shared experiences. She seems to rapidly trust them, and wants to find out more about her past, so agrees to accompany them.

They disguise her with bits and pieces of their gear, and head out. Ro is alarmed at how competent she seems with the auto-shotgun she gives her, and Sam also seems initially surprised. They avoid another team headed their way using the blimp feed, and meet up with Ryder. He explains that Sam is his oldest case, from 2 decades ago- she was kidnapped by some kinda goon squad in a van right off the street when she was 6, and he hadn’t had a lead on her until a few days back. Her family bailed when Bug City hit, so he’s the closest thing she’s got here, but he convinces them he has a workable safehouse for her and can help her figure out her past. Ryder tells them that he checked out the lab location, but it was already scrubbed clean (by Saeder-Krupp? or others?). It was owned by a Shiawase subsid before the walls went up, but who knows what they’ve been up to since then?

He and Sam leave, and Sam says thanks and that she may be in touch. They notice a kind of creepy-looking dwarf medic (Carol Hindrance) in the ambulance that they leave in, but Ryder doesn’t seem concerned so they let it go. They decide to figure out where to rest up a bit, and their comms ring with more offers of work.

Down, In The Underground
6/21/2014, 6:58:06 PM
Runners:
Thankyou aka Eckhard Roberts
Aemon Burst
Ortega
Ro Tain

The team arrives safely in Seattle, smuggled in with their gear by Jackpoint contacts. They meet up with Bull MacCallister and find out that a notorious serial killer, The Mayan Cutter, has returned, or at least a copycat has emerged. They start hunting after negotiating pay, and dig into the recent spate of murders. They also get put in touch with a crooked KE cop, Tosh Athack.

The killings have all targeted people involved in the previous killer’s capture, and the wounds bear striking similarities to that killer’s work. However, Bull assures the team that the real killer was captured last time, so they begin looking through his history to see if he had a partner. They don’t find any, but determine that he was ex-special forces, kicked out after torturing Azzie prisoners in Denver in the 60’s. He is a virulent racist (both metatype and skin-color, a rare combo), and has extensice cutting-edge ’ware, that he has kept updated.

While they investigate, there is another killing- Athack’s old partner, a popular figure in the Ork Underground. Luckily, they get first shot at the crime scene, with the help of their Skraacha contact Gurzag. They manage to get a DNA sample, and using data gather from the other crime scenes and victims, use ritual magic to track the suspect to a mostly-abandoned island in Outremer. They find out the killer is apparently an ork mechanic who hasn’t shown up to work lately? He also has a lot of top-grade ’ware, and has a building on an island that he uses for tricking out Urban Brawl and Combat Bike gear.

They head out, slightly confused, and get into a gunfight with a group of jackbooted meta-racists with support from a spirit of man in the form of a Valkyrie. They kill them, and manage to take down the Ork (weird…..) as he tries to make his escape. The capture him, execute the other prisoners, and also manage to stabilize his most recent victim, who they find inside- Bull’s wife! She is thrilled to be alive, though barely conscious. They seem to have interrupted him, just in time. They head back to a private dock/warehouse, and hand the prisoner over to Bull, who has a mage scan his brain before he and other relatives of victims beat and shoot the killer to death.

He pays up, and later tells the team that the ork firmly believed himself to be the previous killer, and was working his way through a killlist of enemies from his life. Bull is worried this might be connected to whatever has been going around the matrix, infecting people, and tells the team he’ll be in touch if more info comes up.

After resting for a few days, they get hired to help out in the Ork Underground, brokering a deal between the Skraacha and the Stonecutter’s Guild, a dwarven union. However, a bomb goes off just as they get to the meet, and they dedicate themselves to fighting the fire and saving people in the bustling Goblin Market. Ortega leads a group of Skraacha in making a firebreak, while Ro inspires them, and gets survivors organized and moving to the exits. TY uses his jury-rigging skills to limit the airflow a bit (hacked to run at full blast!) get the fire suppression system working (it seems to have been hacked and told not to), and Aemon blasts open a bunch of water pipes, and then kills a fire spirit that is stoking the flames. They effectively put it out.

The consensus is that this was a planned sabotage, and TY begins worrying about a Night of Rage repeat when they are called to the exit, where a ganger and an Imam are arguing over how best to try to lead people out, as the cops are barricading the exit. Ortega also encounters a group of ork children who tell him they were attacked by humans with assault rifles. 1 kid is dead and 1 is injured, Ortega gets them to a safe hiding spot, and he & Aemon start setting up an ambush to prevent the crowd getting pincered. TY calls KE contacts and gets in touch with the commander on-site, while Ro tries to organize the crowd (first backing the Imam, and then redirecting the gangers towards the kill squad that attacked the kids).

TY gets KE access through a drone relay to internal sensors and whatnot, to determine if the attack was biological as they were informed (which is why they set up the barricades), but agree to start slowly letting the crowd out. Ro keeps them calm, although they start to rush when they hear nearby gunfire. The gangers and killsquad go at each other, loudly, just out of sight, and then the guns fall silent. Ortega and Aemon manage to drop the 2 surviving human cybermers that emerge, both of whom immolate from thermite charges after they fall- a suicide squad! even worse. They regroup by the crowd, but scatter into cover as an unseen sniper somewhere in the market kills a Skraacha member. The crowd rushes out, but KE refrains from firing, and keeps the scene under control.

The team gets in an epic gun battle with a spirit of man, 6 cybermercs, and a sniper. They finally take them down with the help of Vandana Rao Bat’Djoto, the Johnson from their job, who shows up just in time with some Skraacha backup. The sniper was either operating remotely or escaped, as all they find is a slagged rifle. The rest of the killsquad also immolates on death, but Alamos 20K later claims responsibility, so they assume they were working for them.

Bat-Djoto tells them that since Prop 23 passed, they’ve been on the lookout for anti-underground attacks, but this was especially well-planned and must have had some high-level backing. However, Ro and TY’s skillful scene and media management ensured that it played in the Underground’s favor in all but the most racist press. Also, the Stonecutter’s Guild, with all the good coverage, agreed to renew their dormant alliance, so the day’s events, though tragic, helped ensure a better future for the district. Much rebuilding lies ahead…

For the team’s good service, they are all awarded an “Friends of the Underground” token, that will allow them access to areas normally forbidden to topsiders, and are also given good terms on a series of purchases and trades. They are also told that they are welcome to set up a safehouse in Skraacha turf if they wish to pay the rent for an additional space. They think about it, collect their gear, and get ready to head to Chicago for a high-risk, high-reward job.

When Animals Attack
5/20/2014, 12:21:07 PM
Runners:
Thankyou aka Eckhard Roberts
Aemon Burst
Ortega
Ro Tain

The team finally decides to help out their anarachist hosts, and look into some mysterious deaths near a farm which provides them with a lot of produce. They are to meet a retired cop, and former forensics tech, named Hua out there, as he went ahead. They get ahold of him via satellite and find out that there have been increasingly severe animal attacks the last 2 nights, and are told to hurry. He is heavily injured and will require them to do most of the work. They agree.

Reaching the farm, they decide to prioritize strengthening defenses for the nights potential attack, delaying the investigation. TY fixes up some turbines to power lights (& aquaponics, longterm), and begins pondering converting to Sikhism, the dominant religion here. It seems that Mr. Singh, the farm’s proprietor, has taken the ‘protection of innocents’ tenet of his faith seriously, and has amassed a large collection of orphans and strays, who help him run and defend the land. Ortega approves, although he is distressed by TY’s drift from his interest in catholicism. Ro tries with some small success to rally the farmers and teach them some strategy, but is mostly ignored. Aemon heals some of the wounded with Ortega’s aid.

Night falls, and the attacks come: waves of animals behaving abnormally, in pairings that would never occur naturally. The final wave includes some well-camoflagued humans, as well as large tusked bears and a shapeshifter owl/spellcaster. However, due to skillful shooting and driving, they manage to only lose their truck, and not take any casualties. They also keep the farm from harm. The dead humans all look sickly and malnourished. The next day, TY and Ro decide to stay at the farm to do more repairs in case of another attack, while Aemon & Ortega investigate the area. Hua gives them a forensics kit, and tells them of 2 sites he wanted to check before he was injured.

First, they check out a trash people settlement down the river, but find it destroyed- it looks to be the same tactics as the attacks on Kaur’s Farm- wave after wave of random animals (lured in with bait) attacked, with humans mopping up. Some of the bodies were cannibalized, although these marks were covered or disguised. It seems that all the women and children are absent, and nearby mountain bike tracks and drag marks indicate they may have been taken somewhere. They follow the tracks, and come upon The Plastic Jungle, an overrun maze of greenhouse domes and connecting tunnels and structures. They cautiouly venture in, but soon come under attack. They defeat their assailants and find them to be more malnourished, camoflagued, humans.

Pushing further in, they find a symbolically carved tree trunk “throne”, which Ortega is able to analyze using his familiarity with religions. He determines that this is some sort of cannibal cult, worshipping a creature that Aemon id’s as a wendigo (explaining a mysterious aura he felt nearby the night previous). Based on the amount of human remains here, it seems they’ve been at it for some time, and doesn’t seem likely that they’ll find survivors. However, as they follow the wendigo’s tracks out a back entrance towards a path down the river bluff, they find a locked walk-in freezer door. They open it, and Ortega, lightning-fast, dives on top of a grenade held by a final cultist, in order to protect the 4 children huddled within.

He survives, miraculously unscathed, and chalks it up to divine intervention. He insists they rescue the children and see them safe, whereas Aemon wants to chase the wendigo (who seems to be riding another piasma). Ortega wins out, and they try to keep the kids warm on the long-ish walk back. They reach the farm and decide to investigate the other site Hua told them of, though night again approaches. They reach an abandoned overgrown factory, and find evidence that a lone gabriel hound, acting irregularly, managed to lure out and pick off the 6 thrill-gangers residing there. It also survived being shot multiple times at close range, and Aemon is able to detect a lingering, strange aura (different from the wendigo’s).

They decide this is probably unconnected to the other attacks, and seeing as they halted those, decide to call it a job well done. They are, however, somewhat disturbed to see a human-like face (possibly that of a gabriel hound), watching them from some trees as they head back. Reviewing a commlink they found on the gangers, it seems like they had been raiding local settlements, and scouting the farm as a target. So, if anything, the hound (or whatever is in control of it) helped? They report their findings to Hua, and agree to escort him back to town for needed medical attention. He is a little disappointed they don’t have more answers, but is glad they stopped the attacks.

They post a local notice about the wendigo (who fetch high bounties in many areas), and head to the port, to get smuggled over to Seattle for some work.

Free Taiwan
5/20/2014, 12:20:28 PM
Runners:
Thankyou aka Eckhard Roberts
Aemon Burst
Ortega
Ro Tain

The team is hired by a Johnson using the name Lin Yao Chang. He checks out, so they get smuggled to Europort to hear about the job. He wants them to kick some pirates off of a cargo ship called the Free Taiwan, and is offering a pretty huge payout for what he says will be less than a full night’s work. They agree, most of them opting to take their pay in Wuxing gear. They do a little research and see that the ship is operated by a wholly-owned Wuxing subsid, so they don’t feel like they’ll be causing themselves any future problems.

They steal 2 cigarette boats from the marina that the meet was at, and head out to sea. TY rigs the riggable one and drives the other, figuring it’ll be useful to have an undamaged escape boat. They reach the ship with little trouble, shoot out some spotlights after they get noticed climbing aboard, and fight off a small army of drones equipped with cargo-hauling arms that they use to try to crush the runners.

Investigating further, they find the group of surfer pirates attempting to flee the ship, but are dissuaded from pursuing by a series of distressing equipment and drone failures (which they determine could be the work of a technomancer). They also find 2 crew hiding out in a “safe room”, but are unable to convince them to leave.

They find the container that Chang told them to locate, and break in. It seems to be loaded to the brim with boardgame components, and they can’t detect any chemical traces indicating what they are otherwise (drugs, explosives, etc), so they splash fuel oil over everything, chuck a few genades in, close it up again, and set it off. With the contents sufficiently trashed, and the ship seemingly returning to it’s proper course now that the pirates have left, they decide to bail before the cops arrive.

They get back to Europort without incident, and call on the Exchange to find a friendly marina to stow the riggable craft in. They call the deaddrop number they were given, and receive 4 tickets to a black tie gala at a local museum, for the start of an Asian art exhibit. They rent tuxes and a u-haul (to store all their gear in), and then rest up til evening.

Ortega stays in the truck while the other 3 go in. They follow proper etiquette and wait til the mingling portion of the evening to approach Chang. Sadly, he doesn’t seem to know them, and appears to have been impersonated by whoever actually hired them. He is not interested in paying them, either. They are annoyed but leave without causing a scene, having noticed heavy Triad security. They get a call shortly after they exit that has a local street address and says “15 minutes.” Chang also calls TY to thank him for not causing a scene, saying that he appreciates his professional attitude.

Lacking time to set up a proper ambush, they head over and drop Aemon off a block early. However, he gets astrally spotted, and a reptilian-looking changeling punk pulls up next to him in a new-ish Mercury Comet, and introduces himself as Simon Andrews. He tells them that he was the real Johnson behind the job, an elaborate prank to cause Chang to lose face with his master, the great dragon Lung, when Lung hears about the cargo container’s destruction tomorrow (april 1st). Simon tells them that unfortuantely the face he hired to pose as Chang (and thus incriminate him) offered the team a bit more than he was authorized to, and the pays going to be significantly lower. When TY protests, Simon tells them he’ll throw in the Comet, too. They agree, with Ro remaining reluctant- she feels that this whole setup was rude. Aemon quickly bonds with Simon, and TY also falls under the sway of his charm fairly quickly.

They head back to the safehouse in Hamburg, Ro and TY via boat and Ortega and Aemon via car. TY lets Ro drive for a while, since she loves it so much, even though they go much slower. Ortega and Aemon fight off some road agents with little trouble. They decide next to help the anarchists out with their food supply problem.

Hung Over
5/5/2014, 10:46:38 PM
Runners:
Thankyou aka Eckhard Roberts
Aemon Burst
Ortega
Ro Tain

The team wakes up in a hospital in downtown Cara’Sir, minus their clothes, gear, and recent memories. They remember taking a courier job from Evan Parris, him worried that he has a traitor in his organization having lost his previous courier on this run. They were told to get to the bottom of it via whatever means necessary, and thats the last they recall. They’re also not getting wireless and are handcuffed to their beds. They hear an orderly talking to 2 cops in the hall, who seem to be tagging the teams gear. The nurse enters, and while bending over TY, lets slip a scalpel and says “Hamshallow sends his regards.” They escape their bonds, and Ortega scalpels the guards in the hall while Ro gets punchy with her bone augments.

They grab their gear and load up, and start heading for the exit. Ro hooks their medkit up to the 2 cops, hoping to avoid unecessary deaths. Aemon scouts ahead astrally and sees 2 more cops coming in, and they set an ambush. Ro tries to plan it so they don’t kill them, but Aemon blows one of their heads off. They finally reach the parking lot and get wireless back, and have a message waiting from the Prince. He tells them that he’s scrubbed their arrest and will take care of any mess they made leaving the hospital, and that he’s narrowed the possible traitors down to 4. They are to visit all of them, make sure they fall in line with his control, find the missing drugs they were delivering (and got dosed with), and punish those responsible.

They visit the Souldrinkers first: a zombie/vamp themed thrill gang that posts up under a bridge when not robbing, killing, and feasting on flesh (or so the rumors go). They find the 2nd in command, Nightblade, holding court, and Ro gets really annoyed at the zombie posers. The SD’s refuse to be intimidated, but don’t seem to have any beef with Parris, so the team just injures NB and they gel round a bunch of zombies as they drive off, hoping that gets some sort of message across.

They next head to Padraig’s, a retired runner bar. The crew that runs it has a rep as being tough, but kinda stupid, so they decide to play it cautiously. However, they find them all drunk and squabbling. They still have the drugs the team earlier delivered, and don’t seem suspicious. Ro tries to inspire them to shape up in case enemies of the Prince come calling, and they seem ready to throw down, if still drunk. They are also rampantly hitting on the team, especially Ro and Aemon. They leave.

Next up: the Marchers, the current National Hurling league champs. They drive onto the filed, trying to intimidate, but the team seems amped up on combat drugs, mid-practice. They get muscled off the field, and retreat, before roaring back on and spraying suppressive gel-fire. The hurlers bash out some of the windows with their clubs, they starts shooting for real. They kill one player, and seriously wound one of the stars, while taking some minor damage from flung balls, before the team flees the field. However, the car comes under assault rifle fire from the far side of the arena, and TY picks up some racing bike engine signatures- it seems a renegade local chapter of the Ancients had stolen the shipment, and were trying to cut in on Parris’ turf.

They give chase, and see that Johnson, Parri’s missing driver, has also fallen in with the Ancients. He is firing the assault rifle from the back of 1 bike, while another has the case of drugs, and 8 more run intereference. They get into a wild chase, with the bikes making for the highway where their better speed will give them an advantage. The manage to kill Johnson, and drop the bike with drugs. TY slows down and Ortega tucks and rolls to grab it. TY rams another and Aemon kills 1 more, while Ortega finally catches up. They call Parris, and he says he will send a team to clean up the rest, and directs them to a safe lockup as the cops are on their way.

He pays them well for the inconvenience, and smuggles them back to Seattle, telling them they should probably stay out of Cara-Sir for a while til things cool down. They pay Erika Gwyn to smuggle them across the ocean, and Sergei Vipin to fly them the rest of the way to Hamburg, and finally return to their safehouse. They agree to take about a week off, and all get some various surgeries/tattoos/training. They hear about a few different job offers, and rent’s coming due again so they decide to get back to work.

Grocery List
4/23/2014, 11:16:38 PM
Runners:
Thankyou aka Eckhard Roberts
Aemon Burst
Ortega
Ro Tain

The team meets up with Evan Parris at a fancy restaraunt in downtown Cara’Sir. Ortega refuses to go in, having been treated poorly in the elven nation. The rest dress up. Parris hires them to go poach a series of reagents from High Prince Larry Zincan’s private preserve, adjacent to a nearby national park. They agree, and are introduced to their guide, Ballard. They enjoy a ludicrously fancy vegetarian meal and head out.

Ballard picks them up the next day in an RV with 5 offroad bikes strapped on back. TY buys an additional bike, just in case, hoping to return it unused. They get into the park with no problem, and park in the public area, establishing their base camp. They decide to first harvest some silver moss, and come under attack from some agropelters, agressive moss-addicted monkeys. They kill or wound a large number, and collect the moss, before returning to base.

Next they go after the grandfather elk, an old but powerful herd leader. He drives Ro off, overcome with mental horror, as she tries to line up a sniper shot. TY sends up his laser drone, as well as rigging Aemon’s bike forward, while Ortega shoots down some lesser elk that attack them. Aemon wounds the grandfather elk, with a crippling shot to the hip, and they bring it down. Ortega shares a mental link/vision of how the elk feels as it dies, and crashes his bike into a stump. Ballard harvests the antlers, and they safely return to camp.

They decide to tackle the griffins next, fearing the climb. Ortega almost flies up the cliff, with TY close behind and Ro and Aemon slowly creeping up the lower reaches. However Ortega gets spotted by a griffin, and they end up in a cliff face gun battle with 4 dive-bombing, razor-beaked birds. They emerge victorious, but lose some valuable beaks due to griffins crashing to the earth. They return to camp, and rest up an extra few days.

They take on the golden board next, and Ballard beseeches them to leave it alive, as its tusks will grow back, minus reagents, which will help protect this rare creature. They finally spot it after a half-day’s driving- it seems to be near-invisible, but not very subtle. They bring it down from a distance, and manage to keep stunning it as it regenerates long enough for Ballard to get the tusks. They return to camp, miraculously un-injured.

Werewolves last! They head to the woods on a nearby mountain where they have a hunter’s cabin. They approach on foot, attempting stealth, but Aemon notices they have some watcher spirits paying attention from the astral. TY and Ro head up the front door, as Aemon and Ortega take covering positions in the woods. A hirsute man exits the cabin and hails them. They engage in a terse negotiation, and agree to have Ballard 1/2 shave both werewolves while they alternate holding Ro hostage, in order to avoid a dangerous situation that it is unclear how would emerge from intact. Aemon notices they have a large spirit of beasts over the house in the astral as backup, and is glad they decided not to fight it out. Ro manages to get both Dolph & Daciana as a contact in case she ever needs body disposal services, also.

They return to camp, and are surprised to find a young western dragon waiting for them. He rips the door off the trailer as he shouts into their minds about their trespasses upon his lands. They briefly try to reason with him, but he seems to be gunning for a fight, and starts shooting blasts of elemental fire at them. They return fire, and he ko’s Aemon and the toasts the roto-drone before they drive him off. He takes one final shot at the trailer as he’s leaving, but TY dives in front of the blast to save the reagents. He’s heavily injured but alive, and they return to Cara’Sir and get paid. However, Evan Parris warns them that the dragon may have id’d them to the High Prince, or may soon, so he’s going to get them out of town shortly- right after they do one last job for him.

Domestic Tranquilizers
4/15/2014, 11:04:34 AM
Runners:
Thankyou aka Eckhard Roberts
Aemon Burst
Ortega
Ro Tain

Ro links up with the team, using another Evan Parris-provided visa. She picked up some rumors in Seattle that Horizon is looking for them. They all head to a meet with Parris, and catch the tail end of some sort of Tir Prince pep rally in a park, which is rudely interrupted by a driveby. Although it was targeted at some rival gang members in the park, the Prince’s don’t hesitate to obliterate the attacker’s vehicle with a fireball. Parris tells the team that his other errand can wait, and that he wants them to deal with this gang war immediately, as he is sick of it affecting his business. He sends them to a meet with Alexander Horn, a local Crime Corp boss/fixer, who has the intel required. Parris’ driver, who goes by “Johnson”, chaffeurs them around in a lux SUV, but tells them that his job is to get them from place to place and protect the car, not them.

The meeting with Horn is somewhat confusing, as he insists on using corporate lingo and metaphor, exclusively, to describe the situation. Ro manages to piece it together but fumbles the social interaction, and TY and Ortega just can’t keep up, leaving it to Aemon to assure the anxious Horn that they are capable of completing the task at hand. They get the name of 4 gangs, and the likely locations of their 4 leaders: Enyo: leader of an all-female gang called The Shooters, The Duke: leader of an all-ork gang called The Spans, Red Feather: chief of a Native American crime family called the Dog Soldiers, and Stump: leader of the all-dwarf Sons of Gimli.

They head out to meet Stump first, and find a bar converted entirely to dwarf-size (including the awkward-height door). They find out that the hostilities started because Stump and Red Feather’s sister, Smiles Like the Sun, have run off together. This is a problem, as RF is a racial purist, and is refusing to believe that his sister is acting of her own free will- he thinks she has been magically induced or kidnapped. Smiles assures the team this isn’t so, and Aemon confirms via assesning that she isn’t being controlled (although Stump is a decently powerful mage of some sort). The Sons are allied with The Shooters, so they jumped in the fight too, using it as an excuse to hit back at The Spans, who are allied with the Dog Soldiers, and are longtime competitors for the same slice of dockside turf. They get Stump to agree to participate in a challenge fight on RF’s terms, if RF will agree to allow Stump and Smiles to go about their lives if he loses. The team also convinces them to get married soon if Stump wins, to try and tie the warring gangs together.

They head out to the Spans base next, a rundown warehouse called The Duchy. There are some armed orks outside on alert, due to the current situation, but they talk their way in, and cross through a filty hall filled with drug-addled gangers lounging around watching trids and porn. The Duke himself is seated atop a trash-pile throne, with an obviously underage ork girl on his lap (angering Ortega). He speaks coarsely of the Shooters and the Sons, and seems pretty interested in continuing the violence, a prospect that he and the gangers present seem to relish. However, he agrees to stand by the outcome of a challenge fight between the Sons and the DS’, as long as the team can also get him in the ring with Enyo, (who he seems to have personal beef with), to settle their turf dispute. They agree, and leave, somewhat disgusted.

Being nearby, they hit up The Shooters next, in the Meat Rack, the dockside redlight district that they control. The stylish red and black knock-off Actioneer suits that the women wear mark them out pretty easily from the johns and working girls, and they manage to talk their way into a meet with Enyo, who seems to have been expecting them. She seems interested in peace, as this ongoing spat is bad for business (and bad for longterm prospects if that state cracks down), but she can’t afford to not hit back if the Spans attack her girls, or her allies. They convince her to come to the challenge fight, although she talks Ortega into fighting as her champion for some bonus pay, perhaps correctly worried about her chances one-on-one with The Duke, who she seems to despise. Aemon tries to flirt with her but is rebuffed.

They roll out to the urban wilds, to meet Red Feather. Johnson has to park a ways off and leave them to walk up, and they are intercepted by 2 well-camoflagued Dog Soldiers armed with compound bows. They manage to talk their way into a meet, and are escorted deeper in. RF is an elf, but the gang seems mixed between elves and humans. They seem to be pushing for a return to NAN-affiliation, rather than being and Elven nation, from the team can pick up. RF is pretty short with them, and they have to do some fairly intense convincing to get him to hear them out. He eventually agrees that if his sister can be produced unharmed and will allow herself to be examined magically to prove that she is acting of her own free will, he will participate in the challenge fight to settle this, although he says that he plans to kill Stump in the ring. RF also seems to have some magic ability, and although not especially charismatic, has the devotion of his followers, though his sister is also popular.

The night comes, and the team rolls up on the abandoned, collapsed warehouse that is used as a neutral meeting place. Ortega asks Ro to buy him some cram to boost his abilities a bit, remembering how poorly he fared against Jimmy The Chin in Seattle. Ro makes a cocktail of cram, jazz, nitro, and kamikaze, to really power him up, but doesn’t tell him about the bonuses in the inhaler. Aemon coats Ortega’s axe blade in narcoject, and tells him he better connect of the first hit. The rest of the gangs show up: Stump and Smiles on a chopper with 4 more Sons in a van behind, Red Feather and 6 Dogs on bikes and atv’s, Enyo and 6 Shooters in red and white convertibles, and The Duke and 4 Spans on foot. They head in, and after some formal invocations, the Duke agrees to Ortega as Enyo’s champion, and agrees to a blades fight to the death, and the first fight begins.

Ortega is tripping something fierce, but is inhumanly fast and strong, and manages to strike the first blow, staggering his opponent. The Duke gets a few decent hits in, but it unable to recover from this initial volley and Ortega fells him. However, in a combat rage, he keeps pulverizing the corpse with his axe, angering some of the spectators, until Aemon shoots it out of his hand, and Ro manages to use imitiation military commands to lure him outside. However, even after getting him to run around a bunch, he is still in a frenzy, so Ro and Aemon incapacitate him, while TY tries to make sure no-one inside sees what it happening. Ro leaves, taking Ortega to a nearby street doc. By the time Aemon and TY return, the Duke’s body has been torn apart, apparently by the other Spans, in order to salvage his ’ware, and the 2nd fight has begun. Enyo messages Aemon to praise his trick shot and invites him to meet her later. She also pays Ortega a bit extra.

Meanwhile, Red Feather seems to have the definitive speed advantage, although he is dealing mostly light blows, seemingly unable to fully penetrate Stump’s mystical armor. When Stump finally swings, it is a mighty hit, seriously wounding RF. This goes on for a bit, but Stump prevails in the end as his 2nd swing fells RF, who lies dazed and bleeding on the ground. Although there are some shouts of “finish it!”, Stump looks to Smiles, who nods “no”, and he calls it a win and exits the ring, leaving the Dogs free to collect their grievously wounded chief. Their is a little more ceremony, and everyone goes their seperate ways, the Spans already having declared a new Duke. They apparently wanted to recruit Ortega but he was nowhere to be found….

The team gets paid, and Parris tells them that he has another job lined up in a few days: a reagent hunt in a High Prince’s private preserve.

Hopping the Fence
4/7/2014, 4:42:13 PM
Runners:
Thankyou aka Eckhard Roberts
Aemon Burst
Ortega

Ro Tain decides to go take care of some business in Seattle, not wanting to do further missions for the Ancients right now as she is piqued by their Elven supremacy. The rest of the team rests up for a few days and hones some skills, before heading to the Crime Mall to meet up with Rook. They’re going to be smuggling some contraband (and Rook) out of Seattle, through Salish=Shidhe territory and over the border into Tir Taingire. The first leg of the trip will use 2 refrigerated trucks (including the repainted Stuffer Shack auto-hauler from last time).

They dicker over pay and then head out. They have an Ancients escort for the initial bit and don’t have any trouble, but are accosted by another go-gang, the 405 Hellhounds on their eponymous highway. They drive them off with dispiriting called shots and assault rifle fire before they do anything other than cosmetic damage. They reach the border-spanning Carnation Farms dairy farm, and bribe their way through without incident, refusing to pay further for some milk that “fell off the truck”.

They reach Rimrock Lake, a smuggler’s in Cascade Ork turf, and find a battered but seemingly functional Ares Dragon cargo chopper waiting for them. They trade the trucks for it with a taciturn ork mechanic named Big Jim, and also rent a refrigerated carge container with emergency chutes and an LMG from him, just to make sure things go smoothly. They load up the chopper and cargo crate, and find out they they’re carrying a bunch of random purloined corporate goods, concealing 9 Aztechnology stinger launchers. Rook tells them that the ban on Azzie tech in the Tir mean that both the launchers and the Stuffer Shack loot will fetch a good price.

They cross the border over the mountains, and spot Mount Hood in the distance, before clouds roll in and obscure their view. They are flying near the chopper’s ceiling to help avoid detection, and are avoiding magical use for the same reason. However, as TY begins to follow the ARO trail towards the LZ, their sensors ping an incoming craft, hiding in the clouds, and their comm systems bursts into static-y life with an elven supremacist screed, delivered in Sperethiel. They also are alerted that the other craft is attempting missile lock.

Rook tells them that it is likely a member of the Great Hunt, a fanatic border patrol that tends to shoot first. TY begins evasive maneuvers while Ortega and Aemon haul open the side cargo door and strap in. Ortega spots the other craft with his thermo, and they are able to tag it with a few rounds before it gets a missile off. However, their chopper is heavily damaged and TY is struggling to maintain control. They manage to send the enemy chopper (a light scout craft) into a tailspin, heavily smoking, as it gets a second missile off, which TY pulls out all the stops to partially avoid, managing to avoid a total catastrophe, but he is unable to right it and they bail in chutes, as Rook blows the explosive bolts holding the cargo on. They try to steer towards the LZ as Ortega finishes off the other chopper, just to make sure.

As they descend further, they are attacked by a small group of light rotodrones mounted with LMG’s, but manage to take them out with no serious damage, and protect the cargo. They come in and mostly stick the landing. TY, already weakened from VR feedback. fares the worst. They meet up with some Tir Peace Force troops with a bunch of off-road technicals, who begin loading the gear. They are introduced to Rook’s father, and wired-up Tir Prince named Evan Parris, who pays them and provides them with visas to the Tir good for 1 month, as well as a promise of more work in a day and a half’s time. They head into Cara’Sir/Portland to get the lay of the land until then.

Ancient Pawns
4/3/2014, 9:20:58 PM
Runners
Thankyou aka Eckhard Roberts
Ro Tain
Ortega

The team decides to meet a Johnson in Cara-Sir (formerly Portland), about some work in the PNW. Sutun, The Pillar of Ankara decides to bow out, worried that his obvious appearance might allow Horizon to easily track him. he says he is going to lay low and check in with his family. Aemon Burst, having never seen Tir Tairngire before, decides to skip the job and check out the Elven nation.

They are put ashore near a nameless dockside bar filled with seamen and longshormen, as well as 2 suited elves who are obviously carrying, and seem to be guarding a slightly older-looking elf in a much better suit, who introduces himself as Mr. Johnson. After Ro greets him in Spetheriel, he replies in fluent Japanese, and TY has to request that they continue in English. The setup is that Mr. J wants them to go wait in Seattle in a barrens safehouse for a few days, after which they will be contacted by an Ancients member about some work. They are to except the job and complete it, and not let anyone know that they were hired to be on hand. They agree, as the pay’s good, but are suspicious.

Doing some research on the names they were given, they find that the elf likely to contact them, Belial, is an up and comer who is gunning for the top seat in the Seattle chapter. Apparently his father, Green Lucifer, built the chapter up some 20 years ago, before getting promoted to West Coast head. The woman he left in charge, Sting is still running things, but there’s a crew of young guns angling for change. Based on old arrest photos they pull up, they decide that Mr. J is mostly likely Green Lucifer, some years and surgeries later, looking out for his only recently acknowledged son.

They spend a few days honing skills and healing up before they get the call from Belial’s righthand man, Rook, who tells them he has need of some out-of-towners, and that they come recommended by the LA chapter. He says they need to get to a bar in Puyallup by 11:30, and the job will be done by 1:30 or so. They agree, and load out later that evening. They find Belial performing Concrete Dreams cover songs onstage, and an all-elf (and mostly Ancient) clientele. Some other elves in courier gear eye them as they walk in. They hang around for a bit before Belial jumps offstage and gives them the deets: in 10 minutes, at midnight, he will announce them as his proxies in a challenge for the leadership. They will have 1 hour to complete as many of 5 available tasks as possible, and need to get more than the other team to win.

He leaps back onstage to participate in the ritual of challenge- he seems to command the crowds attention in a way that his rival Sting does not, though she has a large old-guard contingent in her corner. She introduces her team (the courielves) as members of the Laesa syndicate, and the two teams head out to begin. They are all given Ancient jackets, at Belial’s insistence, so they won’t be held accountable for tonight’s fun. Ro tells the Laesa team that losers are buying drinks. Vehicles have been provided, and the Laesa team races off on streetbikes as the team loads into an SUV tricked out in Ancients colors. They spend a few precious minutes plotting their course and head out.

FIrst stop: Jimmy The Chin, a former boxer who has more recently been working as an enforcer for the Chicago familias, before branching out on his own as a pimp. He’s been kidnapping girls from around town and hooking them on bliss to keep them from running away. Ortega is especially gung-ho, given the young age of some of the girls. They race to his locations, with TY skillfully avoiding the burning trashpiles, barricades, potholes, etc. that usually make barrens driving such a joy. They find 2 dwarves guarding a loading dock in the infamous Crime Mall, and manage to overpower them and push in through the door. They shoot Jimmy’s brother and Ortega charges Jimmy with an axe, but is ko’d in one expert hit. TY shoots Jimmy, and Ro calls Belial to request a spirit be sent to protect the drugged up girls until someone can pick them up. The spirit also heals Ortega a bit, getting him back on his feet. They take the 2 dwarf heads as trophies.

They next head to a small Humanis chapterhouse, recently established. Not wanting to chance any more trouble, they grenade the pathetic sniper’s nest on the roof, and then blast suppressing fire through the front windows as they lob in more grenades. After waiting a moment and seeing noone emerge, they enter and Ortega grabs some of their robes as trophies (which were happily hung up in a back room and avoided the chunky salsa). They race off to the next job.

They find a group of orks in paramiltary uniforms with ak’s guarding a ruined building that covers an entrance to the Ork Underground. Belial doesn’t have beef with these guys, the Skraacha, in particular, just wants them to stop expanding topside, so the team decides to play it cool. TY and Ro eventually convince the Orks to sell them some of their uniform badges (of which they claim to have plenty more, anyway) in order to avoid violence. The orks mostly seem amused/confused to see 2 humans and an ork wearing Ancients colors.

The teams heads out towards Tacoma, to trash a Spikes bar. They do a suppressive driveby, while grenading the 4 bikes out front into shrapnel. They take only video as a trophy this time, fearing the 4 angry, drunken trolls rushing into the street, who are probably calling their friends. Due to more excellent driving, TY gets them out of Spikes turf problem-free, though they hear the distinctive rev of their choppers nearby a few times too many.

They race to the final job: hijacking a Stuffer Shack delivery autohauler that some idiot routed through Tarislar (the Elven ghetto in the barrens). They catch up, match speed, and TY spins the suv around backwards so Ro and Ortega can grapple over and toss stuff in more easily. They get a box of each type of merchandise carried, and make their escape just as the Laesa team takes control of the truck. Ro sends out a public message listing her favorite drink, as TY blasts Concrete Dream on the stereo.

They haul ass for the finish line at the bar, arriving a full minute ahead of the other crew. After reviewing trophies, Belial is declared the winner, with the team’s 5 trophies besting the Laesa group’s 3 (even though they had the whole truck). Sting gracefully accepts defeat, especially once Belial makes clear that she is still to be respected within the gang. They get paid and spend the night partying with the Ancients (once they give the jackets back).

The next morning, back in the safehouse (to Ro’s disappointment, none of the elves would sleep with her- some sort of racial thing, which pisses her off), and heavily hungover, they receive a call from Rook, telling them there’s some smuggling work if they’re looking for more jobs. They agree, and call Aemon to tell him to get ready to work, as Ro says she’s gonna sit this one out, not having been back in Seattle in a while.

SUPLEXXXXXXXXXXX
3/27/2014, 1:18:10 AM
Runners
Thankyou aka Eckhard Roberts
Ro Tain
Ortega
and introducing: Aemon Burst
with a special guest appearance by: Sutun, The Pillar of Ankara

Arriving back in Hamburg, the team gets the lowdown on the latest Jackpoint job from Sem-par and Barnaby “Wombat” Rudd, who have been investigating Ted McNicholson, looking for a weakpoint in his routines and schedule. They give the team his next week of meetings, as well as floorplan to his office and overhead views of his house and estate, and details on his security convoy. The team decides to hire some additional muscle, expecting this to be a combat run, and hire a gunslinger and close combat expert who come recommended by Serge “Castiron” Merkel.

Tobias Cheney also pays them for the GeMiTo job, and tells them that the 3 survivors are now membes in good standing of the Exchange. As a starting gift, he warns them that they have warrants out in the UCAS, seemingly originating in military intelligence, but now widespread to law enforcement agencies around the country. They figure this is fallout from the Istanbul snafu. JP arranges for transports in and out of LA via a plane and a submersible.

They decide to hit TM while he’s convoying home for the night, and set up an ambush. They call Sonora and hire some Ancients to steal them the 3 vehicles they need. It takes a few nights for timing/location/etc to work out, and they end up putting his guards on alert, but they manage to pull it off on their fourth attempt. They ram the lead car with a dumptruck (rigged by TY), destroying both. Sutun leaps from the back, and smashes the window out, soaking the gunfire from inside, and ko-ing 2 of the 3 ork bodyguards (the other retreats). Blanket jamming suddenly shuts down their comms.

Meanwhile, a van that TY is driving gets in range of the tail car (after Aemon confirms via assensing that TM is in the center car), and Ortega and Ro each drop a missile from a stinger onto the center car, also destroying it. The 3rd car pulls up, 2 trolls get out, and TM is loaded in by 2 more trolls, along with his primary bodyguard, who seems to have taken only minor damage. Sutun intercepts this car as it tries to speed away, and gets in a hand-to-hand fight on the hood with the human adept guard. The remaining ork and the 2 trolls on the ground exchange fire with the van team.

Sutun gets seriously injured by the adept, but the adept is killed by focussed bursts from Aemon and Ortega. Ro and Ortega grenade the remaining car, preventing it from reaching the gated community in which TM lives. They then grenade TM and the trolls as they try to haul him free, shredding TM, and ko’ing Sutun. They exchange further fire with the ork and trolls as they tactically retreat, hauling what looks to be TM’s headware with them (apparently realizing that anything more was hopeless). Aemon shoots guns out of 2 of their hands, demoralizing them. The team’s van is fucked, so TY has the switch car drive up to meet them (not ideal, as police drones are en route if not on-site already), and they flee, retrieving the ko’d Sutun.

Due to some skillful driving by TY, they evade pursuit, and reach the smuggler’s sub in the appointed window and make good their escape (for now). They have no idea how Horizon will respond- apparently TM was brought in from Mars after running their shadow ops division there, to head a “special projects” divison dedicated to runner outreach. Apparently there is some dissension in the corp about his methods, as he did not always use the official Horizon consensus models to make some of his decisions. A controversial but powerful figure, so the team awaits news on how the mega will respond to his assassination, hoping that leaving most of his guards alive (though often grievously injured) will send the right message.

They get paid decently, healed up, and Ortega and Ro gain provisional access to Jackpoint. They hear of work in Lagos, Seattle, and Portland/Tir Taingire, and have to decide where to go next- rent is due again in a week.

GeMiTobias
2/26/2014, 7:05:33 PM
Runners
Thankyou aka Eckhard Roberts
Lafeyette
Ro Tain
Ortega

The team heals up in the underground bolthole they rented from the Capotrenos head, Giada. Thankyou hovers on the edge of death, and takes a full week to recover, even with magical assistance. Ro learns some new skills and languages, impressing everyone with her mental acuity. Lafeyette flies in to join them, to help Tobias Cheney free Content Not Found: null, his oldest friend, from Saeder-Krupp’s clutches. He knows the facility he is in, they just have to get inside. Tobias will provide cover, and is arranging a way out for him and PHH after the extraction. He is paying them partly in nuyen or gear, and partly in an introduction to the Exchange, which he is looking to expand to more parts of the Earth.

They do some research and find that the SK building in question is completely smooth-sided, with no visible points of entry, and is located in the middle of a large minefield, ringed by a moat, with good sightlines and heavy surveillance/monitoring. They watch as a helicopter comes and hovers over the building for about 15 minutes and then departs. Unsure what to do, they contact Saul Chronic, who does some digging. Apparently, this facility is a weapons dev and testing spot (not surprising), and usually gets supplies/sends stuff out via chopper. However, they have been out of contact for almost a week (not uncommon, they only send out unimportant communication via wireless to avoid monitoring), and didn’t respond to the most recent shipment chopper at all. Also, they find out that the building morphed into its current form about the same time as the sale of the mellified man, but can’t figure out any connection.

They decide to go full pink mohawk, and blast & shoot their way through the minefield, before blowing open the building using plastic explosives. Hearing that an SK team is also on its way to investigate, they decide to hurry, although they hope to also turn that to their advantage, and maybe avoid getting on the corp’s bad side, if they can make it look like they were doing their work for them.

The manage to pass through the minefiled in a hail of explosions and gunfire, with Tobias helping shoot the mines, targeting via TY’s radar. Ro blows open the side of the building, and essentially destroys the first floor due to explosive overkill. They enter, and are happy to have brought a ladder as they wrecked the elevators and stairs. They find one shredded corpse but can’t get any useful info. They ascend through a few levels of trashed labs and office space, fighting off some horrifying combat mutants equipped with melded in laser pistols and charge packs. Under Ro’s guidance, they use clever tactics to avoid heavy damage, but find some other distrubing-looking experiments.

They find PHH’s office, but it’s also trashed and noone’s there. They clear the rest of the floors and head back down, deciding to check the basement. Distressingly, they find what seems to be a breeding area with some medical vats, as well as a fighting pit and some cages a floor below, down a large but empty elevator shaft. This lower floor is also equipped with a tripbeam that Lafeyette sets off while checking it, triggering a laser grid that injures her and cuts her rops, dropping her about 20 minutes into a recently-hollowed cavern. She breaks most of her bones, and ko’s.

The rest of the team uses this intel to safely bypass the laser maze, and reaches the bottom, finding some bad shit: an insect hive (wasps), a man in a Tobias-like powered armor suit, and a grotesque shaman engaged in some sort of ritual. They nuke the shaman before he even has a chance to respond, and begin grenading the wasps nest, setting it aflame- it seems to be made of all the various soft items available in the floors above: clothes, paper, flesh, etc. This seems to be where all the missing employees ended up….

Unfortunately, the man in the suit, who they quickly id as PHH, isn’t on their side, and is blasting them with laser beams. They manage to hold off the wasp spirits emerging from the nest just long enough to drop him, and then get back out of there before all the oxygen is sucked out. They leave a helmet-cam recording on a burner ‘link inside (as they’re all masked up anyway) for the SK team, to hopefully keep them off their backs.

They fill Tobias in, and he jets in to grab his friend and give him a proper burial. However, locals are gathering, including some militia, who Tobias has held at bay with sniper shots. They hightail it to the arranged spot and meet Giada, who escorts them to the Capotrenos underground safehouse. They lay low and heal for a few days before heading back to Hamburg to rendevouz with the rest of the team and go deal with Ted McNicholson. Lafeyette, in no shape to travel (or regain concsciousness), remains behind.

The Istanbul Job
2/3/2014, 5:37:50 PM
Runners
Thankyou aka Eckhard Roberts
Lafeyette
Ro Tain
Sem-par
Ortega
and introducing Barnaby “Wombat” Rudd

The team decides to finally take up Saul Chronic on the Istanbul artifact hunt job. While he was there researching his mother’s disappearance, a woman named Joanna Krstic contacted him based on his involvement in acquiring some artifacts in the past. She wants him to track down rumors of the impending sale of a mellified man in Istanbul, see if it’s real, and acquire it if so. She arranges transport for the team, and gets them a place to stay and a stipend, with a bonus for acquisition.

They start looking around, and Saul tells them to get in touch with a local contact, Barnaby Rudd, who is skilled at finding secret info. They meet him in the rare book bazaar, and he helps them locate the sight of the transaction. Apparently some Karavanli are coming into town and unloading a major artefact, but he can’t find who the buyers are, though there are reports of some well-armed out of towners wandering the grand bazaar, so TY and Ro go scout it out, while Lafeyette stakes out the sale site. Laf eventually spots some well-concealed mages and a spirit alongside a large crate, apparently waiting for buyers.

TY and Ro spot 2 different groups: a half dozen Kurds, under the leadership of a former Knight Errant subcontractor named Hamid, and a group of 4 cybered-up mercs who appear North Arican or Arabian. They track the cybermercs to a truck waiting nearby with 2 more inside, and based on their larger group approaching the buysite, decide these are the buyers. Rudd finds Hamid’s commcode and tips him off, while Laf trails the buyers after the transaction concludes. A massive gunfight ensues, tearing through the streets of the marketplace.

The end result is that the Kurds take out the cybermercs, seize the artifact, but are then ambushed by the other 2 cybermercs after Ro tips them off too. The Kurds are then set on by bug spirits, who burst forth from an underground cistern. They take the artifact back underground, and the Kurds stage a fighting retreat as bazaar security is closing in. The 2 cybermercs head after the spirits, while Ro calls in backup from Joanna. They chase the artifact through the ancient Roman sewers (Ro having tagged it with a tracking round), and find the cybermercs torn to shreds. The insects escape into the Bosporus through some connecting tunnels, and Joanna tells them to stick around while she sees if she can track down where they went. Lafeyette assenses Krstic’s team, and finds their auras extremely disturbing. The only lead they have so far is that Ro discovers that some ’Ndraghetta mafia were in town, asking after the artifact as well.

They do some background digging on Krstic, and find out from Jackpoint members that she is a high-level UCAS spook, and probably running it for someone else. The soldiers auras mesh with some rumors of a UCAS-affiliated special forces squad that some on JP think is composed of shedim. SP and Wombat hack into Krstic’s comm and get some info suggesting that she is working for Apep Consortium. They turn to JP again and find rumors that some high level Apep rep in the DC area may be a master shedim, and start to freak out a little.

Ro also hears from Hamid, who offers them 150% pay to work for him instead- he doesn’t want the insects to get it, and their team seems skilled, so he’d rather not fight them too. He agrees to help them double cross Krstic’s team as well. They agree, and Krstic flies them to GeMiTo, where she has tracked the artifact to a Fiere in Milan. She doesn’t seem aware of their impending betrayal. They scout out the market, and find that some of the underground tunnel system has been closed for the day- suspicious? There is also a Europol magical misuse taskforce shaking down talisleggers in the market- suspicious?

They make contact with Giada, a leader of the techwiz gang called the Capotrenos that runs the subway and arrange transport in for their team, Krstic’s team, and the Kurds, transport out for the Kurds, and a safehouse for themselves post-mission. They head over, and rendevouz with Krstic’s team, again moving with inhuman silence and precision. They find the artifact trade site, and open fire on a large group of orks (apparently fleshforms) and a human mage (wearing a Europol AMMA jacket). They take them out and turn on Krstic’s team as the Kurds help spring the ambush. However, they seem to see it coming and it devolves into a hardfought battle. If they are shedim, they certainly prove their reputation as tough fighters. TY is heavily injured and bleeding out, and one of the Kurds is killed, but they prevail, get paid, and the Kurds leave with the artifact, promsing to keep it secure.

The team tries to stabilize and heal TY, with some success, and check out the AMMA guy- he is bleeding out, and they decide to leave him to die. They hook up with Giada and try to heal TY, who barely pulls through due more to luck than skill. They hole up in the safehouse, and wait for the next job to come along.

Dawkins Groupies
2/1/2014, 12:25:44 AM
Runners
Thankyou aka Eckhard Roberts
Lafeyette
Ramón Ortega
Sem-par
and introducing Ro Tain

The team gets the details on Thom Harrow’s hideaway, deep in the wilds of the Mojave. Jackpoint members have tracked him down and done as much surveillance as possible, including reaching out to the Old Man of the Desert to make sure that their mission won’t be seen as an intrusion. Their will be 4 teams going in on 2 T-birds, approaching on ATV’s and then on foot. They decide to wait for a massive sandstorm to roll in to give them better cover. Luckily, satellite coverage of the area is shit also. The 4 teams are the main team, and 3 support teams (2 riggers and a hacker, 2 adepts and 2 mages, and a 4 person merc team sent by Picador). A runner named Ro Tain will be coordinating the 4 teams from one of the T-birds.

They gear up and roll out, and arrive safely, in the storm. They approach what seems to be a small oasis after the mages scout ahead (1 coming back badly injured). They enter and encounter some barghests, which once defeated are found to have some surveillance gear implanted. So, cover blown, they call in the others and try to find Harrow’s base. They eventually discover a shaft hidden inside a tree trunk, as well as some vent pipes, and blow it open, which also handily vents the poison gas trap in the room at the bottom. They blow through another door and find that facility is pretty well trashed- decks, servers, and consoles destroyed, documents shredded and bruned etc. They push through, finding the top floor abandoned, and descend further. They find Harrow frantically disconnecting medical gear from a grotesquely mutated child. He almost kills Ortega, but him and TY manage to take Harrow out with FA assault rifle fire.

Sempar interfaces with the kid, who is sporting a massively oversized brain, and tries to figure out how to stabilize him, as Harrow seems to have disconnected him from vital supports. The rest of the team finds 2 dead techies in another room, and gets in another firefight with 2 DG operatives who are actively destroying servers. Ortega is nearly killed, and experiences another vision of a spirit telling him that this was his 2nd favor. SP, realizing that the kid doesn’t have long to live, manages to get ahold of The Captain, who agrees to try to pull as much of the dying kid into e-ghost form as possible. The kid seems to be some kind of bizaare bio-enhanced technomancer experiment, but SP gets some useful info: it seems that this branch of the Dawkins Group, under the direction of Ted McNicholson (surprise!), has been tracking and targeting runners, and Jackpoint in specific, due to their complete dislike for following trends. As one of the hardest groups to reach & effect, they are inherently a threat to Horizon’s goals (whatever those may be).

The other hacker finds a bit of data on the trashed servers, proving that they were keeping a close eye on a number of JP members, as well as numerous others around the world, and selectively leveraging info on those runners to others who are tracking them in exchange for various favors and trades. JP decides to keep going after McNicholson, and tells the team they’ll have more work in the near future. But first, Saul Chronic wants them to track down a mellified man in Istanbul.

The Jackpoint Job
1/24/2014, 12:15:48 AM
Runners
Thankyou aka Eckhard Roberts
Serge “Castiron” Merkel
Ramón Ortega
Sem-par

Having received the intel on the GPS location, they arrange transport, using smuggler contacts to drop them off from a low-flying plane, and planning a ride out with a shipping contact of Erika Gwyn’s. After trekking across the shifting, stinking trash island for most of a day, they find a sprawling tent city settlement, labelled as Trashlantis. They see large posses of youth with Ak’s patrolling, seemingly the primary security (aside from the total geographical isolation). They also see evidence of aid shipments: UN and other stencils on crates, tents, etc. The town seems divided up amongst different national groups, almost all of them seemingly climate refugees from island nations and coastal regions. However, the camp seems unified under the security, which seems almost exclusively Carribean.

They eventually find their way to a food stand where they are greeted by a man who introduces himself as Assumpcio, & says that they are expected. He leads them out the back of the cafe shack, into a series of tunnels bored and fused into the heaping plastic mounds of the island. They travel a decent ways, eventually entering into a larger space filled with people workling at terminals and scratch-built ‘decks, while a fused, translucent plastic partition blocks them off from a humming server room. They are greeted by an older male ork, who introduces himself as one of the admin’s of Jackpoint and thanks them for coming.

He tells them that they are being hosted by a group called the Square Circle, a Carribean-based data piracy group. They had begun setting up op’s here as a backup when the new matrix protocols were announced, and were receptive to being one of JP’s hosts, for a time at least, to mutual benefit. To the job at hand: JP’s inner circle has traced the persecution (& death) of members to a backdoor very sneakily established late in Fastjack’s days. It was skillfully planted, seemingly with the aid of some technomancers, but not by Jack. They checked out all the new and recent additions, and a few stood out, a few of whom are relevant to the team. TY checked out, Lodestone seems legitimately dead (and the betrayals outlasted him), and that leaves Rooster.

JP wants them to check into Rooster’s current whereabouts and activities, and either check him off as a suspect, or confirm their suspicions. They track him to LA, where he has been healing up since the Gilgamesh Initiative job in which he lost all of his limbs. They get in with their gear, with the aid of Sonora, and she gives them some intel on Rooster, including a bar he frequents- he seems slow-moving and stiff, but still gregarious as ever, and has been telling many tales of the team’s adventures (although all couched in his usual fairy-tale skin). TY decides to stay in the car, fearing his easy manipulation, while SP sneaks into bar, CI makes the approach, and Ortega provides close support (as Rooster hopefully doesn’t know him).

TY parks nearby, and the team enters, although Ortega is quickly kicked out for possession of a taser. He rejoins TY in the car. SP surveils and begins hacking into Rooster’s comm(s) while CI makes the approach- Rooster is thrilled to see him and regales him with tales and anecdotes, but also connives to get his true purpose out of him, while bringing him to the back room. SP sneaks in alongside them, but bumps Rooster, alerting him, and more importantly, the other man in the room, who SP id’s as the man who has been paying Rooster’s bills: Thom Harrow. Harrow says that he regrets things went like this, as they had hoped to recruit some of the team, and tags CI with a playing card, hard- he seems to share a skillset. SP rushes up to attack with his monofil whip, but misses, and is quickly filled by Harrow’s combat axe. SP goes down, mortally wounded, but once again sees a spirit vision, telling them (in the form of a genie in their ARO game) that they have used their “2nd wish.”

Rooster flees the room, and CI pursues, felling him with a rock, at which time the crowd turns against him. Harrow rushes in and begins hauling Rooster out, while CI delivers a stirring speech to convince the crowd not to kill him- they don’t turn on Harrow, but they chill out. TY and Ortega race around to the front, just in time to see Rooster get sniped from somewhere, seemingly by a gauss rifle, obliterating his head and upper torso completely. Harrow quickly drops the twitching corpse and dives into a waiting car, which speeds off. TY and Ortega decide not to pursue, and TY drives around back to stay out of the line of fire, while CI quickly rifles Rooster’s pockets (after which another shot annihilates what remains of his torso, leaving essentially no flesh components to his body). Ortega dashes through and grabs SP, who seems remarkably stable, given the horrible wound.

They escape, and TY receives a message from Tobias Cheney, saying only “we’re square- T”, confirming his suspicions as to the ID of the mystery shooter. They report in to JP, and SP hacks the various comms that CI pulled off of Rooster while healing up over most of a week. The comms prove that Rooster was the traitor, although he seems to have planted the backdor unwittingly. However, he sold out Lodestone to people (or dragons?) hunting Order of St George members, in order to save himself (Harrow brokered some sort of deal). He also gave dossiers on a number of JP members and other prominent ‘runners, endangering their lives, and getting some killed. This was a massive betrayal, and the various deckers and techno’s loyal to JP have dedicated themselves to erasing all evidence that Rooster ever existed- the best punishment they can imagine for a man obsessed with his image and stories.

He seems to have been delivering all of this to Harrow, who seems to work for the Dawkins Group, a secretive infowar segment of Horizon. Based on work done on the recovered comms and on tracking Harrow, they believe his branch of DG is operating out of a secret facility in the Mojave. JP is planning an assault, and asks the team to join- they agree, especially after they are told that some JP mages are going to make overtures to the spirits there that told them not to work for Horizon (and to stay out of the Mojave).

Things have also gotten crazier in Denver: Jane & Ehran the Scribe seem to have barely prevented an allout war between Harlequin and Ghostwalker in downtown, which had been brewing through proxies for some time, since GW’s return- Jane thinks it has to do with Harlequin holding a grudge about the woman killed during the Watergate rift closing, which he seems to blame GW for. TY is so relieved to hear from Jane again that he barely even processes the insanity.

The Vladivostok Job
1/6/2014, 2:26:47 PM
Runners
Thankyou aka Eckhard Roberts
Serge “Castiron” Merkel
Ramón Ortega
Sem-par
and introducing Lafeyette

The team heads to Vladivostok to begin their investigation. Atlas tells them that he has briefed a local contact with the intel they need, who should also have some useful gear and skills. She is using the name Jane Counterpoint. They arrive & meet up with JC, who tells them that Atlas can’t be directly connected, as they are getting involved in internal Evo Corporation power stuggles, and his boss wants their part to be kept secret for now. They are to infiltrate an Evo subsid, Presnya Financial Services, and run a program on the server there. Based on the info gained, there may be more work afterwards. Should be a low intensity job though.

They scout the place, and it seems like fairly standard security for a money management firm- tight but not first-class, and certainly beatable. JC secures an exit on the roof, while TY and Ortega wait in a hired car a few blocks away with assault weapons in case things go south. CI distracts the door guards (as well as setting off the door alarms) providing SP with the time to sneak in in their chameleon suit. They infiltrate up to the 2nd floor, stealing and copying keycards on the way. They manage to access the mainframe (which is more secure than they expected based on the physical sec), and sneak past the patrolling spider while running the program. Sadly, they are too distracted covering their tracks to also break the encryption on the program and see what its doing. It finishes running before SP alerts the host to their presence, and they sneak out to the 3rd floor, link up with JC, grapple down, and get picked up by TY and Ortega in the car. CI travels separately to avoid suspicion.

Atlas gets in touch after they send in the data, and tells them that there will be more work in town, as this seems to be only th tip of the iceberg.

They also have seen some news reports that the situation in Denver has been getting totally out of control- increased crime and mayhem as Aztechnology makes their move to get their slice back (as the “Law and Order” faction) during Ghostwalker’s extended absence. Rumors on Jackpoint abound that Jane has been sited there, in the company of an older elf (perhaps Ehran the Scribe), as well as a painted elf apparently being involved somehow.

The 2nd stage of the job finds them tracking down the woman who filed the papers of incorporation for a vending company that Presnya is funneling money too, which is an obvious front. After working through an elaborate ruse involving a 2nd woman of the same name and a false residence, they manage to track the real Vinetta Crosby to an office downtown. JC sneaks in, disguised as maintenance personnel, but fails to con the savvy Crosby and is tased into unconsciousness. Before their new friend can be hauled off by security, TY calls up Crosby (while SP skulks though her files), and arranges to come pick up JC and pay for some info, as Crosby seems not willing to die to protect it.

It seems that an Evo department head was using Presnya and the vending service to launder money out of Evo projects to add funding to her pet project: the Dickens Program. Doing some research, and discussing this with Atlas, reveals that this program is dedicated to invesitgating E-ghosts, a long rumored matrix phenomena, widely thought to be a hoax. However, Atlas tells them that they are very much real (at least since the 2nd Matrix crash, he’s not sure about the rumors preceding that), and that the Dickens program has resulted in some of them being decompiled- a permanent death for those living a solely e-life. He tells them that this is what Nikolai Morozov, his boss, needed to move against his rivals in Evo, and thanks them for their service.

He also tells them that if they wish to make a bit more money, they can go on a kind of virtual bounty hunt, tracking down and warning e-ghosts about the threat that the Dickens Program, and certain Evo factions, may present. They will be paid per signature confirming delivery of the warning. Using SYD’s knowledge, they manage to track down a half dozen e-ghosts living in a tribe in a bizaare, concealed code-cavern. They have had to relocate from their usual digs due to the new matrix protocols, but SemPar easily tracks them down- the team sees a nerdy, eager side to SP that they had not before witnessed. TY is weirded out and stays quiet, and it’s all too much for Ortega, who opts to pray in a corner in the Hamburg hideout, fearing the depths of the matrix almost as much as the bizaare slaughter plane.

SP bonds with the e-ghost tribe, lead by an entity called The Captain. JC manages to offend him, and is focibly ejected, impressing SP even further. They warn the tribe of the troubles, and TY is disturbed by the way in which they e-ghosts seem to view themselves as having transcended humanity, becoming something both different and better, as he is struggling to hold onto his last shred of humanity so hard. The Captain tells them that, through friends on Jackpoint , he has put in a good word for them, and that they should expect some work soon. SP couldn’t be happier, and they return to Hamburg to lay low and rest up.

JC re-introduces herself as Lafeyette, and asks if she can lay low in the hideout for a while, having recently been forced to flee the UCAS due to a bad courier run. TY and CI receive a long alphamumeric code in a private message from Jackpoint admins, and when CI shows Lafeyette, it unlocks a message in her data safe, which turns out to be a GPS coordinate. TY determines that it is a spot out in the middle of nowhere in the ocean, but after digging deeper finds that it is where a large, Texas-sized, floating trash island will be in 2 days time. They start arranging transport, and gearing up to go find out what this is all about.

Closing Time in the Dark Realm
1/6/2014, 1:58:45 PM
Runners
Thankyou aka Eckhard Roberts
Serge “Castiron” Merkel
Ramón Ortega
Sem-par

SemPar joins the team in Lagos, where they are laying low after the debacle in Asamando. They help the secure the UN team’s safehouse while the team attempts to make secure contact with their superiors and file their report/arrange an extraction. They pay off the local area boys to act as additional security, and heal up. Needing both a ride for themselves, and some funds to complete their own safehouse in the Klabauterbund compound in Die Sickergrube, outside Hamburg, the team calls up Ehran the Scribe and agrees to take on the mission to close the astral rift to the Dark Realm, at the site of Zuberi’s former village, north of the Azanian border.

They load up on exlposives at one of Lagos’ open air arms bazaars and get flown to the site. On the way, they are briefed on the job: they are to protect the 3-elf former Tir Paladin team that Ehran has sent, while they perform the ritual to sever the ties that Qliphoth, the Dark Realm slaughter spirit, has made to this world. This should make it weak enough to “kill”, at which time the Realm should close, ending the blight it has brought on that region, and the longterm threat it poses. Also, Zuberi’s braindead body has apparently reawoken, perhaps possessed by his former master, and rampaged out of the facility, so he may be present as well. SemPar sets up a sprite-based ARO overlay to make it look like he is participating in a videogame to deal with their discomfort with the whole thing, as Castiron guilted them into coming.

They arrive, and the Paladins set up a ritual circle and begin. The team fights off waves of seemingly reanimated corpses (apparently Zuberi’s former village, oddly well-preserved), who seemingly kill Castiron and begin feasting on his entrails. The rest of the team enters the rift after the ritual is complete, and manage to kill the spirit using a massive shaped charge studded with grenades, which SP sneaks into position and TY sets off with a HEAP missile. Ortega, meanwhile, is cowering in fear while being crushed to death in a spirit tentacle and melted by acidic excretions. As the explosive dissolves the horrifiying visages of Qliphoth (which looks like each individual’s runners darkest fear as it turns its gaze upon them), they are all shunted out of the Realm, sustaining major damage. Ortega and SemPar both flatline, and TY is bleeding out.

Ortega, SemPar, and Castiron all have similar dreams in which they are approached by a trusted (and deceased) figure from their past, who tells them that they are now in its debt, for preserving their lives, and will be called upon when the time is right. They, and TY, awaken aboard a military transport, being tended by medical support with magical assistance from the exhausted and drained-looking Paladin team. Somehow, they all survived, although they are disturbed to think of how when they compare dreams.

They heal up and set up in Hamburg for a while, and accept a job from Atlas Park, which will take them to Evo’s hometown, Vladivostok, to continue the invesitgation into the death and digital replacement of Corporate Court Justice Hino.

In A Prison, Out A Mine
9/15/2013, 7:12:00 PM
Runners
Thankyou aka Eckhard Roberts
Serge “Castiron” Merkel
Introducing Ramón Ortega

TY and CI heal up a bit in Seattle before leaving some of the drones with SEATac Sweetie and hiring on with Nomusa Iblis to do some work in Asamando. They apparently want some friendly outside agents to act as watchers for the UN inspection teams (seeing if Asamando is fit to be recognized), and make sure they don’t get into any trouble, or see anything they shouldn’t. They fly over on a diplomatic flight, only to get rushed out towards a prison in the boonies, hearing that the situation has apparently gotten bad! They are to retrieve the UN team intact, if possible, while keeping them from seeing any undue violence, if possible. There will be a hazard pay bonus, but Nomusa won’t be joining them in the field, as he’s busy coordinating.

Ramón Ortega, having fled Bogotá during the Aztechnology crackdown, has hired on through an NGO contact to work security on a UN convoy heading into Asamando to inspect some secret prison facilities. The UN group splits into 5 teams to hit all of the known facilities, with 2 inspectors and 2-3 guards each. RO’s group has himself, 1 other guard, amd 2 inspectors in a small APC. They cajole their way into the prison past the civil militia guards, but the prison admins try to get them back out again. A military chopper eventually arrives and the prisoners riot, seeing that the UN delegation (their potential saviors) are being forced out. Ortega and the other guard hole up in a gym at the prison with the 2 inspectors and try to fortify, but the other guard is wounded in the fighting. Guards, soldiers, and prisoners are attacking one another, and the facility descends into chaos. They are having a hard time getting comms out, as they seem to be getting jammed.

TY and CI arrive, and drop onto the roof. They fight their way through the prison facility (pitch black, lit only by flashing “emergency” strobes), freeing some guards in the top level and killing some prisoners who attack them. CI has his feelings hurt when some of the prisoners call him a “pig”. They seem to be a surprisingly nationally diverse group, and the prison seems overlarge for how many people Asamando could possibly arrest, even with their draconian laws. They reach the first floor and end up in a gunfight with an Asamandan military unit who is attacking the UN position. With RO’s help, they are able to defeat them, saving the 2 inspectors. However, their comms are still jammed, and they hear a loud grinding noise, and notice on the blimp feed that a huge population of feral ghouls have been released (from somewhere) onto the prison grounds, assaulting everyone inside, as the military fires indiscriminately from outside the fences and walls of the compound.

The team finds that their fight has weakened a chunk of floor that seems to lead into some subterranean tunnels traversing the prison, and head down. Encountering large masses of ferals in the pitch black, they respond with gunfire and grenades, although they have to leave the injured guard behind to flee fast enough. CI carries one of the inspectors while the other keeps up on foot. They eventually see the mechanisms bringing the ghouls to the surface: some old mining elevators with meat bait above them, bringing one full load of ghouls up each trip. They descend further, deeper into the caverns and workings of an abandoned mine, which seems to have been used as a feral storing house. They eventually fight their way through, ascending a steep verticle shaft above a pile of broken feral corpses (they seem to be dumped in here), and climbing from there through the mineshaft proper to daylight. The UN team finally gets a satellite signal and calls in extraction from a local fixer, as TY and CI crash from stimpak abuse.

Innocent Dobiri lands in his bushplane and flies them out to Lagos, where they can lay low in a friendly aid office. None of the other teams seem to have made it, so presumably something went wrong at the other facilities too. Horizon is already spinning it as a coordinated prison riot by Azanian human supremacist gangs in the country’s maxsec prisons, with the UN loss of life being a tragic consequence. The 2 inspectors are quietly spreading their tale, while trying to stay hidden and not get killed. They split up to help. They pay the team a hazard bonus and provide medical. Nomusa is unreachable, and the team is told to stay out of Asamando for their own safety. Apparently the UN had some intel that when Asamando gained Corporate Court recognition, they made a deal to trade access to the country’s plentiful natural resources for a steady food supply: unwanted corp prisoners. As this violates the UN’s terms for admittance, they were curious to see if it was true, and it seems much worse: the feral ghoul population of Asamando is much higher that thought, suggesting that the transformation process is less stable than advertised, with a much higher incidence of feral-ness.

This was all too much for Queen Thema Laula’s heart, and she died on the way to address the nation about the “UN tragedy.” Her daughter, Rani Laula, ascended to the throne, eating her mother’s heart in a symbolic act, and declaring a period of mourning days equal to the years of her mother’s reign. Rani Laula also made clear that Thema Laula’s call for all ghouls worldwide to move to Asamando still stands, especially in the face of some of the recent “gossip and lies” being spread about ghouls- it is less safe than ever to be a small ghoul community, isolated from support.

The team feels distressed about the “true” nature of Asamando, and is also distressed to hear that there have been more incidents occuring to Jackpoint members, now including Lyran and Orbital DK, as well as the ex-member Riser (who was recently banished alongside FastJack and Plan9 for possible infection with…. something). TY is stressing out. However, they have a useful new comrade in Ramón Ortega.

There Goes The Rooster
9/11/2013, 8:01:00 AM
Runners
Sem-par
Thankyou aka Eckhard Roberts
Serge “Castiron” Merkel
Rooster

The team holes up and heals in Seattle for a spell after the Patrick Henry Hughes extraction fiasco. TY gets a call from Netcat (through Jackpoint), informing him that she has finally tracked down one of the Gilgamesh Initiative sites referred to in the data from TY’s secret impant. They gear up and head out. Netcat has also made a deal for them: in exchange for passing the data along to a corp she is doing some work for, the corp will provide brand new experimental cyberdecks to the team’s hackers. TY and SP decide to bargain, with TY abandoning hacking to focus on rigging, and trading his deck to SP in exchange for SP’s combat drones, allowing SP to trade up to a better deck. In exchange, they will give the corp (they never ask who) access to all the data & tech they recover, as well as testing data and reports on ’deck functionality.

They reach the scandinavian fjord, and are dropped from a VTOL into the cold water aboard a small zodiac. TY drives it up the fjord, with SP scanning for nodes, and TY using radar sense to help avoid mines. They reach a small fishing village, invisible from satellite feeds, to find it a smoking ruin. About a dozen charred and melted corpses litter the area- it looks like white phosphorous grenades were used, as well as a high-caliber sniper rifle, and possibly an assault cannon. They find a secret entrance to the GI lab under one of the huts, after TY finds a disturbing message welcoming him as a “brother.”

They descend into a sterile, white lab hall, and find 6 doors, which they are able to ID using TY’s knowledge and Rooster’s stock of myths and legends. There is a main GI logo door, a Boedicca door, a Saladin door, a Wumu door, a Tamerlane door, and a Enkidu door. They start in the Enkidu room, that being TY’s codename, and he finds out both how he was assembled, where (here), and what happened to his village: he slaughtered them all, as his first test. They also find a little info on April O’Mally (Boedicca- she was “activated” by Halfman at Long Pig’s mansion, and has since “gone rogue”), and Halfman (Tamerlane- dead, but “being reactivated”). These 3 rooms are all somewhat trashed and rifled through, although the data is only damaged in the Boedicca room- SP manages to set off data bombs pretty much every time, limiting the knowledge they gain. They also find another melted corpse in the Tamerlane room, seemingly tipped out from the nearby healing vat- maybe they were regrowing Halfman and someone stopped them?

They exit into the hallway and come under attack from a ruthenium-cloaked troll-size figure emerging from the Wumu room. Rooster charges in and attacks with his weapon focus sword, and is almost instantly ko’d by a burst from Wumu’s auto-shotgun. Wumu then blasts CI and TY, while they return fire. Becoming desparate, they blast him with grenades, seriously injuring Rooster in the process. They eventually kill him, and he explodes, similar to Halfman. The explosion seriously wounds SP, and leaves Rooster missing all of his limbs, which are shredded to pieces.

They exit, with CI hauling the near-death SP and Rooster out just as water comes flooding into the explosion-damaged lab. TY finds another message asking if he found what he sought, and providing another set of GPS coords. They call for extraction, as there don’t seem to be any active defenses, and stabilize SP and Rooster (as best they can). SP pays for a short hospital stay (being low on money) before limping off to heal up on their own. Rooster gets some medical covered from the job (stabilization, etc), but will need a patron to help him literally get back on his (or any) feet.

The team discusses where to set up a safehouse (leading contenders are Hamburg, Seattle, and Hong Kong), and decide they may do more than one, as they can get away with a less fancy place without Rooster involved. They decide to contact Nomusa Iblis about his Asamando job next, to get some seed money.

Sending regards to Hamshallow
9/1/2013, 7:47:00 PM
Runners:
Rooster
Serge “Castiron” Merkel
Thankyou

The team hears of a few jobs: the Patrick Henry Hughes rescue, which Rooster pushes for, some work in Asamando for Nomusa Iblis, and the spirit killing mission for Ehran the Scribe. Nomusa says things are getting worse in Asamando, and Queen Themi Laula is rumored to be very ill and has not been seen in public in some time. Ehran says that, with some assistance from the artifacts, he has concocted a ritual to sever the slaughter spirit from the Dark Realm, limiting its power. He has also leanred its name: Qliphoth aka “The Tree of Death.” John Caruthers warns Rooster that he really needs the PHH job done like last year, & Rooster convinces the team to help, by arranging to sell PHH to Saeder-Krupp Heavy Industries, as his weapons knowledge from rival Ares Macrotechnology will likely prove of value to them.

TY also picks up some news on Jackpoint. It seems that Lodestone has likely been killed- a scouting balloon near Karavan was reported as destroyed in an explosion, with only a single male elf as a casualty, the other 4 passengers having been spirited to safety by an air spirit of levitation spell of some sort. Meanwhile, Rooster confirms that a massacre site in the NE UCAS backwoods outside of Montreal was the site of LS’ family compound. Although no bodies were found, the amount of blood and DNA evidence recovered suggests that they were likely all killed. The local cops have specualted on a crime connection, given many of the family members’ extensive rap sheets, but JP and other boards suggests draconic revenge. Rooster assures TY that he has also taken steps to distance himself, and it seems that TY faking his own death has held up (for now).

Distrubingly, there are also a number of JP members either reported as being on the run/in hiding, or out of contact, including Jane, Haze, Baka Dabora, Snopes and possibly others. Reports of some near-miss run-ins with trouble, and people on their tails have surfaced, and paranoia abounds. After losing a number of members in the Bogota debacle recently, and with Fastjack seemingly losing his mind (and currently blocked from the board) JP board members are feeling worried.

The team flies to Detroit, and meets up with some local mob (who luckily fail to recognize Rooster or TY as the guys who fucked over their affiliates in Chicago some months back). They get details on where PHH, do some scouting, and bust him out in a hail of gunfire after their subterfuge fails to get them in the door of his safehouse. He agrees to the “rescue”, grabs his go-bag, and hops in their waiting manacoffin. They ditch a tail via TY’s driving and CI’s grenade lobbing, and swap cars with none the wiser. They flee the walled-in portion of Detroit (“Aresville”) and Rooster bribes his way through the checkpoint, though due to CI and TY failing to pull off their parts sufficiently (or maybe too well, with CI imitating a terrible teenager), the border guard insists that Rooster pepper-spray them first, which he does. They retch, cry, and try to overcome disorientation, and head out into the go-gang turf outside to a private airstrip, where they hand PHH (still en-coffined) to the SK folks waiting, and hop aboard their escape craft: a Steelsky t-bird. Job complete!

Except that Caruthers is pissed to hear that Rooster sold PHH down the line, and tells Rooster that he better lose his number, as he has probably just fucked them both. Rooster gets a bad feeling thst Tobias Cheney might be gunning for him now… But, they got paid, and CI and Rooster both get some cool commemorative Qi focus tattoos. They rest up in Seattle and try to decide where to go next- sounds like somewhere in Africa is likely.

Hiding in Hamburg
8/7/2013, 2:53:00 PM
Runners
Thankyou
Rooster
Saul Chronic
Sem-par
Serge “Castiron” Merkel

The team has holed up in various squats and hotels in Hamburg while healing up from the dragon fight. They get some small in-town jobs from the local Neo-A’s and the Dutch Penose. Nothing too dangerous, just some smuggling and protection stuff, but it keeps them housed and fed while they are laying low for a bit.

News continues to trickle in from the outside world though:

1. Apparently a number of Jackpoint members were killed in the chaos in Colombia, including Black Mamba & Aufheben, and some other members are missing or injured. It seems like AZT got the jump on everyone, and hit pretty hard and fast. There are also some reports coming out about some unstable nanotech used in reconstruction efforts in warzones. but it’s unclear what is hype and rumor and propaganda and what is real.

2. Aztlan/Aztechnology has also moved back into Denver, with Ghostwalker yet to return from the rift. The Denver Treaty is up for renegoatiation, and it seems like AZT wants to get back in for good.

3. Lofwyr’s long awaited revenge on Hestaby (for destroying SK’s Dubai HQ, and possibly attacking him personally while he was fighting Alamais) has finally come about. Lofwyr seems to have been carefully positioning behind the scenes while staying publicily silent, and has managed to get Hestaby booted from the Tir Tairngire Council of Princes, as well as (more seriously) banishing her from her home on Mt. Shasta, and killing or displacing her followers there, as well as splitting up her hoard amongst other Greats. However, Lofwyr has also possibly lost some influence, having been replaced as Loremaster by Celedyr (although the rumors are that Lof ‘voluntarily’ stepped down).

4. Celedyr’s first act as Loremaster was to declare a moratorium on draconic ‘revenge’ killings of talismongers/leggers/mages/etc. After Dec. 26, 2075, all matters will be considered settled, but dragons have ’til then to take care of any necessary business. So, any members of anti-dragon orders might want to be especially cautious.

5. There are news reports of HMHVV sufferers having a harder time (for instance, worse effects from exposure to sunlight, needing to feed more), and more ghouls turning feral when they transform. Nomusa Iblis offers some insight into it, and tells the team that he may have some work for them down the line.

6. There seems to be something weird going on with Fastjack and some other members of Jackpoint, which culminates in FJ passing control of the board over to a trio of other hackers (Bull, Slamm-o!, and Glitch) and having his own access erased. This occurs after another user, Clockwork, calls FJ out on abberrant behaviour and releases some files he found that FJ had compiled, after which FJ reveals what he has uncovered in his investigation and signs off for the final time, calling on JP users to maintain the code and honor of the board. Apparently there is some sort of matrix or implant-related illness that has infected a few JP members (and others not on the board, likely), including Riser, Plan-9, and Fastjack. FJ says that he and Riser were exposed during a run on a NeoNet facility in the SW UCAS desert. With Plan-9, an implant addict and conspiracy theorist, it is harder to tell when. The illness seems to take control of the infected while they are unconscious, and act using their bodies (as well as their access codes and such)- how and to what end, no-one knows, However FJ wants to limit exposure to other JP-ers, especially after it seems that Riser (a well-known assassin, and member of the Smoker’s Club, as assassin team) has endangered some JP users. People on the site are understandably distressed by all this, and there are many touching tributes to FJ, as well as some cursing him for holding out for so long and possibly endangering them. FJ has also apparently managed to communicate to some degree with whatever is taking him over, and it seems to want to remove FJ’s personality entirely, in place of its own.

7. There are also rumors of some age-extension treatments and other advanced medtech going wrong, but as these usually involve corp of government higher-ups, or the extremely wealthy, it seems things are being kept hush hush. But could there be a connection? There are also some rumors coming out about NeoNet experiments with (or on) E-ghosts and AI’s.

8. Lastly, on Jan 1, 2075, Everyone wakes up to the terrifying reality of the new matrix protocols: corp grids go live, and hacking using existing commlinks becomes impossible. ’links still work to surf the public grid, but anyone who wants the fastest, highest quality matrix access will need to pay to upgrade to a better service, and anyone who wants to hack will need to cobble together a cyberdeck- there are some rumored prototypes in the works at various places, and some tips on JP for banging one together at one, for at least some limited utility.

Mid-winter, early in 2075, with the matrix all fresh and new, most of a year to dodge angry dragons, and disturbing rumors around the world. What better time to be a shadowrunner?

TY recovers from cybersurgery in a squat, after dropping a level of wired reflexes to gain more rigger abilities. CI and Rooster hunt human supremacists in the German forests. Saul does some oddjobs for SK. SP goes off to do whatever they do (break into people’s houses and eat their food and set up backdoor access for future thievery).

Entering the Lair
7/29/2013, 6:20:00 AM
Runners
Thankyou
Rooster
Saul Chronic
Sem-par
Serge “Castiron” Merkel

The team proceeds, with CI’s guidance, through the ruined streets of GeMiTo. As they near the compound, they “hear” a voice in their heads screaming DIE in German, and a dragon attacks. The party scatters in fear, except for TY and Saul, who hold their ground. Their weapons seem to have little effect on the dragon, but they are saved as 2 other dragons (seemingly allies) bowl into the first, knocking him into a nearby building, and crashing to the street where they continue their brawl. The team carefully moves past, and reaches the compound. They cath glimpses of the battle in the sky between Lofwyr and Alamais, and work their way forward, along paths marked as safe on the common TacNet, avoiding minefields and spell-traps. TY, having decided to fake his own death to help evade The Order of St George and the Gilgamesh Initiative, is on the lookout for a likely candidate, and with CI’s help, finds a dead merc with one bulk cyberarm. TY spends a few minutes “distressing” the corpse to make it less obvious it isn’t him, drains out as much of it’s blood as possible, douses it with C-Squared, and then drops a bunch of his genetic material around the body to try and confuse any tests that might be done. He also plants a few burner comms with a bunch of his SIN’s on them on the body. Jane agrees to report on Jackpoint that TY was killed in the assault, to help him out, and TY only lets a few of his contacts know, deciding that the loss of connection is worth the reduced risk.

They head inside the walls, through breaches blasted by the merc teams, and find the remaining mercs in a pitched battle against a group of powerful plants spirits, while some more mercs rig more charges on a huge stone gate that seems to lead inside the mountain. The team decides to avoid the fight, and continue with their objective, and enter the cavernous tunnel once it is blasted open. They fight their way past some more spirits, and reach a room with 3 descending shafts. They spend a minute healing up, and wait for the 2 other runner teams to arrive (they seem to have stopped to help the mercs outside). Once they are all arrived, they assign tunnels, and the the team heads down the center shaft, using levitation and climbing gear. They reach the bottom, and find a large pile of bones and some burnt scraps of cloth and flesh. They fight another powerful spirit as they exit this room, and enter a long hall, with rooms carved out of the rock to either side- these seems to be dragon dens, as they are littered with more food scraps, and evidence that large things have been residing here.

Saul sees astral writing with the draonic symbol they were supposed to seek out at the far end of the hall, and the team is attacked by 2 more large spirits as he announces this. They are almost entirely wiped out, with most of the party dying or ko’ed, but SP decides to use one of Ehran the Scribe’s special ritual gifts, and manages to give Saul the power of regeneration, which keeps him alive just long enough to finish off the enemy spirits. They heal, and fortify the area, finding that the passageway marked by draonic text has been sealed off with rocked, and has a charged ward protecting it. They hear a distant anguished roar, and see reflections of light from far away in the cavern- possibly a large explosion of some sort outside? Being far underground, they are out of comms with anyone and just have to wait.

Eventually, Scale and a team of mages come down to relieve the team, and tell them that Lofwyr has grounded Alamais, and is allowing runners to take the final blows at him. The team heads topside to participate, although SP and Saul hang back, fearing the dragon’s wrath. CI, TY, and Rooster all wade in, firing and hacking, and manage to avoid Alamais’ frenzied spells, claws, and tail, which take their toll amongst the runners and merc’s participating. He is eventually killed, hacked and shot to pieces in a brutal manner, as Lofwyr watches from distance, while Lung is attending his wounds. SP finds a dead merc’s comm on the battlefield, disables it’s wireless, datajacks into it, and records the slaughter (specifically against mission instructions). The team hears that there was a huge explosive spell of some sort that targeted Lofwyr during the fight, and didn’t seem to come from Alamais. Mysterious…

They get paid (although TY, being “dead” gets a funeral fund payout that is considerably lower), and arrange transport via T-bird back to CI’s homebase of Hamburg, to rest up and get some medical care while they plan the next job. Rooster is hiring them to finally complete his favor to John Caruthers, and free Patrick Henry Hughes from an Ares Macrotechnology detention facility in Detroit.

They also hear some news from the other dragon attack: apparently Aztlan and Aztechnology successfully trapped Sirrurg, luring him out by destroying one of his lairs, and then assaulting with ground, air, and naval forces, including the deployment of some kind of new manatech jetfighter with insane reactive abilities, and some sort of hyper- or anti-coagulant that targets dragons called “Blue 227”. Although they suffered massive casualties, they seem to have managed to best The Destroyer- he was either killed or ko’d while trying to cast his entropy ritual, apparently Azt used a massive ritual cast from all of their Teocallis, along with the Sextant, to counter it. It still killed everyone within a kilometer of Sirrurg, and blinded many more, but was significantly smaller in impact than previous instances. However, when Azt troops tried to close in and ascertain his fate, a huge whirlwind encompassed him, holding them at bay, and by the time it dissipated, he was gone. Where to? No one who knows is saying…

This wasn’t Aztlan’s only move, though- they launched a massive counteroffensive on the Amazonia front in and around Bogota, first using targeted killings in the city and then military brunt, turning the tide in their favor. Aztechnology also got officially involved, claiming that Amazonian agents had been attacking corp sites. The massive Azzie PR machine has been working overtime, also, to gain public support, and attempt to link Amazonia and Sirrurg in the public’s minds. They have been fairly successful in this, and things are starting to look pretty good for them all in all.

The Dragon War Explodes!
7/15/2013, 11:41:00 AM
Runners
Thankyou
Rooster
Saul Chronic
Sem-par

After landing in Seattle, Ehran the Scribe bids them farewell, as does Jane. They once again put the team up in a fancy hotel for a week, giving them time to rest up & recuperate. They also have plenty of time to think about what The Order of St George is asking them to do: either assault the dragon supremacist Alamais’ base, in GeMiTo, or head south and help Aztlan and Aztechnology lay a trap for Sirrurg “The Destroyer.” The Order is offering the same pay for either job, though participation is apparently mandatory. After some research into the Entropy power that Sirrurg has been using to kill tens of thousands of metahumans at a time, and after remembering that Azt. may be pissed at them for stealing the sextant from them, and after realizing that Azt. now has the sextant back (Lodestone having witnessed some blood spirits stealing it from the Watergate bunker after the rift explosion), and also hearing that Sirrurg is also pursuing the sextant to possibly enhance his entropy power, the team decides to go to GeMiTo. Saul calls Mir Cossint, his Saeder-Krupp contact, and she approves this course of action. She says she can’t tell him much, but that she will try to pull some strings and get them a relatively safe assignment there, as she claims to have some contacts in the assault planning group. So, it seems like more factions than just the Order are involved.

Lodestone says he can’t go on this run, and has to take care of something, and leaves. This disturbs TY, who has been getting progressively more paranoid about his & LS’ relationship, ever since LS killed Zuberi. However, noone stops him, and attempts to contact any of his known SINS or get ahold of him through Jackpoint get “message undeliverable” replies. Rooster requests that he be given access to JP in LS’ place, and Jane agrees, as the team seems to be caught up in some major events fairly frequently and JP could use their perspectives. Plus, she trusts Rooster well enough at this point. TY also tells her about the Order, and their dragon-killing and lair-raiding past. She is shocked, and somewhat appalled, although she (as usual) seems a bit more sympathetic to TY in particular, as he was being manipulated by outside forces (and LS, in this case). She helps TY make a plan to fake his own death during the assault on the GeMiTo compound, to try and get free of the Order once and for all. Rooster is left to make his own plans, having particapted of his own free will, seemingly.

They hear some news about the DC cleanup. The UCAS Thaumaturgical Corp is claiming responsibility for closing the rift after Ghostwalker’s “irresponsible” ritual. Public figures for casualties are around 600 dead in the fighting beforehand and the damage from the explosion itself, and more than 350 still missing, some of whom are thought to have been sucked through the rift while it was de-stabilizing. As some commentators point out, these numbers only reflect dead SINners, with the SINless probably doubling the total. Apparently both AZT and SK have been heavily involved in the cleanup, having been assigned the contracts by Chief Justice Hino (who the team knows to be an AI construct, controlled by Evo Corporation).

SemPar, meanwhile, has been obsessing over the Wuxing Quints, especially Tou, the most mysterious one. She has never been seen uncovered, and rumors abound as to why that is. Saul refuses to give any artifact info to the Doctor Faustus Society by their deadline, and is presumably now wanted by Interpol: looks like he’s a fulltime shadowrunner now! They also catch some interesting news items. Hestaby gives a UN address, breaking the closed draconic ranks and demanding that Sirrurg be declared a war criminal, as well as calling for human concessions and greater inter-species cooperation. She also askes that Sirrurg and his followers be captured alive if possible, and vows to help imprison him if needed, so long as dragons are involved in his tribunal. She says that breaking ranks like this will cost her in influence amongst her kind. For her trouble, there is shortly thereafter an attack on her Mt. Shasta compound, seemingly a diversion during which the leader of the Shasta Shamans is assassinated, using a German-made sniper rifle. Rumors fly that Lofwyr is either involved or being framed. The UN follows H’s advice, and declares Sirrurg a war criminal, though Azt. has vowed to kill him on their own, claiming to have developed potent anti-dragon tech.

In response, Hestaby flies to Dubai and completely disassembles the SK Mideast HQ building there, having given the staff time to evacuate, and using spirits to haul out the security personnel who try to remain onsite. This bloodless demonstration of power seems pretty clear in its intent, though Lofwyr does not respond in any known way, although SK corp policy changes to require staff to stay onsite during such events in the future, effectively telling Hestaby she won’t be able to avoid casualties if she wants to try this again. The team also hears reports on shadownets of proxy wars in Asia between Triads and Yakuza associated with the great dragons Lung and Ryumyo, as well as raids on SK and NeoNET assets and facilities by anti-dragon groups, including St George, Sons of Siegfried, and Roland’s Sword. Alamais has apparently also been hiring runners to hit SK execs, which Saul gets some info on- family always fights hardest, indeed. Rumors on JP and other sites are floating around that suggest that these orders are often used as proxies in squabbles between dragons- a discomforting thought.

TY also notices a series of posts not assigned to any user that occasionally appear on JP- there’s a lot of internal specualtion as to who (or what) is behind them, but they don’t seem malicious or duplicitous, and occasionally quite helpful. Meanwhile, LS ditches all his SINs (and his JP membership), and heads to Montreal, to link up with his family: a cousin was recently killed for trafficking dragon reagents. LS attends the funeral, passes off Baelor to a young relative, and uses Ehran’s special fund to purchase a fancy new SIN and head to Karavan. He gives the Order of SG a bunch of info on the events at the Watergate Bunker (and about the artifacts) in order to avoid the 2 dragonslaying missions.

Hestaby gives an interview, this one somewhat rambling and much more self-serving seeming than the UN address. She trashes both Alamais, which is notable as being the first corp media mention of the GeMiTo crisis, and Lofwyr, less surprisingly. Shortly after, reports of a large ritual at Mt. Shasta and its sudden dispersal coincide with a large explosion (visible from sat feeds) at Alamais’ compound. It does any unknwon amount of damage, but the surviving dragons descend on GeMiTo and give it the worst day it has seen yet: over 3000 dead and significant portions of the city destroyed. This seems to be an untargeted revenge attack, as they aren’t even eating most of those they kill.

The team gears up for the Alamais assault, and heads to a staging area 60k south of GeMiTo. While they are waiting in the camp there for the rest of the assault force to arrive, they hear a rumor that disturbs TY and SP greatly: GOD is developing (and preparing to roll out) new matrix protocols, which hackers on JP are calling “unhackable”, at least using current tech. FastJack and some others also received (and posted) challenges by GOD to attempt to hack some nodes using the new protocols, with the promise that they would not be punished it caught doing so. FJ attempted it, failed, was tracked down by LoneStar, and then just let go. He reports that he is developing a new style of “cyberdeck” that he thinks will be capable of interacting with these new protocols, but that it will be a real cobbled-together affair at first. The members of JP (which leans heavily towards technomancers and hackers) is pretty distressed, for obvius reasons, but a few members are stoked to be calling themselves “deckers” again.

After the last of the merc’s trickle in, a man calling himself Scale gives everyone (roughly 1000 assembled, with large merc groups sporting tanks, planes, choppers, and mobile command vehicles, spellslingers, and smaller runner teams included) a common TacNet frequency to subscribe to for battle updates, and distributes safe target software that he says is required. Shortly thereafter, the dragons (including 2 greats) arrive- after some initial panic, it is revealed these are ally dragons (to the team’s surprise: what have they gotten into?). Lofwyr himself arrives last, to their surprise, and the mood in the camp is pretty tense. The dragons confer and then Scale passes on orders: everyone is forbidden from taking any souvenirs or any recordings of dead or dying dragons, punishable by death. Some mercs balk and leave but most stay. The column advances. The team is riding in an APC towards the rear: they are 1 of 3 teams assigend to enter the compound and secure certain targets inside once the main force breaches the walls. As such, they will be brough to an FOB/safehouse to wait until the path in is clear, conserving their strength. The column comes under attack during the journey, but they are too far back to catch any action, and reach the safehouse intact.

They wait for the better part of the day as the battle rages some kilometers distant, until a guide shows up to bring them to the front, saying the mercs have finally reached to wall and started rigging breaching charges. He introduces himself as Castiron, and after some mockery from the team about his neotenic appearance, he says that he would prefer no jokes. He fills them in on the battle so far: GeMiTo- Here Be Dragons, and they all load up and head out on foot.

GeMiTo- Here Be Dragons
7/13/2013, 9:07:00 AM
Runners
Introducing Serge “Castiron” Merkel

Castiron, having abandoned Berlin, the sight of his youthful utopia and subsequent disillusionment, has been running with some Antifa cells in Hamburg for the last few years. Hunting Human Supremacists has been good for him: a chance to hone his skills and channel his anger. His unique abilities bring him to the attention of a Black Star recruiter in Hamburg, who is working on assembling 2 new cells: one to travel to Amazonia and join the struggle against Aztlan, and one to travel to GeMiTo and help the denizens of that feral sprawl survive Alamais’ dragon supremacists’ assault. CI agrees that his skills in urban survival and improvised weaponry will fit better in GeMiTo than in the jungle, so he joins that cell, and heads south.

After 6 months surviving in GeMiTo, and witnessing the death or flight of all the other members of his cell, CI is struggling to keep the mission afloat. He is doing what he can to help the locals, but he has limited resources, and his childlike appearance make many reluctant to take his advice seriously. A few days ago, a large explosion echoed from Alamais’ compound, and shortly after, the dragons emerged in force, destroying large portions of the city in a few hour-long rampage that reeked of revenge. They killed wantonly, instead of hunting for prey, and left thousands of dead crushed, burning, and eviscerated in the streets. CI’s last remaining comrade was killed while trying to protect civilians holed up in a school. CI only survived due to his natural pragmatism- he recognized that his day was a battle he could not win, so he hid, and lived.

Shortly after this, he was contacted by a man calling himself Scale, who made CI a proposition: if CI helped the people that Scale represents to scout out and stage a military assault on Alamais’ compound, he could not only help free GeMiTo from the dragon supremacists’ terror, but would also make a sizable amount of money. CI agrees, and begins guiding in spec ops types, who start clearing routes through the city, and scouting out ambush sites and the like. He also guides in a number of supply airdrops, including some weapons he is told to distribute to able GMT denizens. CI notices that these weapons all have their recording functions disabled and have a safe-target system installed, but he distributes them, feeling that anything helps.

After about a month of laying the groundwork, CI is called by Scale out to a staging area, 60K south of the sprawl center. When he arrives, he is stunned to find close to 1000 mercs and runners assembled there, many with tanks, choppers, T-birds, and a large collection of heavy weaponry. There are also a number of spellslinger crews and spirit (and anti-spirit) focussed teams. Scale, a drake, directs them into platoons, and tells them to await further commands. They wait a few hours, and then the dragons begin to arrive. After some initial panic, the mercs realize these are ally dragons, and about 20 arrive in total, including 2 greats: Lung and Arleesh. CI is a bit intimidated, and tensions in the camp run high. Much speculation abounds as to who they are ultimately working for. After one of the lesser dragons kills some mercs who are “crowding” him, he is summarily executed by the other dragons, torn apart in seconds, on the orders of Scale, who says that Lofwyr has ordered peace be upheld in the camp. Scale also warns that everyone must use their safe-target systems, and that anyone who accidentally (or otherwise) hits a dragon will be dealt with similarly. They are also warned to under no circumstances take any souvenirs, or record any dragon deaths. A chill runs through the camp at the extreme violence, and more so at the arrival of their employer: Lofwyr.

The huge golden dragon descends on the camp, dwarfing the others. The dragons all split off and hold a private conference, before announcing that the assault force will begin moving. CI is instructed to ride in one of the tanks, guiding one of 3 columns along a route he helped scout out. They encounter a deadly ambush, but clear it and advance. Clouds magically roll in as they approach the compound, likely to block satellite observation. A daylong battle ensues, with both side’s lesser dragons tearing into each other (and the ground forces), with spells, spirits, traps, and weaponry of all sorts coming into play. Alamais’ dragons seem more powerful, and larger, perhaps providing some proof to his theory that they are “meant” to hunt metahumans. The greats all hang back, and Alamais is nowhere in sight. Mercs storm out of the compound, seemingly having been hired by Alamias, but the smaller force is quickly routed by Lofwyr’s dragons, with some switching sides when they realize that Alamais’ dragons and spirits are targeting all metahumans indiscriminately. They finally advance on the compound, only to find themselves in the midst of a minefield as a new wave of dragon supremacists arrive and attack. The greats finally get involved, killing many of the new arrivals, and Arleesh and the remaining lesser dragons chase the few survivors as they attempt to flee. Alamais finally takes to the sky, and Lung makes a move to intercept him, but Lofwyr signals that he will take this one, and flies up to meet his brother in draco-a-draco combat. They slice, bite, and sling spells at each other while tearing through the skies.

The mercs finally reach the walls, and begin rigging breaching charges- they report this will take about an hour. Between the dead and the wounded, and even including the reinforcements from Alamais’ mercs, they number less than 300 effective now. CI is called back from the front by Scale, operating from some sort of mobile command vehicle, and told that he will be escorting in 1 of 3 fresh runner teams assigned with completing mission inside the compound itself, while the remaining merc forces hold the perimeter against remaining spirits and any more “surprises”. CI makes his way via groundcraft and on foot back to a forward operating base established out of sight of the compound, in some ruined buildings, and meets the team he is to escort in.

Airships, Pirates, AI's, UV nodes, Dragons, Artifacts and a Rift
7/3/2013, 9:24:00 AM
Runners:
Lodestone
Rooster
Thankyou
Saul Chronic
Sem-par
and the return of Atlas Park

Atlas, owing Nikolai Morozov a great debt for getting the team off of Mars (and getting Atlas his pain editor at a discount on short notice), and feeling adrift after Jason Park adandoned him for the Yakuza, goes back to work for Evo Corporation. He does odd jobs, moving product, protecting shipments, etc, until Morozov calls him in for a training session one day, and tells him that instead they will talk. He is conducting an investigation into Evo’s possibly involvement with the blackmail or manipulation of Corporate Court Chief Justice Hino, at the behest of a contact of his in Lone Star Security Services’ DC-based drug enforcement division. This contact, Majia Wright, has had a number of cases (related to Tempo and other things) go to the court and get quashed by Hino, unexpectedly based on her voting records. The decisions have uniformly benefited Evo and Aztechnology, and Morozov wants to know what part they are playing in this if any. So, he tells Atlas to look into it, quietly and unofficially.

Atlas begins by looking into the last person he can find evidence of having had a physical meeting with Hino, an old friend named Vance. Atlas almost falls into a sophisticated trap while tracking Vance down, but avoids it due to scrupulous research, and is now sure that something is up. The real Vance tells him that he hasn’t seen Hino in over a year, and hasn’t spoken to her in months, and that she had been acting oddly for many months before that. He attributed it to the stress of the job and orbital life getting to her, but now is not so sure, based on Atlas’ suspicions. Atlas goes to meet Wright to share this info, but she is assassinated right as they are about to meet. Atlas manages to grab her comm and flee the scene, returning to Vladivostok after hiding out for a few days.

Morozov has the data analyzed, and sends Atlas to Zurich Orbital to try to verify Hino’s presence/health. Atlas poses as a a laborer during the semi-annual supply run, and has 4 days to get the info before he’ll be stuck there for 6 months. He finds out that Hino hasn’t been seen in person for over a year, and that she has been communicating and issuing decisions solely via matrix (which is legal, but unusual). After his attempts to reach her chambers hit a wall, he is contacted by a paralyzed teenage hacker, who tells him that she has been working on a secret program (at a higher-up’s order) to maintain a digital persona of Hino, who is not aboard the station. She has helped keep this fact a secret, and gives Atlas a chip with the Earthside locations that the transmissions were beamed from, telling him that this is her revenger against her boss, who she has come to believe played a part in her father’s death/disappearance a few years back.

Atlas cuts his arm open, faking an accident, and slips the datachip into the wound, before getting sewed up and heading back down the gravity well. Morozov tells him to go check out the locations. He starts in Madrid, and finds an empty 3-story office building, scrupulously cleaned. However, on a closer look, he finds some dried blood smeared on the underside of a desk, and uses it to gain access to a biometric lock in an office, finding what looks like the remains of a secret basement computer lab. He kills 2 runners there, who are in the final stages of cleaning the site. He goes to the next spot on this list, getting some info from a spirit of unknown origin on the way. Once in Krakow, he uses the spirit’s info to gain access to an identical building, this one populated. He kills the exec in the identical office, and uses him to gain access to the bio-lock. He kills 4 guards in the basement, and retrieves some data, before jumping out of a 3rd story office building window, with security shooting at him, to make good his escape. He lays low with a local gunrunner to heal up, and sends the data to Morozov.

Morozov sends him back to Vladivostok, where he track down someone in charge of this program, who spills the beans in exchange for her life: Hino is dead, and is being impersonated by a massively expensive and advanced program to simulate an e-ghost persona based on her. Morozov needs proof of her death, and Atlas gets the name of the facility where her body is stored: an Evo subsidiary that supposedly does oceanic research, south of the city. He infiltrates the building, approaching underwater and cutting his way in through an access cage for paracritters. He sneaks through the building, before finding a secret elevator on what he thought was the top floor- he kills 2 guards and gains access. It seems there is a hidden partial floor, concealed by the pyramidal roof design. He finds Hino’s body, and gets a DNA sample, as well as a toetag referring to the “Dickens Program”. He also finds evidence of experiments being performed on paracritters and metahumans, including a skull-less man he later ID’s as a Vladivostok-based technomancer.

With this info in hand, he manages to escape the facility, and clear his debt to Morozov, who tells him this gives him the leverage he may need to make a play in the internal Evo power struggle unfolding. Atlas then flies to Hong Kong, to meet up with his old team and make some money.

Meanwhile, across the ocean in Seattle, the team meets up with Ehran the Scribe, after surviving an ambush by security personnel who may work for the Atlantean Foundation. They are told that they will fly to Hong Kong to retrieve one half of the final artifact, Shantaya’s Compass (part of an astrolabe on a chain, apparently), which Ehran believes he can combine with the other artifacts to gain much insight into astral navigation, and begin better mapping astral space, as well as performing a ritual on all of the components to reduce the threat of someone misuing them for their own purposes. The team agrees, though TY delays his travel to speak to investigators at the airport about his and LS’ involvement in the attempted bombing of their suborbital flight, in order to clear his and LS’s names. Ehran mediates this, to avoid TY being taken into custody for having fled the scene. TY also swaps his bulked up cyberarms for slimber, less capacious models, to have a less IDable appearance.

The rest of the team, arriving in HK, is met by Penelope Wang, Ehran’s local driver. She puts them up at the ultra-fancy Peninsula hotel, although SemPar splits off, having heard of a place he can stay from Edmund “Ralf” Rafelnzo. SP justifies this by saying that se is setting up a safehouse, but the rest of the team is mildly suspicious. Through Wang, the team meets a local Triad named Beauregard Shan, who will trade them info on the museum they need to steal from in exchange for them freeing his lover from an arranged marriage. They agree, and successfully kidnap/rescue the bride-to-be on her wedding day, possibly making an enemy of the Smoke Circle Triad. Shan gives them detailed museum info, and the team plans to make their move (swapping the artifact for a fake) shortly after the exhibit is installed, during the dinner of the opening-night gala.

Meanwhile, Rooster, under the guise of gathering info, goes to check out a club he heard about from a friend, and finds what seems to be the most boring bar on Earth: “The Myriad Dream”. That is, until he takes some Red Orchid! The hot new drug that the Smoke Circle Triad is pushing, it seems to allow him to astrally travel some distance, and perceive the emotive performance onstage at the club, which makes sense now. He also notices what seems to be a back room, but crashes back to his body (which he has some difficulty locating) as the drug wears off. He is instantly addicted, and vows to return to explore further.

SP hacks the museum node, and gets Rooster an invite with a brand-new SIN. He attends the gala, and sneaks upstairs during the media firestorm surrounding the Wuxing Quints arrival. He fastalks his way past security, as SP hacks cameras and sensors, and makes the swap. However, he fumbles it and alerts onsite security- SP cancels the alert, but Rooster needs to make a quick escape before anyone checks it out. Randomly, 2 young kids approach him, saying that they recognize him as a shadowrunner, and can help him escape if he helps them become runners too. Rooster, loving a good story, agrees. The rest of the team is surprised to seem him emerge onto the waterfront museum docks with 2 kids in tow, but they do seem to have a good command of the museum’s node. SP sneaks off to rendevouz with Wang with the real artifact, while the rest of the team visibly takes off with a dummy case on a water taxi. They flee to the container port, where Shan puts them up in a triad safehouse in an empty shipping Isotainer. SP joins them there, and Wang leaves with the compass to give it to Ehran.

The kids introduce themselves as Chang-Xiao and Jian-Min, 2 orphans who have hid out in the museum for the last few months, vowing never to return to the orphanage. Rooster and SP are really into it, the rest of the team not so sure. TY and Atlas arrive, and wait in the Peninsula Hotel, while SP drops the kids off at the border of Kowloon Walled City, the local z-zone, where he has arranged for them to be taken in by a techno tribe based out of the Whampoa, having made this connection though his friend ZIPit. They then go to a local merc bar, the Drunken Monkey, to meet some local runners who apparently stole the other half of the artifact (according to info that Jane has unearthed). This team sells them the location that their face went to sell the chain: the roving city Karavan, currently located in the Hindu Kush in the southern mountains of Afghanistan. They arrange to fly there with a local smuggler, Sergei Vipin, but run into some trouble on the way when they get caught in the Maya Cloud storm surrounding Tibet. They are forced to land, and endure a paranoid night of spirit hositility, massive illusions and mind tricks, and terrifying noises. Rooster does his best to hold everyone together, and they emerge unscathed, and reach Karavan the next day, the storm having receded with the dawn.

They encounter a massive trade bazaar composed of almost every type of imaginable vehicle, parked and built onto in such a way as to create a complex system of alleyways and open squares, which could be dissasembled and on the road in a few hours. Looming over it all, 2 massive airships. They all receive a copy of the Yassa, the rigid code under which all Karavanli live, and which all are expected to enforce. They read it carefully, as many of the violations are punishable by death. They trade for info, and discover that the chain has been gifted to the Kizillkristal tribe, who control the airships, specifically Captain Miia. While finding this out, Atlas rebuffs a marriage proposal from a young woman from one of the tribes (having carefully read the Yassa, he rejects her offer of a gift, which would have betrothed them), angering her, but they assuage the tribe with an unfusion of goods. While travelling the city, TY stumbles into a woman, causing her to drop a package. She asks him to pick it up, which he does, but is then unable to find her. Inside is a blackened human heart, which has no astral presence and regenerates injuries done to it. Disturbed, they debate leaving it or keeping it, and decide to keep it, feeling they could at least trade it for something perhaps.

Eventually, seeking airship passage, they manage to trade the disturbing heart to the Pjelykost tribe for a berth on the Aman Iki’s next scouting voyage, leaving that evening. They board, encountering a surly dwarven steward, who mocks them incessantly while aboard. They have a fancy feast, a custom for the first night of a trip, and everyone is shocked when an elderly Azanian crewman, Nelson Rosslee, recognizes TY. They retreat to a cabin and catch up, with TY learning much about his youth, family, village, and past, and Nelson overjoyed to find a living tribesman, having thought them all to have perished in the attack so many years past. He tells TY to stay in touch, and to get revenge for him as well if he gets the chance.

After the feast, LS and Atlas hook up with various crewmembers, while Saul finds an exterior view to ponder life. He had earlier conferred with Jane about the heart, and was told it could have a shedim connection, which disturbed him greatly. TY, SP, and Rooster stay in their quarters. They are all awoken by the sound of gunfire from the upper portions of the ship. SP sounds an alarm on the public node, hust before it is shut off, and the team heads upstairs, telling others to keep to their quarters. They find a 1/2 dozen dead and injured Kizilkristal guards on the way, and LS saves one of their lives. They find a group of Japanese shinobi stealing from the large storage room that the airship uses to house all of the gifts the the tribe is given, and dropping dozens of flying drones into the air outside a tear they have cut in the hull. The team bests them, as they fight a delaying action, with most of the shinobi escaping using squirrel suits, though Atlas kills one (kicking him into a compatriate and sending both flying out of the hole), TY shoots down another as they zip out of range, and a 3rd suicidally detonates an explosive to allow the others more time to escape. Sadly, it seems the only thing they actually stole was the chain! Examining the drones left behind, and the corpses, and parsing their cover story for being aboard, they determine them to be acting on behalf of the Yakashima corporation. While hatching a plan with Miia to attack the corp, and get revenge/get the artifact back, the team suddenly blacks out, and awakens in prison garb, in small cells, in an unknown location, unsure how they arrived.

They manage to escape the cells, and travel through a series of mysteriously opening doors, eventually retrieving their gear and getting their comms back on (though Rooster is still at a reduced capacity, as his geas hasn’t been fulfilled for some days). They encounter a woman in a computer lab, who introduces herself as SYD and asks for their help escaping the building, telling them she has been opening doors for them and preventing cameras and sensors from alerting more guards. She tells them they are in a Yakashima building in Neo-Tokyo. They flee through an empty parking garage, and into what seems to be the Neo-Tokyo night, but as soon as the cross past the security fence, they once again black out and awaken in jail cells. SP ID’s this as having been a UV node, which they exited by “escaping”. However, the facility seems to be the same, and they now know some things about the layout, and seem to have an ally on the inside. LS is once again freaking out due to all of his foci, and his pain editor, being deactivated, causing him crippling addiction-related tremors. Everyone is shocked to see him this way.

They once again make their way upstairs, though everything seems a bit harder this time. They retrieve their gear, and SP kills a guard with their monofil whip, becoming somewhat horrified at what it is capable of only after- they are also somewhat shocked that the rest of the team doesn’t even bat an eye at the gore. They return to the lab, and don’t find SYD, although they do find a small harddrive that she insisted on bringing the first time they escaped. They grab it, and she tells them that the chain they seek is a few floors up, although she has much less access to security above the floor they are on. SP and SYD stay behind to provide hacking support while the team ascends. They clear floors, killing or ko’ing guards as they go to leave a clear escape route, while SP hacks sensors to stay off. They eventually reach a security office, but have alerted the guard within, who nearly kills LS with a grenade launcher- LS once again feels himself pulled back from the brink of the Dark Realm by a grounding force, which feels like his spirit friend, Baelor. They kill the guard, and TY grabs the launcher. The chain isn’t here, so they head for Yakashima’s office on the top floor. SP and SYD deactivate the turrets and cameras here, and they enter, finding the office unlocked. A lifelike trid projection of Yakashima greets them, and congratulates them on besting his security. He gestures to the chain on his desk, and tells them to take it and give their regards to Master Ehran- he seems to concede defeat, at least for now. They grab the chain, and flee, relieved that when they exit this time, they seem to be in reality. SYD leaves them, jumping into the Neo-Tokyo grid, but leaves a contact to call her at.

They all have a number of increasingly frantic messages, and after responding to Jane’s, they get a ride to a safehouse- she apparently had followed them as far as NT and was trying to locate them. She suggests they leave quickly, as Atlas is persona non-grata with the local Yakuza, and Yakashima may make a move to recover the artifact. Jane arranges transport out for the team, with the chain, aboard the Calico Ghost Town, a smuggling/shipping vessel captained by Erika Gwyn. Jane herself will once again fly seperately to try to draw off pursuers. They leave, and after a few days at sea are assaulted by pirates, who they quickly fight off after Gwyn offers them money. However, the pirate attack (wittingly or not) seems to have been a distraction while a stealth chopper approached from the rear and begins dropping a team onto the bridge. LS manages to cut their rappelling lines with an acid wave, and damage the ruthenium coating on the chopper. TY begins gunning at it, and manages to clip it with an EMP grenade and some high-ex, doing some damage and seemingly causing the rigger to revert to manual control. The EMP also fries the ships bridge equipment, as well as Saul’s comm. Saul casts a quick barrier spell, absorbing the strike teams gunfire for a round, as they get back to their feet. The chopper fires down the deck at TY, Atlas, and SP, to try to keep them pinned. A and SP advance while TY provides covering fire, though he is ko’d and heavily injured by the choppers machine gun. Mages, seemingly inside the chopper, manage to banish Baelor, who has been sent to attack their craft, and cast spells at A and SP to delay their arrival. Saul massively overcasts a stunball at the strike team, ko-ing them all, as well as himself and Gwyn. LS, in desperation, follows up with a massive acid wave, killing 3 of the 5 strike team members outright. The other 2 reawaken from stimpatch autoinjection, and begin ascedning new rappelling lines dropped from the chopper, seemingly intent on escape. The chopper kills LS with it’s machine gun, though he is once again pulled back from the brink of death by a grounding spirit. He vows to retire after this mission, and to slay the Dark Realm spirit, so that he will not go there when he one day dies for real.

Having fought off the assault, they heal up for the rest of the voyage, and reach Portland. Ehran requests that they get to DC ASAP, as someone stole the sextant from him and brought it there, destabilizing the Watergate rift. He has someone else on retrieving the sextant, but needs them to bring him the chain to use all of the artifacts in a ritual to try to save DC. He offers further pay, and they accept. The hire Ricky Steelsky to smuggle them to DC on a T-bird, while SP takes a commercial flight to confuse or split pursuers. They arrive, and rendevouz at the airport, with TY driving one of Ehran’s Nightsky limos. They are attacked on the streets of DC while driving through crazy traffic (mostly fleeing town) and avoiding police/army barricades with matrix assistance from SYD. They fight off the car full of runners pursuing them, and then TY makes an incredible check to keep them from flipping as a massive shockwave blasts out from the Watergate bunker- they jump the car straight over the army barricades, and manage to all stumble out, relatively unhurt. The pavement is buckled and damaged, and the car’s wrecked, so they proceed on foot, with Rooster delaying to command all the nearby army personnel not to attack them.

They are about halfway to the bunker when a chopper swings out into the street behind them and opens fire- the first few bursts scatter over the area, but Atlas quickly goes down once they focus fire. TY dodges and weaves to avoid the same fate, and they reach the steps, just as an orange great dragon descends from the sky above, wrapping the chopper in a bubble of energy and setting it down on the ground, still contained. Atlas auto-injects and rejoins the group. They recognize the orange dragon as Hestaby, and enter the bunker to find a familiar painted elf man, Aina Dupree, an elderly man, Ehran (with the Phaistos Disc and Compass disc), Jane (with the Piri Reis map), and 2 more ex-Tir Princes (carrying the sextant). Ehran tells Saul and LS to stay inside, and Jane tells the rest of the team to guard the entrance. A Persian woman also enters, carrying a sealed box. After her arrival, the rift pulses again, pulverizing the roof of the bunker building. Ghostwalker appears far above, and descends into the building, smashing another chopper on his way in. He reaches out for all of the artifacts, and Ehran requests the chain from Saul, who passes it over. With the artifacts spinning in the air before him, GW performs some sort of ritual, which seems to pull mana from everyone in the room, without their ability to resist- the rift expands, and GW enters just as it snaps shut. Time seems to slow down as a huge wave of force blasts out. Dupree seems to be trying to cast some sort of defensive spell to try to redirect it, and almost everyone inside drops from the massive drain from the ritual. None of them seem to have expected GW to do what he did. LS, barely hanging on to consciousness, sees 3 large blood spirits manifest and grab the sextant. He tries to slay one, and damages it greatly, but it is absorbed into one of its compatriots, which grows stonger, and LS passes out without seeing more.

The rest of the team, outside, is sent flying. Atlas and TY manage to land on their feet and avoid any damage, but Rooster and SP are heavily injured. Buildings and streets nearby are heavily damaged, and the nearby soldiers begin advancing toward the remains of the bunker as they watch. They race inside, and grab LS, Saul, Jane, and Ehran to get them out of there, seeing the dragons fleeing, and others limping off. Dupree looks dead, and the painted elf seems distraught. They flee, carried by a massive air spirit, as the military closes in.

Once out of central DC, they link back up with Steelsky, and get smuggled back to Seattle, where Ehran pays off their debts, and presents the team with 4 small tokens: when activated with a power word, each will set off a ritual, the effect of which will last for 1 hour, or thereabouts. Each has a different, potent effect, and will surely prove useful to the team in runs to come. They swear to leave artifacts alone for a while, and decide to take some time and rest up. However, The Order of St George gets in touch and tells LS, Rooster, and TY that they are honor-bound to participate in one of two upcoming missions (their choice). In concert with Aztechnology (the new possessors of the Sextant), they can assault Sirrurg, the Destroyer, ending his depradations once and for all. Or, they can return to Europe, and join the massive assault on Alamais’ dragon supremacist lair near GeMiTo. They have 1 week to decide. LS tries to talk his way out of participation, offering details of the events at the Watergate Bunker, for propagandizing purposes, and is told that this contribution may suffice, if he can also convince some others to participate in the dragon fighting. They try to decide what to do…..

Murdered Back to Life
6/9/2013, 12:30:00 PM
Runners:
Lodestone
Rooster
Thankyou
Zuberi
and introducing Sem-par

Lodestone waits in the hospital with the coma-state Zuberi until the ex-Tir Paladins that Ehran the Scribe sent finally arrive. Rooster and LS grab a drink, and Rooster secretly slips some nanotags into LS’ drink, as part of the setup for an epic prank (having been getting the itch from his trickster mentor spirit). Rooster then says his goodbyes, and flies to Montreal, before heading for the backcountry domicile of LS’ clan. Their anti-government libertarian philosophies leave them a bit suspicious of the smooth-talking outsider, but Rooster is eventually able to convince them of his plan to throw a surprise birthday celebration for LS, by luring him to a party using a fake kidnapping of his family as the ruse. He travels with them to Seattle, to rendevouz with LS and TY (and maybe Zuberi?) once they arrive.

Saul takes off to visit Mir Cossint, in order to make amends for sullying her name by stealing from the Doctor Faustus Society while attending their gala on her invitation. Wanting to stay in good with Saeder-Krupp, he needs to make this right, so he tells the team he will meet them when he is able.

The Paladins arrive, and LS helps them set up, while TY provides security. Their combat hacker hooks Zuberi up to UV node via a sophisticated trode array, and they wake him up in the UV node, which he takes as reality, filtered through whatever drugs they have him on. LS fills Zuberi in on the true nature of the Dark Realm, based on his research and his recent near-death experience. Zuberi doesn’t seem super receptive, and tries to cast some spells- being in a UV node, he is surprised to find himself unable to access his usual mana source. He assaults the two Paladins in the node, and they easily ko him. LS then suggests that they medically kill Zuberi, allowing him to see the Dark Realm for himself, and then resucitate him. They do so.

Zuberi sees the Dark Realm, and recognizes that the ritual he has been performing has been sending people’s spirits there as he thought. However, there is a 2nd, hidden portion of the ritual that he is able to determine is a form of the sacrifice metamagic which is powering the slaughter spirit with whom his ancestors made their fatal pact. It seems the spirits are ripped apart or possibly destroyed in the process- this is not the wya he was taught the DR would be. As he slips further from life, he finds himself pulled towards a dark swirling mass of pain, suffering, and terror- a sort of elemental fear encompasses him. He initially resists being brought back to life, wishing to learn more. He is able to deduce the basics of a ritual to break the spirits connection to it’s personal area of the metaplance, and then brought back to life by the paladins, after some sort of spiritual energy tentacle reaches out of the dark swirling mass encompassing much of his sphere of vision, heavily injuring, and ending his resistance to the healing that the Paladins are offering.

Zuberi tells LS that he will help him banish this spirit, who Zuberi sees as an impostor in the DR. LS insists that Zuberi must stop doing the ritual, and sending people there, and powering the spirit. But Zuberi says that he will defeat the spirit and take over the DR for himself, and continue on to his destiny of being the last living being. LS tells the Paladins to kill him, as he is totally intractable. They run a fatal feedback loop through Zuberi’s mind, erasing his personality and sending him into a permanent vegetative state- they wish to leave his body alive to deny the spirit the additional power it would gain from Zuberi’s death. Zuberi experiences a rising wave of ecstasy ending in his dissolution- which he believes is his personal ascension to the Dark Realm, though his quest is incomplete. Zuberi was idly drawing out his ritual to separate the spirit from the source of it’s power on the bedsheet in his own blood while they had their convo, and LS makes note of the symbols, to be analyzed later.

TY is disturbed by the fact that LS would turn on as old an comrade as Zuberi, fearing for his own longterm safety, but keeps it to himself, as Zuberi was a bit of a problem. TY and LS head to the airport, Ehran having wired them money to purchase tickets on a suborbital business flight to Seattle to meet in person. The Paladins say they will deal with storing Zuberi’s body, using his collection of gems to pay for his upkeep. TY, feeling paranoid, checks out the other passengers, but doesn’t get anything notable. They both have their ’ware deactivated, and LS is put in mage cuffs, which will deliver a powerful shock if he tries to go astral of cast any spells.

At the height of the semi-ballistic’s arc, TY notices a man slump over half the plane up. The steward approaches the man, and is grabbed by his seatmate, who has freed himself from his restraints (being in super low-g, these are mandatory), and who appears to have his ‘ware active, as he pops out some cyberclaws to menace the steward with. He claims to have had a bomb implanted in his head, and says that his co-conspirator on the plane will detonate it if the people on the plane don’t kill LS and TY. He also says that he has taken out the Corporate Air Marshal, pointing to the slumped man. TY bursts his bonds as LS casts a spell, risking the shock. He drops the hijakcer with an overpowered stunbolt, but between the drain and the magecuff shock, he is ko’d also. As the hacker loses consciousness, he says “Hamshallow sends his regards…” which disturbs the team. TY leaps to the front, and after intimidating the steward to get together, they pry the emergency escape open, and chuck the hijacker out, just before he explodes. TY almost falls out of the plane also in the decompression rush, but is just able to haul himself back in. The pilot deploys emergency oxygen (not having lot of control over the arc-ed portion of their flight), and advises everyone to hold on tight during descent and pressurization. TY hops back to his seat, hooks LS up to his mask so he doesn’t suffocate, and then leaps forward again, and straps into the erstwhile hijacker’s seat, as his straps were ruined.

They land safely, and the steward, a dwarf who introduces himself as Luca Barone helps them escape (pretending that they are forcing him), just before they plane is boarded by airport security- they also had a military jet escort flying in. Barone thanks them for saving his life (and the plane), and tells them that he will try to safely get their luggage to them, and gives them his contact for when they have somewhere to have it delivered. They flee, with Baelor providing concealment. They are briefly spotted while breaking though the fence, but manage to ditch pursuit in an industrial area nearby and find a cab. TY calls Jinichiro Utse, who tells them he can hook them up with a hacker to get all their ’ware back on (and their datatrails hacked) if they can get to Topside and pay a small fee. They agree.

Arriving at the smuggler’s bar, they find a small drone waiting for them, and a heavily modified voice (using a speaker on the drone) introduces itself as Sem-par- the drone is broadcasting the winking face emoticon in an ARO like so ;), so the team takes his name to be short for semi-colon / parenthesis. He gets their ‘ware up and running and covers their digital tracks. They contact Ehran, who tells them to get settled and get their gear before meeting up. They find a secure hotel, heal up a bit, and rendevouz with Sem-par IRL- they are a sneaky mage/hacker of indeterminate age, race, metatype, and gender decked out in full ruthenium polymer gear and a holohood expressing emoticons. SP seems eager to latch onto some recognizable ’runners, which TY sees as a good opportunity to get some local help, but LS is initially suspicious. They tell SP they will call when they’re needed again, and they leave. LS gets a strange message in a cipher, which TY eventually id’s and decrypts- it says “I have your family.”

LS panics a bit, and shortly after deciphering it receives a 2nd coded message, telling him to go to a nearby intersection and look north. He does, along with TY and SP doing some drone scouting. LS sees a nearby store ARO switch to a feed of his family sitting in a room at a table, and then receives another message, telling him he has 10 minutes to get to a distant address. He races there with SP on SP’s motorcycle while TY follows in a cab. They enter the building, and find Rooster’s surprise party for LS, and his family safe and sound- good prank, all in all! They party, and TY arrives to join in. LS tells Rooster to get SP out of there, as he doesn’t want someone he doesn’t know meeting his family, so Rooster and SP go out drinking. They seem like the perfect pair- Rooster loves telling tales, and SP loves hearing them.

The next day, they get their gear from Barone after paying some bribe money, but hear that they are wanted for questioning. They decide to contact the joygirl they heard about who might know someone who knows about Jane’s past before doing Ehran’s next job, as they are both feeling especially paranoid. They meet with SEATac Sweetie, and save her from some ganger assassins, TY soaking a bunch of gunfire as he shields her bodily, and Rooster literally disarming one of the gangers with his sword. They flee, with SS, though Rooster stays behind (after altering his looks) to distract pursuers. They scan the mind of the one ganger they ko’d and grabbed, and find that they were hired from the Redmond Barrens, given their guns and vehicles, and a picture of the target, but knew nothing else. They ditch him in an alley, alive, feeling generous.

SS tells them her name is Violet, and thanks them. She tells them she will take them to see the man they seek. They go out to his private island, which is patrolled by a bunch of home-made scrap drones and some various paranormal critters. They reach the house, and after an introduction, TY and LS sit down to dinner with an old decker named Kelvin. He tells them about Jane’s past: her origins as a go-ganger in Missouri, her encounters with Dragons and powerful elves, and her time on his team. She became their leader, but bailed on the team during an ambush, in order to get back a ring that she always wore, which their adversaries had stolen. Half the team died, and she bailed out of Seattle- he hasn’t seen her since. He retired on his earnings, and now rarely sees anyone: he just tinkers with his drones and animals, and posts on old decker boards occasionally. Kelvin resents her, to some extent, for choosing an item over the team, and warns the runners that her top priority isn’t necessarily their survival. He seems mostly just old and a bit out-of-date: his once hot tech is a decade behind, and years in the shadows took their toll. The team perhaps contemplates their futures a bit.

Heading back to the mainland, happy to know a bit more about Jane but not overly stressed about her past, they contact Ehran and tell him they are ready to meet.

Hoarders
6/3/2013, 1:44:00 PM
Runners:
Lodestone
Rooster
Thankyou
Zuberi
Saul Chronic

The Order of St George, having instructed the team to prepare to raid one of Alamais’ lairs while it is attended only by spirit guards and young dragons (if any), also tells the team that they will provide access to any equipment or weaponry needed, at a reasonable price. They stock up, TY getting a gyro-harness and HMG with APDS rounds, and everyone else getting survival gear and the like. The spellcasters all learns some new spells, specifically slay spirits and dragons. They opt to HALO jump in, and then get extracted via attack helicopter. The Order volunteers that if the team should encounter any drakes that they can’t handle, the heli can take some shots, if the team can lure the drakes outside.

They drop in, with Saul using an air spirit to help keep them all on target, and make the LZ without taking much damage from the cold, buffeting winds, and hard landing. They are almost immediately attacked by a powerful earth spirit, who they defeat, and then by a water spirit of equivalent strength, who they also defeat. They also kill 3 out of 4 watcher spirits present, but one escapes. After it is disrupted, they assense that there is a powerful illusion spell seemingly blocking a cave entrance, which was previously concealed by the spirits. They manage to pass through it, with Rooster having to coax TY, who is troubled by what feels like pushing through rock. Once inside, they defeat 2 air spirits, taking moderate damage, before they are trapped by some anchored spells dropping loads of earth over each end of the tunnel. Zuberi shapes the earth and stone back aside after the party heals (but before they suffocate), and they continue, fighting 3 more powerful spirits in the next cavern.

Another concealment ends with the spirits, and Zuberi begins shaping aside a massive 30m round by 10m thick stone plug blocking a smooth vertical shaft descending. LS sends Mordin down to investigate, but he is quickly banished by what seems to be a young feathered serpent in the cavern below. They descend on a stone elevator that Zuberi makes, sending their remaining spirits slightly ahead to attack the dragon in astral space and distract it. Their elevator is counterspelled and crumbles, but Zuberi holds it together long enough that they only drop a few meters, and avoid most of the damage. Their spirits begin the assault while the team launches spells and bullets, and Rooster buffs their courage using his abilities, to counteract the dragon’s fear effects. They are heavily injured, and some nearly killed, but they do defeat the dragon, and begin sizing up the hoard and transporting it to the surface. They find 6 pieces of valuable seeming-art that are boobytrapped with anchored spells, as well as 2 powerful artifacts (a celtic design warhammer that seems to trigger a combat spell, and a golden ring that seems to have a manipulation spell effect), and an assortment of other wealth in various forms.

TY calls it in and requests pickup, and is told to bring all the treasure except the trapped art to the surface, leave the dragon corpse alone, and destroy the boobytrapped stuff with grenades once they’re clear. They do so, Zuberi sadly leaving behind all the powerful reagents contained in the dragon’s corpse. Once in the open, Saul tries out the hammer, shooting off a powerful lightning bolt, but heavily injuring himself as he is forced to resist the massive amount of drain from the spell. He ID’s it as being possibly related to/a basis for myths of Thor’s Hammer, Mjolnir. They hear a sound approaching, and at first think it is the heli, but then recognize the sound of wings, rather than rotors. An adult dragon assaults them from over the mountains, and they desperately dodge and weave to avoid it’s spells and acidic breath. LS nearly dies, with only luck (and a friendly spirit intervening) saving him- most disturbingly, he sees where he is being pulled while dying: Dark Realm, a swirling night-black vortex of pain and suffering. There are no intact astral forms there, and it seems that anyone killed while using the dark ritual are being destroyed to feed the slaughter spirit that Zuberi’s ancestors pacted with.

Zuberi picks up the hammer, and puts on the ring: sadly it seems to be a trap of some sort, as he turns almost entirely to gold. Rooster is able to break his finger and remove the ring (and the upper 2/3rd’s of his finger), turning him back. He was lucky to have grabbed the hammer first, as it seems to have been the only thing keeping him partially ork. uses the hammer to deal a mighty blow to the dragon, before it ko’s him- he lies bleeding out, Saul is down, LS is near death, and TY’s hmg seems barely able to dent the dragon. Their spirit allies are defeated, and the situation seems truly dire, when the promised attack heli fires a missile salvo at the dragon (it seems heavily masked and obscured by active camp). The missile seems to spew out some sort of cloud, and the dragon seems to be crumbling or falling apart a bit, when Rooster saves the day and explodes it with another swing of the hammer. He nearly kills himself in the process, but hey, he killed a dragon. TY urgently stabilizes LS and Rooster, while medics come over from the heli with gear and stretchers. The side gunners begin loading the treasure aboard.

They take off, and head for the hospital. LS calls Ehran the Scribe and tells him of what he has learned of Zuberi and the Dark Realm. Ehran agrees to send some ex-Tir Paladins he knows to provide security when Zuberi is confronted with LS’ new info, to see how he responds. Obviously, they need to deal with this issue, and Zuberi could be a powerful asset, if he cooperates. If not, he may need to be killed. LS agrees, and they keep Zuberi in a medically induced coma until the Paladins arrive. The team is well paid by the Order, and are told there will be more work in the near future. Ehran also tells them to get in touch when they’re ready to chase down the next artifact, and they still have the Detroit job that Rooster owes to John Caruthers as well.

Zero ZOOOOOOOONE!
5/20/2013, 6:22:00 PM
Runners:
Lodestone
Rooster
Thankyou
Zuberi
Saul Chronic

The runners, having trashed the first MCT lab, realize that MCT will need more technomaner experimental subjects for whatever facility they are transferring to. They decide to watch some local z-zone techno tribes and see if anyone gets grabbed. Sure enough, some local-looking thugs show up and snatch a few. The team traces them back to a coffin hotel on the outskirts of Amsterdam, where they see another team also dumping some bodies. Later in the day, a more pro-seeming group comes and collects all the techno’s. Saul follows them astrally while TY tails from a distance, using the blimp to spot. They end up in an old industrial park, now a barrens, about an hour out of town. They see the new group load the techno’s into what looks like an old toy factory.

The building seems to have pretty high security, although it seems pretty tech-heavy, from what they can see. They ID it as possibly being one of MCT’s feared “Zero Zones”, the supposedly impregnable design they use for certain ultra high-security areas. They decide to take out the visible drones from a vantage across the street, and then approach while summoned spirits trash anything that tries to attack them from the building, and Saul and LS break down magical barriers and launch area spells. The building is a seemingly unpopulated wirless dead zone, so presumably witnesses will be few or non-existent, and backup will be slow to arrive.

They gain entry, with Zuberi shaping materials out of their way left and right, managing to avoid a series of devious traps that a less wary group might have triggered. Zuberi is injured and partially blinded by some sort of chemical spray, but other than that the team makes it to the building’s door unharmed, having taken out a number of security drones, 2 mages, and some sensors. Netcat and Puck report that they have come under vicious matrix assault from some deranged seeming personae, and that they will hold them off but that the team may need to disable all their wireless if it gets any worse.

Zuberi warps them into the building, and controls air to filter away some gas attacks, and then surprises the onsite security personnel by attacking through a wall instead of coming through the door. Zuberi and TY are nearly killed by assault rifle fire, but the team manages to kill the security and the scientists who survived the initial spell assault on the building. They find the kidnapped techno’s and free them, telling them to wait til they can return- it seems they arrived just in time, as the scientists had begun executing the subjects that seem to have been there longer.

They head for the basement, where the main servers seem to be, and disable their wireless after warnings from Puck and NC. Zuberi and TY are once again heavily injured by some monstrous full-body cyborgs, who lack heads and moan almost indecipherably through chest mounted speakers: “iiimmmm sooorry” and “kiiillll meeeee” and such. It is near pitch black, with only a red alarm light illuminating what seems to be a grim surgical suite, and some more cyborgs in vats, which NC and Puck say they are attempting to keep from opening. Once again, it is distressing to the team to find that although these cyborgs have very obviously lost a huge amount of essence, they are still able to use their techno abilities. The team finishes them off, and kills the ones still in the vats, before proceeding. LS turns his wireless back on to document the scene, and is quickly hacked, losing some programs and a SIN before NC is able to shut it down.

They open the door to the server room, launch in a HE grenade, and close it, having caught only a quick glimpse of a middle-aged woman frantically typing and manipulating ARO windows. They enter the room to find her dead, and the equipment heavily damaged, although it seems she had access to a satellite uplink. NC emp’s the room, and thermites all the equipment in the building to make sure it stays dead, and the team leaves, quickly, to get Zuberi and others to the hospital before they flatline from overusing stimpatches to stay in the fight. TY races back to Amsterdam, and they arrive just in time. Zuberi’s sight is returned to him, although the hopsital staff is curious as to how he encountered the rare venom that caused it. NC hacks the hospital records to get them a steep discount and obscure their ID’s, and they part ways, after she gives them the SINs/info she had offered in trade for their help. Puck says he is back off to Geneva to look further into the possible return of Pax and the Discordians.

TY receives a call from the Doctor Faustus Society, telling him that they know he and the others (who they ID by name, although everyone except Saul were using fake SINs) stole the Phaistos Disc, and they are demanding info on the disc and the other artifacts in exchange for not going to Interpol/cops/etc. LS hears from The Order of St George, who tell him they are teaming up with the Sons of Siegfried (another anti-dragon order), as well as some pro-human extremist/terrorist groups such as Humains and Alamos 20,000, to put the hurt on dragonkind for their assaults on humanity. Specifically, they will be targeting the Destroyer Sirrurg, and Alamais, who is currently using the metahuman denizens of the feral sprawl of GeMiTo as game in a hunting preserve for him and his pro-dragon extremist allies. As the team is currently in Europe, they will be raiding one of Alamais’ layers, in the Apenine Mountains. The Order requires the team to bring them everything they recover from the layer, from which they will be paid a percentage, in nuyen. The Order has also called in some favors to get the team some limited air support, in the form of a friendly military chopper, although the team has the option to assault via mountaineering on foot or a HALO jump as well. The helicopter will be used for extraction regardless. They are told to complete the job within the week, to minimize the risk of Alamais or one of his allies visiting the hoard- months of careful observation and planning are on the line, and this will be a glorious blow against the dragons (as well as a powerful recuiting tool) if the team suceeds.

Sad Men and Cats
5/7/2013, 1:25:00 PM
Runners:
Lodestone
Rooster
Thankyou
Zuberi
Saul Chronic

ThankYou is contacted by Netcat, a Jackpoint member who Jane hired to hack into TY’s secret Gilgamesh Initiative comm. She has some info, and wants to meet in a wireless dead zone, so they find a z-zone composed of old Amsterdam slum housing, in a former suburb. They meet at a squat guarded by a techno tribe who Netcat knows. NC tells TY that the comm seems to mostly have been for collecting scientific data on TY, as he appears to be some sort of test subject. There are records of infrequent downloaded updates, and NC’s best guess is that one of the IC/Agents that were running on the comm were sending suggestions to TY’s normal comm, explaining his ‘superstitions’. NC had to nuke these all to get the data, as well as bash through a bunch of milspec encryption & defusing ample databombs. Weirdest of all, someone had intruded in the system before. They didn’t seem to have edited or or destroyed anything, just glided in and looked over some stuff. The comm seemed to only have sent and received communications from the outside world when in range of pre-approved ‘safe’ networks (mostly large cities and the like). Also, the comm refers to TY as “Project Enkidu”, and records 2 contacts with “Project Boedicca”, which they determine to be referring to April O’Mally. NC offers to try to trace the in/out connections, but warns it will be difficult, and tells the team she needs some work from them first.

Her friend, also a technomancer, is missing, and she recently found some info in the deep resonance realms about where he might be. She located a message that a former Mitsuhama Computer Technologies employee tried to get out to the shadow community. Apparently, he was not secretive enough, as he has also gone missing, and his message was judiciously scrubbed from the more commonly accessible parts of the matrix. The message says that, while auditing an MCT bio-research experimental program, Tanaka found a secret lab, hidden under a clinic that an MCT subsud, Collison Biotech, operates in Amsterdam. They were doing experiements on technomancers there, and many of the ‘subjects’ did not look likely to survive long, but one of their descriptions matches NC’s missing friend. Being a closet techno himself, Tanaka was obviously concerned, and so fled MCT and tried to get the word out, in exchange for help entering the shadows (for his own safety). NC has put this together with the large amount of techno’s recently going missing from a variety of z-zones & sprawls around the world, and wants to find out what MCT is up to.

The team agrees to help, and fortunately Rooster wants to get a vocal enhancement bioware put in, so he checks into the clinic, and pays for an executive suite so that the rest of the team can come in and investigate as his “security detail.” He gets his implant while the rest of the team pokes around. Lodestone scans some minds, TY & NC hack the local node, and Saul and Zuberi do a little physical and magical surveillance. They find out that the staff of the facility doesn’t seem aware of the secret lab under the clinic, but that there is a securely locked “medical waste” room, from which 2 pickups a day are made, on a tight schedule. This room also has an elevator shaft off the back of it, leading to a small basement complex (which they see through spatial sense and radar). The node seems to be only patient files- the security systems are hardwired. They leave, after the surgery, and wait outside for someone they recognize as a guard to leave.

They follow the guard home, read his mind, and kill him and the cats he was feeding when they burst into his dingy apartment (they were making noise, and TY decided to shoot them, as he doesn’t understand pets). Rooster imitates him, using his clothes and studied mannerisms from the tacnet, verified by the blood sight spell that LS casts to make sure his face looks right from all angles. He goes into work, and bluffs his way through part of the day until it’s time for the first waste pickup. Then, the rest of the team slips in (using invisibility spells and a trid phantasm illusion to fool cameras) as Rooster distracts the other guard. They slip into the waste room (which Rooster handily propped open), and begin hacking into the elevator, while Rooster continues his day. They descend, disabling all of their wireless connections, as the elevator demands. They hack through another security door in an airlock-like decon room, and surprise a few guards patrolling nearby, killing them quickly. They find 7 living techno’s in cells, 5 of whom survive being disconnected from their life support. Tanaka is dead in the 8th cell. NC tells them to wait by the elevator, in the company of some spirits that Saul and LS summon to provide watch, until they can all escape at once.

They continue, killing more guards, and find some sort of medical room- the guards seem to be packing things up, and the facility seems largely empty- they have yet to find any scientific staff on hand. The techno’s there seem completely mentally destroyed, and die shortly after being disconnected from life support. They find the main guard room, killing 4 men playing poker before they can reach their guns. Having no wireless seems to really impede the facility’s security personnel. They proceed into the final 2 rooms and find a real horror-show: there are dozens of techno’s hooked up to a central computer array of some sort. They are in various states of physical completeness, with some having only minor implants and trodes attached/implanted, while some are missing limbs or large pieces of their torsos, and some are only severed heads or brains in nutrient vats. They are all connected to the computer, spiralling out from in in their vats, creches, and beds. The final room contains an acid vat that seems to be used to reduce failed “subjects” into a thick slurry, which is being siphoned off into some “medical waste” barrels, some of which Rooster recently loaded on a truck. They seem to be literally liquidating the facility, so NC demands they enter the computer core and find out what’s up.

TY backs her up, and they enter- her friend, who introduces himself as Puck, a name which worries TY a bit to hear. The rest of the techno’s in here seem considerably more mentally decayed- however, they seem to have maintained there access to resonance even given the massive essence loss they have all suffered due to repeated surgeries and implants. This intrigues TY, and he downloads all the available data, although NC demands that he delete all the test data, so that noone can ever benefit from this atrocious abattoir and the deeds done herein. Valuing his newly enhanced reputation as a trial member of Jackpoint, TY complies, against his wishes. They free Puck, and flee the basement, after thermite-ing the data core, and all the research materials. They bring the other survivors along with them, and decide to hide those that can fit in some of the excess empty “medical barrels” while Saul maintains invisibility spells on Zuberi, himself, TY, and one of the prisoners. They wait til the second truck arrives to collect waste, and Rooster once again distracts while they sneak/are loaded onto the truck. He works the rest of the day, and then leaves, rendevouzing with the team after they hack the gridlink on the robotruck, bring it to the z-zone, and trash it. They bring the rescues to the techno tribe that NC knows, who take them in.

Puck and the other rescues confirm that that facility was being shut down, with research moved to another locale, after Tanaka’s leak. However, they have a lead, as the MCT researchers didn’t bring any subjects with them, as they are difficult to secret out of the clinic. And, since there have still been rumors about local underclass techno’s going missing, they decide to stake out a few local tribes and see if anyone pulls a snatch & grab, and then follow them back to the new facility. Puck also says, after TY and other express concern about him (given his involvement with Deus and the 2nd matrix crash), that he was investigating some odd matrix happenings nearby when he was snatched- apparently there are some bands of dissonant techno’s calling themselves Discordians using some sort of ritual to drive free AI’s insane. Worst of all, there are rumors that they are lead by Pax, also one of Deus’ prodigy otaku, who has remained in hiding since the crash.

LS and TY also use their brand new Jackpoint access to post details of the run, to much dismay on the VPN (and some small celebrations, amongst the anti-techno ’runner set). Netcat defers to them in posting, as she is busy mining the data herself.

The Euro Trip Continues
4/8/2013, 3:46:00 PM
Runners:
Lodestone
Rooster
Thankyou
Zuberi
Saul Chronic

Jane contacts TY to suggest that as soon as he is able to leave the hospital, he should. Jane wants to switch to a different hotel, and meet TY there, sneakily, so as to hopefully throw off any pursuers who might have tracked them to the original hotel via the nanites. TY agrees, and decides to leave a bit early. He gets in a cab in the secure clinic lot, where he is accosted by a large ork man and a middle-aged woman in a suit. They seem to have access to his comm, as they paralyze his cyberlimbs and disable his communication abilities. The rest of the team only sees a looped feed of a bland-seeming cab ride. They tell him that they were hoping he could keep developing on his own, out in the world, before being brought in, but that they’ll have to make do.

They exit the parking ramp, and head down the street, as the woman starts to speak again. Almost to quickly to process (as his wired reflexes are disabled) the driver side window and windshield both shatter, and TY is showered in glass, blood, and brains as the heads of both the human and the ork explode all over him. He is jerked hard forward as the car crashes. His limbs return to his control and he heard the door locks click open, but he dives out the windshield in a burst of adrenaline. He makes a run for it as he realizes that he never heard any shots. He gets in touch with the team, and LS sends Baelor over to help conceal him. He successfully gets away, and hops a (legit this time) cab to rendevouz, while hacking his comm and rebooting to lock out the backdoor that the woman used to shut down his ’ware. The rest of the team moves to a new hotel without noticing any tails.

Jane suggests that TY and Zuberi remain with her in the room, as they would be the likeliest to get noticed, and contacts a local hacker to get everyone some new SINS in case whoever was tracking TY has all their info. She also hires a local security mage, Saul Chronic, to secure their current room and help obscure their travels. Rooster convinces Widget & The Loose Cannons to hold off on their daring rescue of Malcolm Carella while they investigate ways to get him a message. LS gets ahold of Carella’s lawyer, and they arrange to send Saul (who has a legal SIN) into the prison, posing as a legal aide, to find out what Carella wants for the info they need. The meeting happens, and it turns out that Carella wants to stay in prison- he is worried that SK (who he was working for on the job he got collared on) will try to kill him to cover their tracks, and he has just been transferred to genpop, so he thinks they’ll hit him soon.

So, he offers a deal: he’ll tell his lawyer the name of the man with the disc, if the team gets him transferred back and somehow make it obvious like SK is behind his original transfer. Widget and TY tagteam the hacking, and it appears to work, as the facility goes into a security shutdown and the lawyer passes the name along. They are looking for a man named Hermann Meyer, apparently a member of the Doctor Faustus Society chapter based in Frankfurt. They purchase tickets, and plan to travel quickly to the train station in disguise, but are waylaid in the hotel lobby by the Apep Consortium rep, Georgiy Abolev, who they foiled in Lagos. He is accompanied by two tough looking guards and a small-ish bald man who is sitting in a chair in the lobby stroking an odd looking cat. He asks where the team is going, and they all (except Jane) respond against their will with a mumbled chorus of “Frankfurt.” They decide to avoid a potentially messy shootout, and head for the station.

They arrive safely in Frankfurt after getting some rest, only to find that Meyer has recently been buried having been murdered in some sort of odd circumstance a few days back. They look into it some, and find out that he was ritually murdered in some sort of blood sacrifice that looks like a frame-up of Aztechnology, who are helping Interpol and local cops with the investigation, as they either actually aren’t involved or are trying to cover their tracks. The team also finds out that the Faustus Society is hosting a gala in 2 nights where they will be displaying a number of magical artifacts, and all the latest thaumaturgical developments will be discussed. Jane wrangles an invite with +1, and Saul calls in a favor with Mir Cossint, and gets his own ticket with +1. Jane tells TY he can probably dress up fancy and hang out nearby as a chaffer, but she suggests Zuberi stay behind- a room full of curious mages is probably the worst spot for him to be.

They find also that a man named Hans Winokur has apparently taken over Meyer’s position in the Society, and is now in charge of hosting the gala, as well as overseeing Meyer’s estate (apparently all left in trust to the Society). They figure they may have to steal it out from under the Society’s nose during the event, as the manor house/Society base is otherwise not open to non-members, and is supposedly fairly secure. Rooster also discovers that there will be an Interpol team on alert should any threats arise, fearing that Meyer’s death could perhaps be only the first event.

TY does some aerial scouting with drones, and a little system probing- it seems like the manor has high security, but much of it will be disabled in the public parts for the gala. Outside the public areas, who knows? Jane secures a towncar and they head over. The team successfully enters the gala, and using spatial sensing, social engineering, brain scanning, and a little pick-pocketing, they manage to gain access to a secret corridor hidden behind locked portal in the library. They also see a number of other parties who have been pursuing artifacts, spread throughout the gala, including Samriel Lockwood, Georgiy Abolev, a member of the Vigilia Evangelica, and 2 Aztechnology reps, who they think might be the investigators Rooster heard about at Meyer’s death scene.

LS and Saul head down the secret passage, while Rooster returns the alchemical passkey to the Faustian he stole it from and Jane tries to distract the other factions present. After winding through a series of disused servants corridors, and ending up well underground, they find a secret chamber: perhaps a lair of the True Faustians. They gain access, and find the Phaistos Disc atop a pedestal in the center of the room, with a pressure plate underneath it, hardwired. They access a nearby terminal (also hardwired), and determine the exact weight of the disc. They then make a carefully balanced pile of other artifacts from the room of the same weight (once again, using the computer), and deftly make the swap. They hear no alarms, and TY doesn’t notice the node go on alert, so they exit the way they came, while Rooster distracts people from the library with a magical tale.

Outside, Zuberi has scouted out their exit, and noticed 2 SUVs with tinted windows idling down the street. He gains control of the metal undercarriage materials of the front one, in case they give chase. Jane makes her goodbyes, and the team loads up in the car and heads out. The SUVs do follow, and LS decides to have Mordin cause one of the drivers to have an accident- however, a mage approaches Mordin in astral space and asks to talk. LS tells Mording to ignore them and crashes one of the cars. Zuberi lockes up the wheels on the other, crashing it, though he barely overcame their counterspelling. They race to the train station, where Rooster has a courier waiting with a mana case. They pop in the disc, and get out of town, headed towards the Internation Airport. Jane assenses the disc, and discovers that it’s a fake, but with LS’ help, determines that it seems to astrally guide them to the real disc, seemingly located beneath the Pyramid of the Sun complex in Sarajevo.

They book a flight to Sarajevo, using almost the last of their travel budget, and land in the wartorn city. UN peacekeepers and mercs dominate the area, and locals seem split along ethnic and factional lines. They stay at a hotel charmingly named ‘Hotel’. They find a local fixer to arrange transport to the pyramids and do some scouting. Aztechnology has apparently moved in and is excavating the area, under guard, which complicates matters. They also find that the valley of the pyramids seems to be an astral shallow with a high background count. They grab some survival gear, while TY hacks into the Azzie node. He finds some archeological info, and they decide to make there way into the temple of the Moon, hoping to gain access to what seems to be some sort of underground tunnels revealed by Azzie radar imaging.

They head out, with TY’s drones alerting them to guard patrols, and travel through the blasted countryside, first by car, and then by foot for the last 5k of the 30k journey. They sneak in, levitating over the security fence, and dodging chimeric jaguar patrols and working grad students to drop into the Moon temple. Zuberi moves earth and stone aside to allow them passage, and they descend through many layers, dimly lit by a ghostly light from the astral plane. They find some small humanoid remains, ancient and decomposed, as well as long-decayed traps and some astrally active runes that seem to match with markings on the artefacts they’ve seen. They eventually find a smooth tunnel ringed in orichalcum, which they descend, entering a brightly glowing doorway at the end. They find 2 elf-like people seated at a table, with the Phaistos Disc between them- they tell the team to leave, as they are the disc’s final guardians. The team refuses. Zuberi is initially confused after they sprout bony projections, but LS convinces him that this is not, in fact, the Dark Realm. They defeat the spirits, seize the disc, and decide to leave, as the room is rapidly darkening and getting very cold.

They step back through the doorway, and find themselves in some sort of space between spaces- LS and Saul recognize that they are astrally travelling, though not in any place they’ve seen before. They manage to guide the others back to the ‘real’ world, and exit the temple, although Zuberi tries to shape the earth to allow him to take some of the orichalcum on the way out. It seems to absorb his spell, and he feels his access to magic weaken. However, they seem to have ended the astral shallow and the high backgroud count by seizing the disc, though the areas history of war and genocide still pollutes the local manasphere. However, the end of the astral shallow gives them the perfect distraction to sneak back out. They rendevouz with Jane, and placing the disc in another mana case (after she confirms it’s the real deal), fly to Amsterdam, there to go their seperate ways.

Jane tells them that she & Ehran the Scribe will be in touch sometime soon- they believe there may be a 4th artefact to be used with the others. She promises a ‘special’ reward, alongside pay, for recovery of the 4th item, once Ehran locates it. Jane also invites TY and LS to join Jackpoint, as provisional members. They get paid, and drop Jane at a private jet, though she is disturbed to see an elf wearing garish clown makeup standing there waiting for her. Samriel is also present, and congratulates the team on another job well done- he tells them he respects them, even though they are not working for him. They also get Ehran to give them some extra for the details and recordings of their time in the temple, and the data TY stoles from the Azzie node.

LS hires his family to do some research on Ehran, and gets some info back of varying quality/plausibility. They also hear from The Order of St George, who tell them that they have a European job lined up for them: the great dragon Alamais (Lofwyr’s brother, some say) has apparently taken over the feral city of Gemito with some other dragons and drakes who follow his draconic supremacy agenda, and is preying on metahumans there. The Order wants to hit back, where it hurts, by raiding any of his hoards they can locate, and they have found one for the team to assault. TY also hears from the woman Jane hired to hack his secret implanted Gilgamesh Initiative comm, who is coming to meet him, and has a favor in mind to repay her services. They also have a lead on some info on Jane’s history, if they find themselves in Seattle, and some pending work in Detroit for John Caruthers.

A Betrayal on a Distant World
4/4/2013, 6:55:00 AM
Runners:
Tobias Cheney
UltraBoy!

The last few months on Mars:

UB! has been working for Knight Errant as a corporate runner, he’s got his own team (although one of the members is a KE minder to make sure he stays on mission), and is being used in KE promotions around the city- “A Redeemed Runner!”, “Getting Revenge on Crime!”, etc. He’s been hunting down criminals, runners, etc, and enjoying all the perks of the corp-backed lifestyle. He feels he is finally getting the respect he deserves, as well as some public recognition (even if folks in the undercity won’t talk to him anymore). He hasn’t heard from Tobias, although T and other possible members of Daedelus’ Exchange are on the KE most-wanted, and bringing any of them in would be a significant coup for UB!

Tobias has been continuing to work with/for Daedelus’ Exchange op on Mars, although he’s had to largely flee the city proper- he’s found himself a wanted man (literally- he and other suspected Exchange members are on KE’s most wanted list, and are major targets). However, with Daedelus’ assistance, he has been able to continue his physics research, and amass many of the materials needed for a decent sized dirty bomb. He’s heard rumors that KE is planning something big, and is feeling pretty resentful that UB! is publicly living the big life while he is hit-and-running corp convoys in the desert and hiding in atmo processing facilities and the like.

2 weeks ago:

Tobias has been putting out the word that he wants info on the whereabouts and well-being of his old friend Patrick Henry Hughes. Word eventually gets back to him from John Caruthers that PHH has apparently been taken to Ares HQ in Detroit and is being held there- he’s not sure of the conditions, or how willing of a participant PHH is, but he has some mafia contacts down there who could help with setting up a rescue/extraction. However, there is a price- Caruthers will only help if Tobias gives him UB!, alive. Rooster had previously told Caruthers that UB! was behind the carbomb that killed Caruthers cousins in the uppercity, although Tobias and others also helped, unknown to Caruthers. Tobias agrees.

Fortunately for him, UB! has been trying to reach out and find a way to escape KE’s corporate clutches. Ultraman is pretty much the only person who will still talk to him out of all his old Undercity contacts, but he does eventually make contact. They arrange an ambush for UB!‘s team- responding to an anonymous tip, they walk into a booby-trapped killzone, and are cut to shreds by Tobias, with the help of Marlowe’s team. UB!, at Tobias’ insistance, ko’s and captures his KE minder, and loads her into a car T has waiting, and then jumps in himself, while shouting “LONG LIVE HAMSHALLOW!”, expecting to be sped off to the relative safety of life as an outlaw, alongside his old pal Tobias.

Sadly, T has also boobytrapped the car, and after UB! jumps in, it delivers a powerful shock to him, incapacitating him while the passenger compartment fills with gas and renders him unconscious. T delivers him to Caruthers, and keeps the minder for himself- a useful source of info for the Mars Exchange, surely.

The last few days:

Ultraman is rumored to have a new houseguest that’s he’s been seen around the Undercity with. It’s some weird human in his early 20’s, doesn’t seem all there- looks he had a bunch of surgery recently, he has a shaved head and a ton of not-so-subtle scarring. Supposedly Ultraman has been taking him on drives around town, visitng various sights of UB!‘s exploits and watching old trids and stuff. Folks are saying the Ultraman might have finally lost it, but some others remember some old rumors that UB! was actually an ork poser and think that someone took some pretty intense revenge on him- although who is anyone’s guess, as UB! had plenty of enemies to go around. Jaro has been seen meeting them occasionally for meals and such, having been spared arrest, unlike most of the rest of the Problem Children and Mad Martians, due to the secret deal UB! made with KE, which they appear to still be honoring, for now…..

Meanwhile, Tobias has been interrogating the prisoner (with some drugs provided by Caruthers, as well as some magical assistance from one of Marlowe’s people). He’s trying to plan a dirty bomb attack on KE’s uppercity HQ, hopefully in such a way as to kill Elton Massey, his former contact there, who has apparently been given a significant promotion in reward for his masterful ganger round-up.

The European Job
3/26/2013, 11:44:00 AM
Runners:
Lodestone
Rooster
Thankyou
Zuberi

The team calls the number Jane left them, and agree to meet her employer, “Aaron Johnson”. Rooster realizes that this is in fact Ehran the Scribe. Ehran tells the team that he wants them to track down a 3rd artifact, starting in (relatively) stable Northern Europe this time, as opposed to a feral city. They agree, and Zuberi tells Ehran that if he can participate in whatever ritual the artifacts will someday be used for, he will forgo pay. LS warns Ehran privately that Zuberi is insane and dangerous. Ehran tells the team that they will meet Jane in Europe, where she will give them more details, but that they are traveling seperately due to Samriel Lockwood tracking them all on the last job.

They head to NYC via Ricky Steelsky’s cousin, Angela, and booka transatlantic flight to Hamburg, AGS. Zuberi agrees to be magecuffed and hooded during the flight, as opposed to sedated, as he will not willingly deactivate his quickened spells. The rest of the team passes security with fake licenses and SINS, along with Rooster’s social hacking, with no major problems. Thay arrive in Hamburg and meet Jane at the hotel. She tells them to find a local data broker, Hardy Wagner, but to be cautious as the local Vory and in a turf war with Dutch Penose gangsters.

The team finds Wagner’s apartment, burned out, although he wasn’t there. Some Vory approach and tell them to get in touch if they find Wagner. Rooster also meets some Penose at a bar, who tell him to help Wagner if he gets a chance. They also leave a message on Wagner’s comm, and are called back by a young ork named Jan Brecht, who arranges to meet them the next day during a political rally. They agree, and he makes them all run a CARE program so that they can find him in the crowd (and he will know where they are, to avoid ambushes).

They meet, and convince him they are not Vory or Interpol just in time, as the rally turns violent. They escape and follow Brecht through a series of sub-basements, service tunnels, and old vaults and fallout shelters, which are all in various states of flooding and decay. They are ambushed by merc’s (of unknown employ) who seem to also be seeking Wagner. They fight them off, but take some injuries, and don’t capture any of the merc’s for interrogation. Brecth takes them the rest of the way, and they find Wagner at a Penose safehouse in the tunnels. He agrees to give them the name of the thief who stole the artifact in exchange for getting him out of town- they agree, and hire a smuggler to take LS, Zuberi, and Wagner, while TY and Jane take the train, and Rooster (posing as Wagner and magically disguised) heads a different way. Then, they will tell the Vory where “Wagner” (aka Rooster) went, to avoid making enemies.

Rooster heads to Copenhagen, while the rest of the team heads for a rendevouz in Europort, to the west. Smuggled via jetski and powerboat, LS and Zuberi arrive first and get the name from Wagner: Malcolm Carella, aparently the leader of a Europort based heist crew called ’The Loose Cannons." Meanwhle, TY tells Jane his personal history, hatreds, goals, etc, and she offers to try to hel him reclaim some of his missing memories. He agrees and she roots around in his brain for a while, and provides a significant amount of info to him, regarding the Gilgamesh Initiative, and their role in his life. She also causes him to question his long-standing hatred of Mujaji and the Xhosa people, as well as the basis of his superstitions. LS, meanwhile, is freaking out that this is happening, as he worries it will trigger TY to go on a rampage.

They all meet at the hotel, LS having told Zuberi that they may ned to kill TY. Zuberi tells TY this, and they all decide to have a talk- LS also reveals what he knows about the GI and TY’s past, and TY overcomes a supersitious urge to murder everyone in the room. Zuberi insists everyone participate in a Dark Realm blood ritual to cement their alliance, and they do. While doing so, LS discovers that they all have nanites in their systems. When Rooster arrives (having appeared at a number of Copenhagen spots as Wagner, and then come to Europort from there), he also does the ritual and is discovered to have nanites.

They decide to go to a local well-regarded blacksite clinic, and get the nanites flushed, and also get TY’s cyber scanned to see if it’s hiding anything. They do so, and it turns out that the Carjakkr in his arm appears to have been fried when he went prying into it, although they also discover, disturbingly, that he has a hardened comm hardwired into his brain that isn’t giving off any wireless signals, in addition to his implanted comm. TY opts for brain surgery to remove the suspect 2nd comm, although his superstition is telling him not to. The surgery suceeds (although it it’s quite expensive), and the surgeon places the mystery comm (with a conspicuous GI logo on it) in an inert gas storage container to attempt to avoid triggering any self-destruct mechanisms. They are also attempting to continue sending it brainwave signals based on a scan of TY to make the comm think it’s still wired in. TY asks Jane for a favor, and she says she will call a friendly hacker to investigate it, in return for a future favor from TY (and team).

The rest of the team heads back to the hotel to try to start tracking down Carella while TY heals in the hospital (assisted by LS’ healing magic). The team manages to make a local contact, Jakob Schultz, who gets them a meeting with the Loose Cannons. TY decides to ship the secret GI comm from his head to the hacker Jane found, and sends it off. He also spends some time researching Carella while hospitalized, and finds out that he is in a secure Regulus JI-run detention facility, apparently relating to an Interpol investigation of some acts of corporate espionage. TY finds rumors that these acts were carried out on behalf of Saeder-Krupp.

TY also checks up on events on Mars, and finds out what has happened to his old teammates UltraBoy! and Tobias Cheney: A Betrayal on a Distant World. LS, Zuberi, and Rooster head to the meet with the Loose Cannons (minus Carella apparently) at a local bar. They find a seemingly capable runner team that appears to be a bit lacking in the magic department, although they are savvy enough to note that they are dealing with 3 awakened runners, and are on guard for spellcraft. The LCs are planning a frontal assault prison break to bust Carella out, although there is some dissension amongst the team as to whether they should go through with it. LS, Rooster, and Zuberi agree to assist in exchange for Carella’s promised cooperation, but also start thinking up alternative possibilities to get in and meet Carella.

Meanwhile, TY breaks into the prison’s node, and finds the security assets list before getting chased out by the on-site rigger and some hostile IC.

O.C.!
3/12/2013, 6:24:00 AM
Runners:
Lodestone
Rooster
Thankyou
Zuberi

The team recuperates in the splendor of The Mountain hotel, Jane having secured them a private suite for a week. LS heals up in the hospital and resummons the banished bound spirit Mordin. The rest of the team restocks on gear and armor, and learns/hones some new abilities and spells. Nomusa Iblis leaves after a few days, feeling restless and unwlecome. He tells the team he is likely returning to Africa, after stopping in Chicago to visit some graves and memorials.

TY also tries to access the sealed-node CarJakkr that resides in his right arm- however, he sets off a databomb while entering the node, and suffers some biofeedback, during which he has an odd vision, and possibly gains some insight into his mysterious past. The Carjakkr is rendered non-functional though.

LS receives a visit from Laibon, the Masai lion shaman who he had agreed to help after the team framed the Masai for attacking the AresSpace train & depot. Laibon tells him that there is a traitor to their movement, who has been snitching to the corps. He has been in corp witsec for a few years, but is apparently going to be in LA to promote a book he wrote about his life (which Laibon says will be filled with lies, no doubt). Laibon wants the traitor (Tomas Abede) made an example of. LS agrees, as this seems easier than dealing with angry shamans, spirits, and freedom fighter/terrorists.

The team finds out that Abede is giving an interview to a Horizon talk show taping the next afternoon. LS purchases tickets and enters, he assenses Abeded during the interview and then leaves, to ID what car he is leaving in. Rooster creates a distraction for the crowds nearby, as TY and Zuberi wait by the parking garage in a stolen car. 2 identical cars leave, but LS ID’s which one contains Abede, and Zuberi destroys it with 4 flung high-ex grenades, killing Abede and his 2 corp guards. They flee, and ditch the car in Ancients turf, having paid them to dispose of it and give them a ride back.

Laibon gets in touch and tells the team they will be welcome in Kenya once more. They also receive a call from Jane, saying she has more work. She’ll be out of touch (she’s worried someone is tailing her), but gives them a number to call, just once, to contact her employer and set up a meet. They agree.

The Mercy of the Plow
1/27/2013, 7:10:00 PM
Runners:
Nomusa Iblis
Lodestone
Rooster
Thankyou
Zuberi

Atlas Park decides to leave the group for a while, to reflect on recent life events. Jason abandoning him to stay with the Yakuza was a big blow. The rest of the team gears up for all possibilities in preperation for travel to Bug City, alongside Jane. She takes them all the best places. They board the charter plane, and have an uneventful flight, a nice change of pace from dodging AA fire in Africa.

Jane fills them in on the job- they are to find another runner team (lead by a woman named Sonora in the employ of Aztechnology) and retrieve another artefact from them. This one is a sextant, and has some sort of link to the map. The team finds out some about this- apparently Jane is able to use the map to roughly locate the artefact, which is how she found out it was in Chicago, and why she’s in a rush. Zuberi agrees that he will stay with her to help perform this ritual, once they touch down, and keep the team apprised of the map’s rough location via satellite link. They get a few hours sleep after prepping gear and planning.

They land, and the remaining team members drop off Zuberi and Jane at a hotel in Northside, and weld a scrap metal plow onto the SUV, before heading for the ABC complex at Trinity University. They fight off a go-gang on the way, gaining some bodies for Nomusa to feed on, and to use as trade goods with any ghouls they encounter. They reach the ABC complex, and trade a bunch of medical goods and 2 bodies (for study!) for info and a guide to a gate they can use to bring their rented/stolen SUV through the wall into the CZ. They sleep a few hours, fearing they won’t be able to in the Zone. They trade the guide some more for the backdoor he uses to open the old security gates.

They ram a pack of wild dogs who are attacking a raggedy family, and then feeling that they’ve done their good deed for the day, ignore the raggedy old woman and baby that they see huddled in a doorway a few blocks later. They head for the Hangman bar, near the Noose, to get wireless access and hopefully some info. When there, they trade the bodies with an older ghoul hacker for some info- the other team has indeed been seen in Chicago recently. In exchange for some ammo, he also points them in the direction of the Little Earth Sioux community on the old U of C campus, who apparently have a talented healer whose services the other runners may have sought out.

The team prepares to head there, hoping to catch up with their prey. They manage to drive on the highway, having to stop frequently to push aside rusting old cars that they can’t move with the plow. They arrive, and find that some folks have barricaded one of the former campus buildings, although their security seems to be a bit less stringent than its evident heyday- they only see a few patrolling spirits, and 1 sniper nest/lookout on their way in. They are ushered in the door to the Sioux medical building by an ex-military looking man, and meet up with an elderly woman to trade medical supplies for some info- they find out that Sonora, the mage they pursue, has lost another team-mate while crossing the CZ, and that she plans to pay Spire Enterprises, a smuggling operation trying to go legit, to carry the remaining team members to parts unknown. They apparently traded the last of their meager supplies to the Sioux for medical aid after being set on by dogs of some sort, and also for assistance cremating their dead friend, who they didn’t want used for more nefarious purposes.

The team loads back into the SUV and heads for the Spire building, plowing and moving cars on the way. As they approach, they hear some distant gunshots, shortly after catching sight of the distinct spiral of the building. However, TY, driving, receives an odd premonition, and swerves suddenly, just as the bridge collapses under them and the car plummets down, through a large sinkhole in the street below, into some sort of subterranean level. He prevents the car from flipping, and the team’s armor (as well as what’s left of the car) absorb the bulk of the shock- but it looks like they are on foot the rest of the way. And also underground. Neither of which are ideal.

The team fights off some hybird mantis spirit/dog monstrosities, and regains the surface. They approach the Spire on foot, while trying to stay warm. They encounter the tower under siege by a mafia faction trying to gain some new turf. They break the siege, calling in assistance from the mafia faction that currently controls the area, as well as providing some fire support from a distance. In gratitude, the head of Spire Enterprises agrees to fly the team out, on Sonora’s trail. Stopping to pick up Jane and Zuberi, they head for Denver.

On the way, they are forced to land to make some repairs, and stop at a waypoint that their pilot, Ricky Steelsky, has used before. However, it appears abandoned, and Rooster heads out to investigate- uncovering a cellar full of corpses and getting ko’d by a free-roaming spirit. The team takes the spirit out effectively, but on it’s death it opens an astral rift to the shadow plane, which Zuberi thinks is the Dark Realm. However, he decides to remain on earth, feeling his work there is not yet complete.

The team makes it to Denver, following Sonora’s trail, and calling in some favors to do so. They land a ways outside the city, and leave their non-licensed gear in the plane. They find out she has lost another teammate in a shootout, and is looking for a ride out of town. They eventually find out where she is meeting her ride (a national park in the PCC outside Denver), and race there to try to intercept her team. They arrive, but are slowed by an ambush by an unknown team, which (confusingly) takes place over and around a triad smuggling camp. Apparently, the pilot Sonora hired agreed to meet there as he had to drop off some new slaves, the team enters the campsite as these new arrivals are being processed, and the ambush breaks out. Rooster uses his command abilities to good effect to try to focus the triad’s fire on the opposing team, while LS and TY try to access the exiting VTOL that Sonora is aboard.

TY is unable to hack the VTOL- it seems they are running dark. However, LS overpowers Sonora’s mental defenses, and finds out where they are going (LA) and who they are working for (an Aztlan blood mage). The opposing team seems to break off once the craft leaves, though they leave 3 of their number behind, dead at the hands of Zuberi, TY, Nomusa, and LS’s attacks. The team makes a quick exit in a car, before the triad has time to figure out what’s going on and start shooting them. On their way south to link up with Jane and Ricky again, they pass some emergency vehicles seemingly headed for the park. Rooster and Nomusa decide to ride back into Denver proper and fly to LA on a commercial flight, hoping to get some good recon in on Sonora’s employer’s meet site before either their team or Sonora arrive via slower VTOL smuggler travel. The rest of the team decides to stick with Jane, as LS figured out that Sonora has been staying ahead of them partially by using the sextant to track the map- and Jane is worried about the blood mage making a play for the map as well. They decide to pressure Ricky to take the shorter but more dangerous Mojave route, to try to cut down Sonora’s lead.

Rooster and Nomusa arrive in LA with no trouble, and meet up with Alex Foxfire, an LA Ancient, who takes them to a safehouse that Jane arranged, and provides them with some weapons and ammo. They scout out the warehouse where Sonora is meeting Itztli, and also are approached by an odd man, who says he belongs to the Sylvestrine Order, a Vatican affiliate, and that they are also seeking the artifact- he warns Rooster of the supposed curse on the item, and says that only his order can keep it safe. But, he offers his and his brothers’ assistance to the team, based on Rooster’s attempts to save (or at least keep out of harm’s way)the civilians in the Denver shootout.

The rest of the team flies the Mojave, TY has some distressing waking dreams while they travel. The local mana field is distessing and anger-filled. However, an old man (in appearance at least) manifests inside the plane and says that due to LS’ good rep in the spirit world, he will guide them safely through. However, this is a one-time favor, and LS is instructed to tell others not to come here- the spirits are taking it over for themselves. LS also asks what else he can do to help, and is told to strike out at Horizon where possible. They arrive in LA, and meet up with the rest of the team. Having just recently seen a car enter the warehouse (within Sonora’s expected window of arrival), they decide to storm the place. They hire some Ancients to help, as the gang guarding the warehouse (the Burning Angels) is an enemy. Rooster also calls the Sylvestrines.

They assault- TY hacks the building node and unlocks the doors, and Baelor and Ancients on bikes storm the gates, with a van crrying the team right behind. They mop up the Burning Angels inside, as well as 2 combat mages and a blood spirit left to slow their pursuit, but are unable to prevent Itztli and Sonora escaping in some mini-subs. However, there are a few more left, so they give chase, pausing for long enough for TY to slave all the systems together, and to grab some waterproof crates to strap on the back for gear. The Sylvestrines insist on protecting the Burning Angels who were wounded in the fight, but not killed, and will not let Zuberi execute them. He is annoyed.

The team follow an ARO breadcrumb trail through a series of winding and branching underwater tunnels and caverns, and soon find themselves hopelessly lost and reliant on the trail provided. Fortunately, they find theire target: they emerge into a larger air-filled cavern, and find Itztli waiting to make good his exit via a larger sub, but delayed by wrong direction currents. Itztli sacrifices Sonora’s lone remaining companion to cast a large barrier spell, and one of his guards apparently ko’s Sonora when she tries to intervene. The team manages to defeat his 5 guards, and one of his bound spirits, while Sonora comes to, and offers aid to LS in breaking the barrier. They succeed, and manage to kill Itztli before he is able to finsih mind-controlling the whole team (although TY, Zuberi, and Nomusa fall under his sway). He is, by far, the most powerful mage they have ever fought. Sonora grabs the sextant and tells the team to “RUN”! as Itztli was apparently equipped with a powerful cranial bomb. They manage to avoid harm, although the cavern takes some damage and fills with smoke. They vacate the area via the mini-subs after Sonora also warns them of the curse, and tells them to stay away from the sextant.

They head back out, and the Sylvestrines once again offer to take and protect the artifact. The team looks to Jane, who refuses. They leave the area before more Burning Angels arrive (the Ancients and Sylvestrines held off the first reinforcements). They drop Jane at a private jet, and get paid- she has also arranged for them to stay at a fancy OC hotel for a week to R&R, and says she will foward the bloodmage bounty that the Draco Foundation offers, if she can claim it. She also covers LS’ needed hospital stay (from multiple stimpatch crash) after Rooster gives her a hard time. Zuberi also gains a contact in the Denver Golden Triangle Triad, after calling them through Kayin, and explaining that they were fighting the same people as the triad, not trying to fuck up their op in Denver.

RAID
11/26/2012, 4:15:00 PM
Runners:
Lodestone
Rooster
Thankyou
Atlas Park

The team meets up with Jane, while Atlas deals with the Yak. He goes to a temple, where he is forced to renounce his titles while being recorded. He also loses both pinkies, as does Jason Park, for the various ways in which they have disgraced themselves and others. Jason actually seems to be getting along with them fairly well, although he is pretty ashamed to have been captured and have forced Atlas into this. Atlas agrees to do a job for them the next day to ensure Jason’s release.

Meanwhile, Jane tells the team that she has another “item” to retrieve, this time in Chicago. She offers reasonable pay once again, and as the team generally likes her, they agree. She tells them she’ll fill in the details on the plane (where they can talk securely) but that the team should stock up on cold weather gear. They will leave the next day.

Atlas hooks up with everyone else, and convinces LS, Rooster, and TY to help him pay off his debt. They carefully avoid commenting on his missing digits and bandaged hands. The job is this: there is a former Importer/Exporter who is now out of the picture, due to the Feds taking an interest in his business. However, it has come to the attention of the Yak that there is a hidden safe in his warehouse that they want retrieved, intact and unopened. The complication is that the Feds are combing the building currently, so the team needs to get in there before they find the safe.

They do some recon, in person, by drone, astrally, and in matrix, and plan their assault using the info gathered plus the building plans the Yak provide. TY makes a local arms connect through a contact of Journeyman Urb’s, and they load up on riot gear, grapple guns, gas mask, and knockout gas. TY steals a reasonable looking getaway car, and they head over. He has previously found a backdoor into the building node, so he enters as they ascend the back of the building on grapples, after his HK drone kills the Feds rooftop surveillance. LS summons Baelor to watch the front, in case the local KE unmarked units down the block move up to support the Feds.

Atlas drops the poison into the furnace/AC unit intake after removing the screen, and TY locks the building’s doors and windows, and turns up the heat. He watches on the cameras as the feds inside start to cough and convulse. However, one of them comes up on the roof (to investiagte the dead drone perhaps?). He busts open the door, and Atlas makes short work of him. The team decides to charge in and finish off the rest, rather than wait for the gas to fully take effect. TY also has his agent kill the agent that the feds have monitoring the building node, although he doesn’t notice until too late that the interior cameras are exporting data to a government address. Oh well, they’re all wearing gas masks.

They make short work of the CSI team on the 2nd floor, only one of whom has managed to get into hazmat gear in time. LS and Atlas dig out the safe while TY and Rooster deal with the 2 security heavies downstairs. Baelor fights off the local KE cops for long enough for the team to make an escape out the back with safe. TY drives them out the Barrens, where they trade for a dilapidated car with a local, and head out to the motel that Jane has rented for them. The Yak come and grab the safe, and tell Atlas his debt is paid, although he is still not welcome in Yak turf without explicit permission. However, Jason tells Atlas the he is staying with the Yak, as they are teaching him important lessons about honor, respect, and tradition that he feels he needs. He tells Atlas to contact him anytime he needs his help of course, though.

The team decides to go shopping for a trip to Bug City in the remaining few hours until their flight.

Nairobi Nights
11/26/2012, 4:13:00 PM
Runners:
Nomusa Iblis
Lodestone
Rooster
Thankyou
Zuberi
Atlas Park

The team takes a commercial flight to Nairobi Int’l Aerospaceport after getting their licenses and gear in order. There, they are introduced to a powerful free spirit who hires them to sabotage an AresSpace train that hauls cargo between NIA and the mass driver at Mt. Kilimanjaro, crashing it into the depot at high speed. The team accepts the initial offer on price before even hearing the job details, as it’s a surprisingly high number. They are to leave behind an enchanted Masai tribal mask to claim responsibility for the attack.

They spend a few days on recon, and end up with a solid plan. After bribing some customs and NIA employees, they ship Atlas and Nomusa in shoddy crates, on a train trip that is supposed to have low (relatively) security (i.e. no extra guards, etc.). The hire Innocent Dobiri, their friend from Lagos, to get them out of the country post-job. They also hire 4 friends of his to fly their planes nearby as they make their escape, headed in different directions, to distract pursuers. LS, Zuberi, Rooster, and TY will be in the plane to provide magical/fire support as needed.

Nomusa, having studied up on explosives, has rigged 2 small charges to blow open the conductors compartments on the train and destroy the onboard AI systems. TY also purchases some powerful area jammers to prevent wireless signals from reaching the train. Nomusa has also rigged up a carbomb, which TY sets off at a security gate on the farside of the mass driver facility to distract onsite security personnel. Atlas and Nomusa bust out of their crates, and bust out of their shipping container. They make their way up the narrow corridor at the center of the train, avoiding the drones on the topside. Nomusa rigs up the explosives on both ends, and sets them off, triggering the jammers at the same time.

He and Atlas make short work of the conductors, and after ensuring that the brakes have not engaged, climb to the roof to make their escape, leaving behind the ceremonial Masai mask that the spirit gave them. Although they are both heavily injured by drone fire, they manage to both jump off the train, deploying their basejump parachutes, and using their recently acquired squirrel suits to glide away. They make a rough but reasonably accurate landing, launch a skyhook, and are promptly picked up by Innocent. TY hacks everyone’s datatrail, and they flee, flying low westwards while the 4 dummy planes scatter in other directions.

They seem to have made good their escape, although Atlas and Nomusa are both unconscious and injured from stimpatch use. However, a lion shaman appears before them as a ghostly image, and tells them that they have framed his people for this attack. The team, reluctant to take responsibility, don’t wish to cooperate, although they tell the shaman that they will help his cause in the future in exchange for not destroying their plane, which he claims he has the ability to do. However, most of the team members have no actual intention to follow through on this, though the shaman made it clear that he and his followers would attempt to seek retribution if the team went back on their word. Regardless, for now they got paid and got clear, so it’s a win!

However, once returned to Nyamkopon, Rooster receives a disturbing message: Exocet, who has been missing for some days, has reappeared and says she needs to meet up and tell him something. TY goes with for security, while Atlas and Nomusa enter hospital care and LS and Zuberi initiate LS into the new Order of the Dark Realm. They meet her in a coffee shop, and can immediately tell that something’s a bit off. She looks somewhat injured and says that she was recently hit by a car, and lost some memory. She seems about to say more, but TY get suspicious and tries to back away, seemingly triggering an explosive device that had been implanted in her. TY is heavily injured, and Rooster nearly killed, by the blast. The coffee shop is largely destroyed.

Fearing what they may find waiting at the public hospital, Nomusa calls in a favor from The Butcher to get his friends private care. They heal up in a secure clinic, while Nomusa and TY purchase some hacking gear and everyone who had an Exocet SIN gets new SIN’s. TY and N research the accident, which looks like an intentional hit- apparently someone wanted her in a hospital. However, the public facilities claim to have no record of her. So they assume she also wound up in a black clinic. They are worried what info whoever had her may have extracted from her.

Atlas, distressingly, receives a “Get Well” bouquet with a card saying “we found you” in kanji attached. Worried, he leaves the hospital through a side exit, but doesn’t see any obvious Yak presence. However, he can’t contact Jason Park, and upon returning to the hotel finds a message scrawled in blood that says “well be in touch.” LS investigates the scene, and realizes it’s pig’s blood, not Jason’s. Also, all of their stuff has been gone through and then carefully repacked. There seems to be no trace of the intruders or a struggle.

The Yak do get in touch, and tell Atlas that if he wants to end their hunt for him (and see his brother safely returned) he will have to renounce his various martial arts titles, pay an appropriate physical price, and do a large act of penance. He agrees, reluctantly, as he can’t abandon Jason. They tell him to let them know when he is ready, and not to wait too long.

The team also gets a call from Jane, saying she has more work for them if they can meet her in Seattle. She provides airfare, so they agree, as Nyamkopon doesn’t seem very safe right now. Atlas gets in touch with Yak to arrange to settle his business in Seattle.

Nyamkopon Shadows
10/2/2012, 3:57:00 PM
Runners:
Nomusa Iblis
Lodestone
Rooster
Thankyou
Zuberi

While everyone else has been busy in Lagos, Nomusa has spent some time in a very secure medical facility outside of Cape Town. Having traded the team’s assistance on a the exec kidnapping for medical access with Ezekiel Grey, Nomusa manages to control his shift into a ghoul in such a way as to ensure that he retained sentience. After a few weeks of rehab, he borrows a little more money from Grey, and flies north to Nyamkopon, Asamando, to rendevouz with the rest of the team. The Butcher apparently has some work lined up for them in the area.

The rest of the team, minus Atlas who will require a lengthy hospital stay after his near death, engage in some shopping and general gear maintenance. Zuberi self-initiates learns a new spell (which he crafted himself), and Rooster initiates with The Order of St George. LS begins preperations to permanently bind a spirit to himself. There is also a joyous reunion with Jason Park and Exocet, who have finally arrived. They hace TY’s grenade launcher, but had to trade his milspec armor to the mercs they were with for the ride up. TY is not thrilled. However, he negotiates with the mercs to also sell them the helmet, and get some free grenades for his launcher.

Nomusa contacts TY, as he trusts him most, and reveals himself as a ghoul. TY is suspicious but willing to give him the benefit of the doubt for now, as he has also eaten of human flesh. They get the job details from the Butcher. Apparently, a local immigration official has been secretly recorded engaging in live human flesh feasts with some select guests. As glorying in ghoul’s need for flesh is specifically against Queen Thema Laula’s agenda (securing UN recognition, etc.) this needs to be quietly dealt with. There is an investigative reporter who has the story, and needs to be persuaded never to publish in any way the team sees fit. All copies of the story also need to be eliminated or accounted for as well. There is also the politician, who ideally will “commit” a believable “suicide.” An accident that looks sufficiently accidental will also suffice. So long as the local investigators can write it off as being what it appears. The message of the pol’s death will still reach those who need to receive it: this type of behaviour will not be tolerated.

The team tackles the reporter first. They convince him to meet them in a suburban subway hallway that LS determines has no camera coverage, a rarity in the city. Rooster distracts the small subway crowd. LS stuns the reporter, and probes his mind while Zuberi buries him alive in the concrete of the hallway, while Nomusa uses a directional jammer to keep him from sending out distress calls. They bury the jammer with him. LS finds there are 3 copies of the report: 1 on the reporter’s ‘link, 1 on a datastick in a safe in his hotel room, and 1 on a secure non-connected server at his agent/publisher’s office in Nairobi. He also gets the passcodes needed to access all of these. Not seeing anyone else who seems to have followed the reporter in, they leave. LS gets the stick from the hotel, and packs a bag quickly to make it look like the reporter left in a hurry. They hire Exocet to make a databomb to upload to the secure server, using the reporter’s passcode and a forged comm ID. Exocet will also send an ‘all clear’ signal every 48 hours to prevent a time-delayed release of the reporter’s sensitive info.

Next, they gun for the politician, a Chicago area transplant, who seems to have always taken a very pro-ghoul stance. They infiltrate her condo building using subterfuge, but security is too tight. They aren’t used to it being so hard to kill people in the streets- this isn’t the undercity, or Lagos, or even Cape Town. They decide to stage a subway accident, using Zuberi’s new spell to puppetmaster her in front of a train. LS tails her to establish her schedule, and they spring their trap. LS uses a spirit to pull her assistant away from her (he suddenly needs to use the bathroom), and then to convince the train conductor to override the brake timing system as he pulls into the station. TY keeps an eye on the assistant, while Rooster distracts the crowd. Zuberi, gesturing minimally, puppetmasters her into diving in front of the fast-moving train, splattering nearby commuters with gore. LS reads her mind quickly before she jumps, and finds out that she kept records of all her ‘feasts’ and the guests who attended, for blackmail purposes.

They seperately flee the station as the local security tries to corral everyone together for interviews. They report their successes to the Butcher, who pays up. They also pass along the copy of the report on the datastick, and tell the Butcher about the blackmail kept by the politician. They also head back to the subway with TY in tow, who with his incredible signal range is able to access the reporter’s ’link through the jamming and concrete. He erases the ’link, and turns it off, and also turns off the jammer. Potentially, no-one will ever know he has been buried there, a terrifying thought.

Exocet stops sending the ‘all-clears’ once enough time has elapsed for the databomb to have done it’s job. LS spends some time researching TY’s past, given the secret info that he uncovered while scanning TY’s mind. LS and Zuberi also exchange a mindprobe for a body control, and have a real moment. LS also researchers Zuberi, his past, his religion, and his tribe in the hopes of being able to manipulate him as necessary, possibly by summoning spirits of man in the form of Zuberi’s venerated ancestors. TY comes to the team with more work: Journeyman Urb has a job to pass along. Mr. Johnson will fly them to Nairobi, home to the African branch of the Corporate Court, as well as the Kilimanjaro mass driver, and fill them in on the job. If they like it, they’ll stay, if not they are free to get back on the plane and leave. This is all the info Urb has, but it’s a free round trip, and medical’s covered, so the team agrees to check it out.

Next time: Kenya!

Dawn of the Artifacts: Dusk Part 3
7/15/2012, 5:38:00 PM
Runners:
Atlas Park
Lodestone
Rooster
Thankyou
Zuberi

The team, having secured their auction invitations, head back to Lagos with Jane in tow. They clean up at the hotel, pick up their new suits, and head to the auction. LS does some research on the map they are hoping to aquire, and gets some info from Jane’s mystery employers and some more from The Order of St. George. The info only makes the team more curious, and makes Jane seem to want it more. They hire two fanboats as possible escape routes across the lagoon towards the airport if they win.

The auction site is in the Global Sandstorm building on Lagos Island, with security provided by Adegoke’s palace guards and priests. The map sells to a lone bidder (who outbids both Jane and the Aztechnology rep), who the team id’s as Medjay, whose name they overheard while snooping on Samriel Lockwood at Adegoke’s palace. Jane tells them to get down to the parking garage and intercept him: they must acquire the map. However, they shouldn’t do any fighting under the watchful eye of island security, so they should tail him to the mainland.

However, Medjay seems to have planned well also, and leaves the car he arrived in in the garage. He exits via the building’s lobby, hops in an okada out front, and speeds towards the bridge. TY, realizing it’s been a while, pulls out of the parking garage and sees him in the distance, while the Azzie’s and another team also try to catch up. TY takes the car as far as he can before getting stuck in traffic near the bridge, and then Atlas and Zuberi chase Medjay on foot while TY, LS, and Rooster head for one of their rented boats.

Zuberi wings Medjay with a rock, slowing him enough for Atlas to use his absurd speed to close the distance. Medjay hops on another waiting okada, and Atlas latches on with his grappling hook, being pulled along with Medjay shoots at him with a pistol. LS sends a spirit up to convince the okada driver to bail, which he does. The okada crashes, and Atlas takes the opportunity to charge. He sweepkicks Medjay, who barely hops out of the way, and turns and flee towards Surelere, while calling out to some nearby area boys in Yoruba. The orks bring their AK’s up on Atlas, who dives over the bridge side, clinging on with his gecko gloves.

Meanwhile, Zuberi has jumped into the lagoon and joined the boat crew (happily not spending much time in the sickening, sludgy water), and they have reached the far bank, catching up to Atlas. They notice an Azzie chopper fly overhead towards the city, as well as the other team (the russian orks) in another fanboat to the North. LS blasts them with an acid wave, which their mage seems to largely counter, though they all take some damage as they are confined in a small craft and can’t very well dodge. They are headed towards land, in the area of Lagos City or perhaps Shomolo, as they return fire.

The team dodges around the Area Boys, while also trying to avoid grenades launched by the team to the north. They hire some okadas, and pay extra for rapid transit, and race up the highway towards the north edge of Surelere, hoping to intercept Medjay. TY purchases a fast surveillance drone over ’link from Kayin, who grossly overcharges, but promises quick delivery. LS follows Medjay and the map with his watcher spirits, helping the team estimate his progress until the new drone closes.

They have a highway shootout with an armored drone, and manage to defeat it, although Atlas sufferes significant injury and crashes on kamikaze. He heads for the airport separately while the rest of the team moves to intercept Medjay. They get in a shootout in a large street market with the other boat team, and manage to race past them due to the intervention of an unseen sniper. They encounter Medjay, and convince him to trade the map for his life, after Zuberi sinks his escape vehicle into the mud. They also find out that he is in the employ of the great dragon Celedyr, and seems to know who they work for, even though they don’t. He leaves, and they race for the airport with the map.

They encounter the Azzie chopper (now flying unmarked), which opens up on them with mounted guns, but seems to be carefully targeting the runners only, trying to avoid damaging the map no doubt. LS summons Baelor into the chopper, where he distracts the crew long enough for the team to reach the airport. TY has managed (through Kayin again) to bribe some of the local Area Boys to protect them once they are there, and they hold up their end, preventing the chopper from closing with a barrage of AK fire. They reach the plane, where TY is forced to pay an exit tax by another group of Area Boys (apparently the team has a reputation for handing out money by now) and they take off. The chopper tries to cut them off, but Innocent puts the plane in a steep ascent and loses them, as Zuberi wards the craft with deflection.

Jane and LS provide medical care for Atlas, who is going through a series of cascading crashes from his massive stimpatch abuse, and stabilize him just short of death. The plane safely reaches Nyamkopon, Asamando, and the team negotiates final payment with Jane, garnering a hefty sum. They hand over the map and she hops in a waiting limo, in which they catch a glimpse of a startlingly old-looking elf man (in that he has wrinkles at all!). TY also calls around and finds out that Jane has a good rep in the shadows, and is apparently a former runner herself. She tells them she will contact LS if she needs the group’s services in the future.

The team takes the provided car service back to Atlas’ fancy hotel (or the hospital) and plans some much needed shopping and R&R.

Dawn of the Artifacts: Dusk Part 2
7/14/2012, 4:36:00 PM
Runners:
Atlas Park
Lodestone
Rooster
Thankyou
Zuberi

The team, along with Jane, flies safely to Ife, the seat of the Yoruba kingdom’s power and the location of King Adegoke’s palace. They are met at the private airstrip by palace security, searched thoroughly, and allowed in. They have been provided with a guest suite if they wish to freshen up before viewing the items that will be up for auction, or if they decide to stay the night.

They head to the auction, and make out around 5 different groups of buyers looking at items. The supposed thief, Lockwood, is there, and they try to subtly observe him, gaining some info on who some of the other buyers are. They include representatives of the Apep Consortium and the Atlantean Foundation. The item that they are looking for is not here, however. Lockwood is near a large map that LS notices is readable (and contains even more detail) in its astral form. When LS points it out, Jane seems interested, and wants to go back to their room to contact her employers. The team has also acquired a robed guide, who seems to be awakened, and they notice a pretty significant physical security setup while they are guided around the palace.

Jane contacts her employers, who tell her not to apprehend Lockwood, as they are not sure he is the thief himself. They still hope he will lead them to the stolen item. However, they are also excited about the map, and authorize Jane to gain entry to the auction and bid on it. The team finds out that the only way to get into the auction is to present an appropriate gift to the King, and they currently lack such a gift as Zuberi won’t part with his dragon tooth. They decide to sleep on it.

In the middle of the night, Atlas is on watch and notices a commotion. A pair of palace guards burst through their door while two more cover them from the hallway. Atlas easily disarms the first one, but Rooster and the rest of the team manage to talk the situation down without further violence. It seems that a small statue of significant importance to Adegoke has been stolen, and guards are sweeping all the guest rooms. The team agrees to a search, and, finding nothing, the guards leave. The team decides that finding this statue (or the theif) might be their ticket into the auction. Jane decides to stay at the palace to allay suspicion about their involvement.

The team heads back to Lagos, after they contact Kayin, who says he might have a lead. They pay him a reasonable fee, and he puts them in touch with a local fixer named Hippo, who he says may know more. The team heads out to Lagos University area to find the bar Hippo works out of. They negotiate a deal: the non-Africans in the group will deliver a small package to Lagos Island (it’s easier for foreignors to gain access), and he will give them some info. Atlas, Rooster, and LS head out for the island while Zuberi and TY wait in the bar.

They arrive and drop off the package without any trouble, although they are impressed by the security situation on the island: its the first place in Lagos that’s felt remotely controlled. There is some local air traffic, prominently displayed megacorp logos, a decent amount of skyscrapers, office buildings and fancy stores, and a large amount of patrolling metahuman security. They also notice that there are a lot of foreignors here, which they haven’t seen much of since arrival, and security seems to be actively keeping locals out if they don’t have specific business on-island. Atlas insists on getting LS fit for a white armored suit to match his, so they take a minute to take measurements and then head back.

They arrive at the bar late in the night, and Hippo gives them the deets: the thief is a local Igbo ork named Silence. Normally, Hippo wouldn’t sell out a fellow Igbo, let alone a fellow ork, and he doesn’t want it getting out that he did. But, he also doesn’t want Yoruba palace guards rampaing around the city stirring up trouble either. So he tells the team of a brothel that they might find Silence at if he recently acquired some money. The team heads out there, and LS inquires with his newly bound guidance spirit as to wether they will find Silence inside.

Getting a mixed result, they rush in and chase Silence out a window, across some neighboring rooftops, and through a small market. Rooster stays at the brothel to distract some palace guards that he notices approaching. He delays them significantly, but they ko and detain him after the priest who accompanies the guards sees through his ruse. Using spirits and sheer strength, they eventually corner him and Atlas incapacitates and ko’s him. They haul him back to the brothel. TY manages to bribe the local area boys to stand down from confronting the gaurds, and the team swaps Rooster for Silence, after LS reads his mind and finds the statue’s location.

The team hightails it to the compound that Silence’s employer, hoping to beat the palace guards, and waking Rooster up on the way. They talk their way into meeting with the family elder, and LS, using info gained from Silence’s brain, plays on his fears and superstitions to convince him to hand over the statue (his son was the one who commisioned the theft). The team recovers the statue as the palace guards arrive, and the residents reseal the compound gate. The guards tell the team that they will have to come back to the palace to explain their continued interference. They agree, and luckily for them, Adegoke, impressed by their efforts, grants them tickets to the forthcoming auction, which he tells them has been moved to a corporate facility on Lagos Island for security reasons. Success! However, the future does not look bright for Silence, and the team gains some local notoriety for handing him over.

Dawn of the Artifacts: Dusk Part 1
6/29/2012, 8:22:00 AM
Runners:
Atlas Park
Lodestone
Rooster
Thankyou
Zuberi

Rooster takes a cab into Nyamkopon, the Asamandan capitol, to do some shopping. The city is impressively well layed out, clean, and aesthetically pleasing. After Rooster purchases appropriate clothing for everyone except Zuberi (who refuses all offers), he meets up with the team at the airport, they change, and they head into town, where Atlas gets an expensive hotel room with a secure safe for all their gear.

They wait for a few hours, and head to the 99 Bar, a ritzy local club frequented by non-ghoul locals and visitors in society’s upper echelons. Some research has indicated that the club prides itself on its privaxcy and security (as well as its dress code), all of which is proven true upon their arrival. Formidable looking ghoul security checks their weapons and ammo (including TY’s cybergun ammo), and a hostess insists on LS adding a loaned tie to his blazer. Zuberi is forced to wait outside, as he is far too uncouth to gain entry.

They follow the hostess through the smoky club to a private room in back, and order food and drinks after finding out it is all comped. There they meet a woman named Jane, who introduces herself as their Ms. Johnson. She hires them to accompany her to Lagos, a feral freecity enclosed by the Yoruba kingdom in former Nigeria. There, they will protect and assist her in the search for an item stolen from her employer, and track down the elf responsible for stealing it, a man named Samriel Lockwood. The team tells her they can leave that evening, after stopping by the hospital to get vaccinated and stock up on medical supplies, at Jane’s advice.

Atlas contacts Jason Park and tells him and Exocet that there is a room waiting for them at the hotel, and leaves info at the desk for them to be allowed in upon arrival. Then, the team hits up the hospital & heads to the airport. TY gets a new lighter suit of armor, as his milspec suit isn’t going to travel well. They also leave behind all their various explosives & whatnot.

They hop on a rickety looking manually-piloted plane, flown by a skilled bush pilot named Innocent Dobiri, and are flown into Muhammad Intl Airport in Lagos, barely avoiding some AA fire on the way in with Baelor’s assistance. Jane hires them cabs after the local Area Boys shake them down (Zuberi gives them a hard time, but the team pays up), and they head to the port district of Apapa to their (relatively) secure hotel. After doing a sweep, the team decides to split up and visit both the Dudu Dudu Oja Arms Market and the Amulet Market to look for info & gather supplies.

TY, Zuberi, and Jane head to the Arms Market. On the way, they encounter some local thugs kidnapping a group of youths off a bus in stalled traffic in broad daylight. One of the youths escapes and runs towards them, and Jane is about to intervene when Zuberi fatally combusts the youth, effectively defusing the situation in the most horrifying way possible. He tells Jane that he has done the best he could for the girl by sending her properly to the Dark Realm, and TY chimes in that both the girl and the team would surely have been killed had there been a firefight. Jane is outraged and disturbed, but they continue with their mission, as she can also see that they aren’t totally wrong. Even if Zuberi’s methods are disturbing.

Upon reaching the Arms Market, TY is in heaven. There are weapons of every sort, up to and including used jets and tanks. He also makes the disturbing discovery that Onotari Arms is a Saeder-Krupp subsidiary, meaning that they just framed S-K in the dracoform killing. They stock up on ammo, ask around, and are told to check the Amulet Market or the Leventis Store for more info.

The other team heads to the amulet market. Using his new contacts in The Order of St George, LS finds a buyer for the dragon bits that they obtained. They negotiate, get a good price, and also get some info: there is a man named Kayin who is a local fixer and fence that they should talk to. He deals in high level antiquities, amongst other things, and has his ear to the ground regarding local action. He is also a Hawala, and so is considered fairly trustworthy. He works out of the Leventis Market in Apapa.

The team’s meet back at the hotel, and LS helps talk Jane through some of her distress around Zuberi’s actions earlier. Rooster gets drunk with some of the local guards, and Atlas works out. They wake the next morning, and head to Leventis while Jane makes some calls. They find Kaying easily enough, and he agrees to give them some info in exchange for a favor. They are to retrieve a small metal mask from the abandoned Surelere district, and in turn he will get them invited to a viewing of the items that are up for sale in an upcoming antiquities auction. Maybe they will find what they seek there. The team agrees, and heads out.

To enter Surelere, they cross an enourmous trash mountain that seems to mark the district border. As they move further in, the team’s awakened members notice that the local manafield has a distrubing and evil feel. They cannot focus their full energies on their craft, and even Baelor (who is concealing their movement astrally) seems to be weakening. TY also keeps thinking that he sees something at the edge of his vision, but everyone else writes it off as his usual paranoia.

They begin rushing as they progress further and the background count worsens: apparently the massive death toll in this district during the VITAS I plague has a major effect. Atlas kicks in the door on the burned shell of a house, finds what looks to be some sort of animist shrine, and grabs the mask. When he does, a large number of rotting, diseased spirits of man manifest all around them. TY is temporarily paralyzed by a vision of his village when it was destroyed, and regains some memories of his youth, as well as some flashes of visions of his major cyber-reconstructions following his villages destruction. The rest of the team wisely flees.

Atlas picks Rooster up, and Baelor does the same to LS, as they are lagging. The team hoofs it while firing back at the spirits with guns and spells. As they flee, the tide of spirits behind them grows, seeming to flow in from side streets and buildings. Zuberi is sure that none of those who died here ever received appropriate rites, and decides that he must return someday and cleanse this district of the vengeful dead. They are almost back to the trash wall when they see a toxic shaman in bone armor borne atop a palanquin by 4 spirits. LS tries to scan his mind, but he counters it with a wave of his spinal column staff, and launches a massive acid wave at the team. It fries a number of the spirits, and Zuberi plows up a huge chunk of road to try to further slow their advance, but the team (aside from Rooster and Atlas) take severe damage. They manage to escape over the wall with Atlas and Baelor manhauling everyone over the top.

Most of the team head for Kayin, seeking revenge for what they feel was a setup. However, they find him calm and reasonable, and he gets them discount medical care, and tells them that now he knows that they are capable. Kayin and Zuberi also bond over Zuberi’s plans to clean up Surelere. Good to his word, he also gets them all an invite to King Adegoke’s palace to view the items that will be on the docket at the upcoming auction. The team heads for the Apapa medical center to recuperate, and LS astrally initiates with the OSG while they heal. Jane is thrilled to hear of their progress, although once again somewhat horrified by the goings-on in this city. They prepare to fly to Adegoke’s palace.

To Kill a Dragon
6/28/2012, 11:10:00 AM
Runners:
Atlas Park
Lodestone
Rooster
Thankyou
Zuberi

The runners stow their illicit gear, get licenses for everything else, and then take the bullet train to New Hlobane, the capitol of the Zulu Nation. TY gets a suggestion on a local merc bar to look for a contact from Journeyman Urb, and they head there. Rooster manages to get some info from the bartender, and is told to meet up with a Zulu fixer named Jonny Ubu at the wednesday market. The team spends a quiet night in Atlas’ fancy hotel room, and then heads for the market, a major source of talismans and reagents harvested from the awakened preserves surrounding New Hlobane.

Rooster begins asking around, and is eventually ushered into a private tent via a hidden entrance. A man dressed in tradtional Zulu clothes sits behind a small desk, and two burly Zulu guards stand watchfully near the entrance. The man tells Rooster that their conversation will not be overheard here. Zuberi also tries to ask around, until everyone else shuts him up. TY finds some food that reminds him of meals in his village as a child.

Rooster gives the man an odd pitch: the team is planning to kill a dracoform associated with Mujaji, so the Zulu’s should pay them for it. Rooster also reveals that they are performing this task at the behest of The Order of St. George. The man astutely counters that if the team is already doing the job, there is no reason for him to pay. After some discussion and negotiation, they come to terms that seem to benefit both sides. The Zulu’s will provide weaponry for the team to use on the job, and leave at the scene, as well as some limited funding, and the team will try to make further money selling valuable dragon parts, if the target is in dracoform when killed. Ubu also insists on keeping a clipping of Rooster’s hair, as an insurance policy, and tells him to make sure that noone knows that the Zulu’s were involved.

The team takes the train back to Cape Town, and Atlas smuggles something through the checkpoints at the behest of Ezekiel Grey. The team does not check what is in the package. Grey tells them that this pays their debt for the Laes they acquired through him. They receive the weapons at their hideout, all are military grade Onotari Arms weapons. Atlas practices with the laser training sim to gain some experience before using it on a run, Rooster takes a battle rifle, and they plan to bring the rhino gun (essentially a troll-portable assault cannon) and fire a few rounds as well.

They stalk the target, Merritt, for a few nights to figure out his patterns, after Exocet gives them some ideas of where to go. They find him at a few different clubs that he frequents. He seems to often leave in the company of various celebrities, or wanna-be’s, and travel home in an armored car with a driver to the vicinity of Table Mountain. The team decides to attack on the road, rather than try to breach Mujaji’s compound’s security.

They pick a spot, and Zuberi hangs around the area, gradually gaining control over the materials making up the edge of the highway overpass. On the chosen night, TY steals a heavy SUV, loads it with sand, and follows Merritt’s car. At the ambush site, he rams the car into the right shoulder rail, right after Zuberi warps it away from the rest of the highway, along with a huge chunk of conrete. Merritt’s car plummets the 50 feet to the street below. TY, unable to gain control of his absurdly momentous vehicle, follows. Both TY and Merritt (now in dragon form) manage to bail before their cars crash to the earth, although both are heavily injured in the fall. The other occupants of the car are killed on impact.

The team unleashes holy hell on Merritt with the provided weapons, as Baelor attacks astrally. Zuberi traps Merritt under the enourmous concrete wad that he has been floating around, and the team closes in for the kill. TY gets the final shot in, after staggering to his feet. As Atlas and Zuberi rip out Merritt’s teeth, eyes, and scales as fast as they can, the rest of the team realizes that noone brought an escape vehicle. They hoof it for a few blocks til they find a junker, which TY quickly accesses. LS leaves Baelor behind to chase off astral pursuers, but he is quickly overwhelmed, and LS notices some watcher spirits and a powerful aura with the appearance of a dragon following them.

TY calls Urb for help, but gets shot down. However, he soon gets an encrypted signal from the Exchange, and following that GPS point, reaches a cave system near town, which the team eners. Zuberi and Atlas close the entrance behind them, hopefully delaying astral pursuit, as well as the physical kind that they assume is enroute. TY tears off down the tunnels, trying to navigate the winding pathways to reach the geotag. The rest of the team reluctantly follows, worried that he has finally lost it. Some of the tunnels close behind them as they pass through. They eventually emerge in a lighted room partially filled with empty barrels and crates. Urb awaits them there, and tells them they better hurry, as some of their pursuers have breached the entrance to the cave system. He also reveals himelf as a member of the Exchange, and tells the team they owe him a big one, as they just cost him this hideout.

They slide down a narrow ladder into a waiting Zodiac, and head out of a partially submerged cave into ocean waves. Atlas calls Jason Park and tells him to call Exocet, get all the gear from the hideout, and get out of town. They travel for a while, and reach a cargo ship. Urb signals, and a rope ladder is dropped over the side. The team is shoved into a cargo container, and provided with 2 buckets: one empty, one full of stagnant water. The container is cold, although the smell of rotting flesh is still present- they seem to be stored amidst a pile of metahuman corpses. They spend a few days in the container, with Zuberi using his fire aura to keep them warm, before they are offloaded.

When they are finally ushered out by a silent airport employee, they see that they have arrived in the ghoul nation of Asamando. Feeling somewhat exposed and overarmored, they send Rooster into town to buy them all new clothes. Urb also messages to tell them that he has a Ms. Johnson he wants them to meet, and tells them to dress nice. Jason and Exocet say they are stuck in Azania for now, but will head for Asamando (or another destination) when able.

Two Threats and A Kidnapping
6/4/2012, 5:21:00 PM
Runners:
Atlas Park
Lodestone
Rooster
Thankyou
Zuberi

The team gets started on Ibn Hassan’sjob. Nomusais still mysteriously absent, which freaks TY out a bit, but everyone else talks him down, since Nomusa passed on some of his Azanian contacts before vanishing. The team gets three names from Hassan.
Nicolette Ecorj: The overall head of immigration and inspections at the Cape Town spaceport.
Jaime Esperanza: One of Ecorj’s division heads, in charge or organizing and assigning inspections teams.
Abdul Suleiman: Another of Ecorj’d division heads, oversees immigration quota enforcement. Is rumored to be an ICCB plant in the supposedly neutral body governing the spaceport.

In reality of course, the spaceport is controlled by corporate interests. But, they think they can use his position as a spy againt him, if they can prove it. Hassan tells the team that he want these 3 officials compromised in order to allow a group of about 4 dozen people fleeing persecution in the Caliphate to emigrate to Mars. This group will also include a half dozen prominent dissidents, who Hassan is worried will be targeted for assassination, either on Earth, during transport, or on Mars, if the fact that they are present is discovered. So the team needs to bend quotas for the bulk of the group (or smuggle them), and keep the prominent figures entirely off record.

They start with Ecorj. Exocetis able to scare up a little bit of info: Ecorj is looking to move up in the world, and is mulling a run for city council. She is popular with local conservatives, and has a ‘tough on crime & immigration’ record. Esparanze is rumored to skim off shipments with some frequency, although he is careful not to steal from Megacorps. Suleiman is widely thought to be an ICCB spy, and to occasionally use his position to smuggle ICCB agents off planet, as well as gaining travel info on ICCB citizens and regional dissidents.

LS, using his philanthropist SIN, attends some Cape Town society events, and discovers some evidence that Ecorj is associating with Humanis affiliates in her run for office. He attends a conservative party fundraiser, and confronts her with images of her in the company of some rumored Humanis members that a rival politicain gives him. She takes him to a private room, and asks what he wants. He lays out the general outline of the plan, and suggests that she look the other way on the day in question. She says that if he can prove the allegations against her subordinates, she will be willing, as she can then blame them for any irregularities. LS agrees.

They go after Esperanza first, as Ecorj agrees to give him the night off and tells them which hotel he’ll be at. She also gives an overtly racist description of Esparanza’s ‘type’, who Rooster plans to impersonate, using his various magical disguise abilities. He decides to not go for the racist bits, and changes to look like a female elf. He meets Esparanza in the bar, as planned, and takes him up to his room, where TY is waiting. They strongarm him about his skimming off of shipments, and tell him that they will be in touch when they need a favor. He caves quickly after TY fires his silenced implanted submachine gun into the floor next to his head. They exit, Rooster shifting back and changing into Esparanze’s spare suit. They tell Ecorj that he admitted to the skimming, although they didn’t get definite proof.

Meanwhile, Atlas has gotten himself kicked out of the bar for running prostitutes without the establishment’s ok. The goons who boot him tell him that his girl works for them now, and Atlas enjoys a silent laugh as he exits. The team meets back up, and contacts Ecorj again to find out about Suleiman. He apparently lives in the secure spaceport base housing, as most employees have to, and rarely leaves. They plan to kidnap him, after which LS will deepscan his mind, and pass info onto Rooster, who will impersonate him on the day in question. They will keep Suleiman dosed with Laes, to make sure he doesn’t retain any of this. Then, they will stage a beating/mugging after Rooster (in disguise) leaves, to explain Suleiman’s memory loss. They begin preparing and acquiring the necessary supplies.

After social hacking their way into the secure housing complex, Rooster and LS execute the plan succesfully. LS relays necesary info to Rooster over ‘link while keeping Suleiman stunned. Rooster gets the shipment through, after making sure that Ecorj is looking the other way and Esparanza won’t inspect it. He passes proof that Suleiman is a spy to Ecorj as promised and leaves early. They dose Suleiman and sneak back out. LS calls Hassan to tell him the mission is complete, and Hassan tells him that his debt is paid.

The team then begins preparing for the dracoform assassination. They purchase train tickets to New Hlobane, the capitol of the Zulu Nation, to try to find someone to pay them for pissing off Mujaji. They decide to hold off on contactin Lofwyr for now, as they are unsure if involving a dragon in a job for a dragon-killing society is a good idea.

Adventures in the Sun
5/21/2012, 3:00:00 PM
Runners:
Atlas Park
Lodestone
Nomusa Iblis
Rooster
Thankyou
Zuberi

The team continues their escape, with Zuberi shaping a hole in the community gate to allow the van through. They engage in a running firefight with another pair of Shiawase security drones, and after defeating them decide they need a new vehicle, as theirs is somewhat perforated. They head towards the harbor warehouses to find one. While TY steals a ride, Nomusa notices an SUV that seems to have been following them. He attacks, and LS sends Baelor to assault the occupants while Zuberi shapes the road around the SUV’s tires to prevent their escape. TY gets the new van, and the team loads up, while Baelor chases off the 2 survivors from the tail car.

They head out of the city, and meet the pickup car at the location Ezekiel Grey assigned. However, they seem to have picked up a helicopter tail as well, and a sniper in the chopper blows a hole through DeHaan’s chest (apparently Shiawase doesn’t want him defecting…). LS quickly stabilizes him with a massively overcast heal spell, and they hide in the back of the van. Atlas provides a human shield and soaks a second sniper round, while Zuberi flings grenades at the cloaked chopper, and Grey’s team fires with assault rifles.

Grey’s team brings a 2nd car out of hiding nearby, and one of them switches position with DeHaan, zipping himself into the duffel bag, hoping to deceive the sniper in the chopper. LS summons Baelor to assault the chopper, but he is banished shortly before he manifests. The runner and the 2 cars Grey sent split up and head in 3 different directions, trying to lose the tail. Through reckless driving, and good use of covered lots and such, they manage to escape with minimal additional harassment, and get to necessary medical facilities.

Grey gives LS a pay bonus for his quick thinking on the heal spell, and says that it looks like DeHaan will survive. The team heals up at Universal Omnitech’s expense, and gets paid. They head out, although Nomusa stays behind, to receive some sort of experiemental treatment. Grey tells LS he will be in touch with more work as needed.

LS also hears from Madame Gavral, via the DIVE forum. She puts him in contact with the The Order of St George, which seems to be an order dedicated to slaying dragons and their kin. The Order says that LS will be inducted as a member and gain access to their lodge if he completes a task for them: kill a dracoform allied with Mujaji (the Cape Town-based great dragon). The Order has the job all planned out, and offers to provide some funds for LS to hire a team. He tells them he will be in touch. Zuberi is excited about any jobs involving killing, and TY hates Mujaji, so LS only really has to convince Rooster and Atlas with money. They decide to contact the Zulu Nation (elves opposed to Mujaji), and possibly Lofwyr, who has been squabbling with Mujaji for quite some time.

LS also hears from Ibn Hassan, who is finally calling in the favor owed. He says that there is a group of 40-50 Middle Easterners who wish to emigrate to Mars (under Hassan’s protection) to escape persecution in the Caliphate. There are a few dissident leaders in the group that Hassan is worried might be targeted for assassination also. So, Hassan provides info about 3 immigration officials, including a spy for the ICCB (the Caliphate court), who he wants blackmailed or otherwise forced into allowing the refugees through the Cape Town spaceport, without recording the passage of the prominent figures. LS tells him he will get to work. Hassan says he has a week to prepare.

Ascent / Descent
5/13/2012, 5:51:00 PM
Runners:
Atlas Park
Lodestone
Nomusa Iblis
Rooster
Thankyou
Zuberi

The Mars runners spend hours waiting in the uppercity Evo hq, while Nikolai Morozov arranges transport off planet. Atlas also calls up Riahna Kelp to set up bribes to get them through spaceport security without hassle. Jason Park and Exocet turn up as well, to get in on the escape. They grabbed TY’s armor on the way, which is happy about, although his bike is staying.

Morozov tells them he has a secure space in a freight container that is going out that night. The 6 people will be loaded into packing crates, with an oxygen tank, a water bag, some high calorie MRE’s, and a catheter setup. They will be packed in the middle of a load of freight, glide through security if Kelp paid her bribes right, and get on the next ship to Earth. They load all the gear in a 7th crate, and nail everyone in.

The team members all go through stages of panic and claustrophobia during the lengthy journey. They spend 8 hours waiting in the warehouse before being loaded into an elevator car. They spend half a day ascending the beanstalk, and are loaded onto a spacecraft. Their crate is held magnetically to a wall track for the journey, they spend about a day rapidly accelerating, suffering some bruising from the high-g’s. After that, they coast for quite a while before beginning to slow, hitting some high-g’s again at the end.

They wait a few hours longer, then begin descending back into a nice, familiar 1 g- a little higher than Mars, it feels subtly of home. After another half day in the elevator, they hit the ground, are offloaded, and are put aboard a truck. They smell diesel fumes, and the ocean. They also hear South African dialects, and feel the heat. TY recognizes it as Cape Town, the shipping capital (and 2nd largest city) in Azania. Rooster alters himself to appear African. They spend some more time in traffic in the truck, and are met by Nomusa and Zuberi, who uncrate them (Zuberi by warping open the particle board). They load into a rental van and head back to portside slums to Nomusa’s hideout. Exocet takes off separately to set herself up somewhere.

After laying low a while, they get some work from Ezekiel Grey- they are to pick up a man from the DeBeer’s Omnitech building downtown, bring him to a gated community, enter the house of a Shiawase exec named Stephen Dehaan, kill the man they picked up, grab Dehaan (who should be cooperative) and get out. They are to ensure that no cameras are active inside the house, but are free to used whatever violence necessary as long as no one knows they took Dehaan with them. They are to use a gene scanner to positively ID Dehaan, and are to leave the dead man’s face intact.

TY steals a van, and they head out. They pick up the man, who turns out to be a mindless clone of Dehaan, as far as they can tell. He has apparently been implanted with cyberware to match Dehaan’s. They drive to the community, Rooster bluffs his way past the gate guard, and they park at the house. TY sends 2 drones in to kill the cameras, which triggers an alarm. Zuberi warps open the walls, and Atlas races in with the clone in a duffel bag. He pulls him out, snaps his neck, and stuffs the real Dehaan in the bag. He then hauls him to the van.

Meanwhile, local security is approaching, in the form of some low-skill private security, and some fancy ruthenium-coated Shiawase drones. LS summons Baelor, who makes quick work of the rent-a-cops, but the drones shred him with bullets pretty significantly before Zuberi beats them into submission. TY fires up the van, reloads his drones, gets everyone aboard, and heads out.

Next up: will they escape?

Meanwhile, In Azania
5/13/2012, 7:29:00 AM
Runners:
Nomusa Iblis
Zuberi

After meeting the mysterious man in a suit, Nomusa, Zuberi, and Horza decided to stick together, as they made a good team. Although, as the man in the suit had melted their friend Qualicus, and sent their driver Thankyou to Mars, they were low on muscle and on foot for the time being. Their memories of the whole encounter remain somewhat fuzzy: some sort of mind-alterting spell perhaps? They do remember that the man made short work of a Zulu commando squad, as well as Qualicus, just to get the diamonds, so they decide not to investigate him further for the time being.

The three remaining team members have been working together since then, on various odd jobs in and around Azania, especially in the Cape Town area. They have been working for Ezekiel Grey (a Mr. Johnson for a DeBeers-Omnitech subsidary, who had previously hired the team to clear some Cape Town slums to make way for redevelopment), Arkady (Horza’s merc company contact), and The Butcher (Nomusa’s fixer). Recently, Arkady passed Horza a tip about what went wrong on the mission that wiped out her merc company, and she took off to investigate. All offers of help were refused, as she felt this was something she had to do herself.

Now lacking sniper cover, as well as a driver and a combat monster, Nomusa and Zuberi have been taking any small jobs that come their way, Grey is still running contracts for DBO black ops involving their ongoing turf war with Shiawase. The runners are laying low in the Cape Town port slums, trying to stay off the radar of any Zulu hit squads that might come asking what exactly happened to their commando squad a few months back…

Grey recently contacted them to tell them that their old friend ThankYou would be returning soon, and giving them details of where to pick him and his team up.

The Ballad of Ultraboy
5/9/2012, 3:26:00 PM
Runners:
UltraBoy!

After UB!‘s arrest, he is detained for a while in a room. He is bound to a chair with hand and foot manacles and chains. His ’ware is all still deactivated. There is a window in the room. Jaro is in a similar looking setup on the other side. She appears injured and somewhat dazed, but doesnt look to be in active danger. He stares at her, but it seems like she can’t see him (1-way glass, perhaps?). He tries to get her attention by shouting, but it seems the room is soundproofed as well.

After a few hours, a man and a woman in Knight Errant uniforms enter. They tell UB! that their operation has been a great success; not only have they swept the streets of many of the low-level gangers, they have picked up a number of the big players as well, including One Shot Wade. They direct UB!‘s attention toward Wade’s driver, Jaro, as proof. They tell UB! that he can’t do anything for Wade now, but he can certainly help yourself, and he can help Jaro too if he cooperates.

They tell UB! that they appreciate the initiative he showed in going on the news show, and they know that he is a respected figure in the undercity, as well as a capable leader, as evidenced by the loyalty of the Ultradudes. They tell him that they want to put together a high level black-ops squad, similar to the Prime Runners, but minus the media circus. They’ll be working for KE, in secret, to take out high value targets in and around Mars City. They tell UB!: “you’ll be respected. You’ll be well-payed. You’ll be helping people. And, if you prove yourself in the field (which they have every feeling that you will), you’ll get your own team. Keep collateral damage to a minimum, and don’t let anyone know who you work for, and you could go a long way.”

Of course, if he fails to cooperate, things will go very differently for him. For Jaro, too.

But if he works with them, they see no reason they couldn’t eventually help set him up with his own undercity turf: he could be a real unifying factor for the remaining streetgang elements, something to attract all the various individuals missed in the sweep. And it would help KE out to have a friend in a position of authority down there- keeping everything in line. And, of course, if he keeps cooperating, things could go very well for Jaro too. KE has it’s own judges of course, and they can make sure that those judges take a lenient view of her activities. One suit says: “She’ll probably be real grateful to you when you get her out, right?”

They tell him that they’ll let him think on it for a while, and leave.

What’s his answer going to be when they come back?

This is UB!’s dream come true.

When the KE reps return UB! says:

“I’ll do it… but I want all the merchandising rights!”

Then he notices that little nagging feeling in his brain, the one that starts squirming when he finds himself securely inside someone’s pocket… and there’s still the skin-note-people to worry about.

The KE suits accept UB!’s conditions, although they will insist on final editorial control to prevent the leak of any sensitive info. But UB! has full merch rights & incomes. A bright future awaits, no doubt….

Everything Falls Apart
5/7/2012, 10:36:00 AM
Dramatis Personae
Runners
Lodestone
Rooster
UltraBoy!
Tobias Cheney
Thankyou
Atlas Park

The team drives around a bit and finds a bar while Tobias hacks street level cameras to follow the car that left with the algae-suit team. He tracks it to a multi-level parking structure, but is unable to find any active nodes within. He then tracks it to a junkyard, where it looks to have gotten crushed and cubed. However, only one guy leaves the car at the junkyard. Tobias crashes for a while, having not slept in a bit.

Lodestone is able to pick up the trail of the other 3 at the parking lot, and with Baelor’s help, tracks them to the spaceport, where they ascend the elevator, after meeting up with the fourth man. He gets feeling it is 3 men and 1 woman. TY and UB! head to the junkyard to investigate there while Rooster and Atlas head out to the spaceport. At the spaceport, A and R contact Riahna Kelp, who helps them get some info: 4 pretty hardass looking Japanese people in suits with no luggage came through at the time when LS placed them there. So, it seems that the Turing Army has either gotten a bit more pro, or some corp is backing them, or using their name. The team speculates that Renraku might be involved, as Daedelus emerged in their arcology. R and A rejoin the others at the junkyard.

They pay the guy there for some vid footage, and a look at the cube. It seems that the Japanese guy ditched the car and took a cab to the spaceport, paying all with credsticks. They sprayed the car down with Cleaner Cleaner again, preventing LS from picking up any useful info.

Meanwhile, Tobias calls Elton Massey to try to find out anything he can about the flight that the Japanese folks left on. T quickly realizes that Massey is trying to stall him while tracing his call- Tobias tells him he is disappointed in him and breaks the link. He then calls One Shot Wade to warn him that the guns that T and TY sold to the Problem Children might have some problems that require a software update. Wade is understandably worried and requests more info. Tobias admits that the guns might not be able to shoot KE cops, but that he can send out a software update.

He spends a few hours frantically programming a workaround, and then sends it to Wade, who says he will get it out as quick as he can. However, Tobias and the rest of the team shortly receive a message blast from Wade and others warning of a massive KE raid-they seem to know where everybody is hiding out, and where all the weapons are. Wade calls Tobias in a panic, and curses him out for selling out the gang. The rest of the team goes into panic mode. LS flees his hideout, headed for Lihua Wan’s compound in the uppercity after Ibn Hassan warns him that the crackdown is not limited to streetgang turf: KE weapons have spread throughout the undercity.

LS tells Atlas, Rooster, and TY to meet him there, but leaves out Tobias and UB!. Tobias creates a trap using a web of mines and a node broadcasting his ‘Tobias’ SIN at the undercity warehouse that he just rented out. He then goes into full stealth mode, and hides in a dark alley while sirens blare around him and choppers and drones buzz overhead. The rest of the team races for the uppercty, and potential safety.

UB! tries to round up the Ultradudes, but Jaro is busy driving Wade, trying to flee the city since their safehouse network seems compromised. In the end, only Mike shows up. UB! is contacted by a reporter Janelle Haversly, who asks if he is the head of the Ultradudes. He answers “Hell Yes!” She tells him that she got his contact from some undercity sources who said he might know what was going on down there: KE is blocking access as best they can. She offers payment for an exclusive, if UB! gets up to the Hermes Entertainment tower. UB! agrees, and brings Mike. They arrive and are ushered into makeup before their segment. UB! strongarms some producers into paying upfront, and refuses to remove his helmet, or the latex mask underneath. He also gives Mike shades and a bandana to obscure his face.

They are interviewed, and T forwards some edited data to make it look like Massey was working directly with the notorious terrorist Hamshallow, rather that with Tobias (though they are actually one and the same). UB! reveals this on air, as well as some general details of the gun smuggling op. Haversly is thrilled with the scoop, and pays well. However, as they break for commercial, she warns UB! that he better flee, as KE is sending cars to detain him, and Hermes security will only be able to hold them off so long. They provide a car, and UB! and Mike flee.

KE is quick to respond with an Emergency Broadcast declaring martial law in the undercity, since various instigators are trying to stir up trouble during this temporary and necesary sweep. KE flacks confirm that the corp sold guns to undercity criminals, but claims they were non-functional and allowed them to track and observe these same criminals, and now to successfully crack down. They deny having any dealings with Hamshallow, and claim this is a malicious piece of hacking on the part of desparate criminals. They id Hamshallow as an alias of Tobias, who they claim is a sociopath manipulating an old friendship with a former Ares exec (Patrick Henry Hughes). They also announce the the team members are all wanted under 1 or more SINS for questioning as associates of Hamshallow. They provide descriptive details and trid footage of the team in their smuggling hideout, which appears to have been monitored.

Seeing this on the news, the rest of the team abandons the Wan compound plan for the greater safety of the uppercity Evo Corporation office, after Nikolai Morozov suggests that they may want to flee Mars for a while, until things cool off. Morozov says he can protect them until he can find a way to get them off planet. They agree, and hightail it to the tower, where they are ushered into a waiting room while a serious looking individual leaves with Rooster’s car.

Tobias, also seeing these broadcasts, callsDaedelus and asks for an out. Daedelus requests and receives access to Tobias’ ’link, and sets up a HUD to show him how to get out of town. Tobias flees, and meets up with Marlowe in the desert. They then head for an Exchange safehouse away from the city. Tobias decides to exist under the Hamshallow SIN fulltime now.

UB! tries to get in on that too, but can’t shake the KE cars tailing him to get to the undercity. He calls Tamanous too, but they say they can’t help with a hot pursuit, and to only call back if he loses the cops. UB! passes the wheel to Mike, and blasts the car behind them with a series of grenades. He kills their engine (and shreds the car), but not before return fire has heavily damaged their car and critically injured Mike. UB! and Mike share a moment, swearing fealty to the Ultradudes unto death. Then UB! flees on foot, throwing his duffel full of explosives into the car and leaving a grenade linked to his PAN.

He triggers just as two more cars go by, destroying the Hermes car entirely and sending the two KE cars crashing into nearby buildings. UB! is lanuched through the air, slams into a building facade, and slides to the ground. He rights himself, and flees on foot, but he’s picked up two more tails. All visible predestrians and traffic in the area is fleeing away from the scene, so he can’t even grab a hostage or steal a car. He heads down in an alley, but is quickly cornered. The cops tell him to drop his weapons and surrender, and he won’t be harmed. They tell him his friends have abandoned him. They tell him it doesn’t have to end like this.

UB! throws his grenade launcher out, and surrenders. He decides he would rather live to fight another day than go out in a blaze of glory. Plus, he wants to know what Ultraman thought of his trid interview!

Next up: What compromises will UB! be forced to make to survive? Will the rest of the team be able to get off planet? Will Tobias find happiness as Hamshallow?

CSI: Mars City
4/30/2012, 4:00:00 PM
Dramatis Personae
Runners
Lodestone
Rooster
UltraBoy!
Tobias Cheney
Thankyou
Atlas Park

While still on the way back to the city from the launch platform, Daedelus contacts Tobias and requests that the team investigate the recent Turing Army assault on it’s warehouse combpound. Daedelus saw it coming, but was surprised at the ferocity and sophistication of the attack, and wants to know who is backing the TA financially (or operating under their name). Tobias agrees, and the rest of the team goes along, although Lodestone is still freaked out about working for a free AI with unknown goals.

Tobias also receives a call from Patrick Henry Hughes, who seems mightily distressed. It turns out that the satellite that they just stole and launched was owned by an Ares subsidiary, which the team didn’t investigate at all. Also, Ares investigators have determined that both an Ares HERF gun and an Ares Thunderstruck Gauss rifle were used in the truck hijacking. And, knowing that PHH recently sold a HERF gun and gauss supplies to a runner contact, they have been pressuring him to bring Tobias in. PHH subtly hints that the line they are speaking on in being monitored, and that T SHOULD NOT come in, were that not obvious. Tobias says he will be there shortly, hangs up, sells his apartment, and prepares to abandon his former life.

After thinking if over a bit, and talking with Daedelus, T decides not to try to rescue PHH at the moment, as it seems near impossible, and perhaps not necessary. Atlas also thinks it unlikely that PHH will be killed, probably just demoted and kept under guard. Daedelus agrees to try to pull any possible strings to help, but warns Tobias that it could end up burning him. Tobias accepts the consequences.

The team then investigates the attack. After Rooster sweettalks (and bribes) some KE officers, UB!, Rooster, Lodestone, and Atlas investigate, while Tobias does some hacking recon and TY runs drone lookouts and hangs in the getaway ride. They piece together that there were 2 suicide bombers, who appear to have had facility access, and that they were followed up by a car bomb that hit the front gate, and then another car full of attackers. The facility is heavily burned, and the remaining walls are covered in explosive scarring and bullet impact craters. There is a lot of destroyed tech around, but Tobias can’t pick up any nodes: possibly they used an EMP bomb (smart when fighting an AI?).

Lodestone tracks the survivors of the attacking party astrally, and working together with Tobias, locates their apparent hideout, a longterm motel in Striking Crane Clan turf. The team heads there, and noticing a bomb on the door, sneaks in through a window. Noone is there, and Lodestone has lost their astral trail. It appears that they filled the tub with some sort of algae, and changed into some sort of astrally masking clothing while inside, and then left again via car, based on footage Tobias is able to pull off nearby cameras. They seem to have used this place as a staging area for the bomb building and attack, as their are empty ammo boxes and bomb manufacture residue about. They also appear to have carefully erased any trace biological material with Cleaner Cleaner, preventing much in the way of further id’ing on site.

Tobias plans to track them further via street cams, and try to locate their next destination. However, the level of sophistication shown here suggests a significantly greater level of professionalism than the TA has exhibited in the past. They report in to Daedelus, and move out, after disarming the doorbomb.

Blastoff!
4/17/2012, 5:01:00 PM
Dramatis Personae
Runners
Lodestone
Rooster
Tobias Cheney
Thankyou

After recouperating in a Saeder-Krupp affiliated hospital, the team disburses to spend their hard earned money. Tobias and Thankyou are soon contacted by Daedelus/ the Exchange about doing a two part job, as part of a larger job involving multiple teams. They accept. UB! is busy with the Ultradudes, and Atlas is wrapping things up with SK from the last job, so only Rooster and Lodestone join in.

Part one is to gain access to a nearby SETI facility which has a secure lab/observatory/monitoring station that shares space with a Mars City University campus on the high point of a caldera rim. There, they will add a data packet provided by Daedelus to the software upgrade that SETI is going to beam out to it’s satellite network in 3 days time. Rooster, posing as an investment banker, meets with the local SETI head and negotiates access for himself and a client, as well as their bodyguards, which allows the whole team to be on site in disguise. Tobias manages to access the secure network, and implant the data. He then erases his presence, and sets up a camera loop so they are not caught on film in the lab, and then erases the record of the loop, making his intrusion look like merely a camera glitch, should they check. He sets off an alarm while exiting, but they seem to believe the camera trick, and the team leaves without trouble. Rooster promises to be in touch about his client’s money, and then sends a regretful e-mail about their decision not to get involved.

For part two, the team has to intercept a convoy moving from one secure facility in the wastelands to another near the spaceport. They will take out the tail and lead cars, any security personnel, and any tracking devices. They will then steal the semi-trailer carrying the desired commodity, and bring it to a location in the wastes that Daedelus specifies. Tobias scouts the route via satellite, and lets TY choose a good ambush site. He also buys a new HERF gun from Patrick Henry Hughes to replace the one that got melted a while back. TY purchases all the engine repair components they will need to get the semi running again after HERFing it.

They set up their ambush, and TY HERFs the semi on his second try. It rapidly comes to a stop, as do the 2 security SUV’s trailing and leading it. They are marked with ‘wide load’ signs, and the semi cargo looks to be house-sized, although it is encased it protective casing of some sort. The team easily dispatches the 3 security goons and 3 drivers, who look like pretty standard corpsec types. They then tag erase the semi and cargo, after Tobias scans for emitting nodes. They haul ass to the second site, and find an enormous multiple kilometer long ramp stretching out across the Mars desert. Huge camo tarps lie to either side. They drive to the low end of the ramp, where a crane is waiting to unload their cargo. There is also what looks like a large rocket booster and multiple fuel tankers. They seem to have stolen a satellite.

Daedelus enlists Tobias’ assistance in swapping out a large and very dense hardrive for one that Tobias removes from the satellite. Once installed, the crane hauls it onto the launch track, where the other runners present begin connecting the booster under Berokh’s and Daedelus’ instruction. They are told to hurry, as corpsec forces are no doubt on their way. A hum and strange pressure fill the air as magnets along the launch track are readied. Once the booster is attached, the Daedelus body on site directs everyone away from the engine, and fires it up. The satellite, with booster attached, rockets up to an incredible speed before launching skyward, its ablative coating shining. It drops the first stage of the the booster on the way up. Daedelus instructs everyone to clear out and cover their tracks to avoid arrest.

The team is paid for the jobs, and once back in the city, hears news reports of a press release from their old nemeses, the Turing Army. The TA is claiming that they have finally cornered and destroyed the rogue AI Daedelus in its undercity warehouse compound. News footage shows burning buildings, and reports gunfire and explosions in the area earlier in the day. Lodestone and Rooster piece together who exactly they have been working for, and find themselves a bit disturbed.

Arctic Assault!
4/2/2012, 6:52:00 PM
Dramatis Personae
Runners
Lodestone
Rooster
UltraBoy!
Tobias Cheney
Thankyou
Atlas Park

Combining Tobias’ matrix investigations of the rural airport that the Tamanous pilot took off from with Lodestone’s astral tracking, the team is able to get a rough area of South pole glacial field that the secret Tamanous base is likely located in. Atlas takes this info to Tony Barnes, who is able to use Saeder-Krupp’s admittedly impressive tech to narrow it down to a 1 km radius. Atlas gives Barnes a shopping list of supplies that the team requests for the mission, most of which they get, and then Barnes loads them onto a chameleon-coated VTOL and sends them South, with a powerful antenna that they are supposed to activate in the center of the facility. They will then have a 10 minute window to vacate the area before it is destroyed with orbital weaponry.

Upon arrival in the area, the VTOl pilots use their sensor array to locate the exact (concealed) base entrance, and blast it open with a missile barrage. They then pull a crazy Ivan, flipping the VTOL around and landing in the raw opening of the landing bay backwards. They order the team out quickly, and fly back out of the opening, to circle and surveil until extraction.

The team makes quick work of a surprised security guard in the air traffic control booth in the bay, and gains access to the next room, where they make short work of the 5 security goons who have tried to fortify behind some refrigeration equipment. Tobias’ gauss rifle proves their barriers a joke. The guards are all ghouls, and are using a safe target system and frangible rounds to avoid damaging the expensive equipment present. The team moves on, Tobias having secured a facility personnel ID comm code to open further doors. It seems like they don’t have a facility-wide network (perhaps due to extreme paranoia) which now might work to their advantage, as Tamanous may not be able to easily lock them out. There are physical alarm sirens and lights going off, however. Tobias also finds a disturbing external camera feed, showing the crashsite of their stealth VTOL. So, no ride.

The team encounters 6 more guards, in milspec gear, in the hall, and take considerable damage before downing them. They find a few rooms of vatgrown/preserved organs, limbs, and other tech and implants. Tobias downloads all the info he can, but it seems the system does not have any stored client info, just vat status reports and the like. They find a young woman in what appears to be a recovery suite, and Lodestone gets a disturbing feeling of absence from her aura- she seems to not really be inside herself, some sort of blank person. Atlas, in a kamikaze-fueled combat rage, quickly kills her, ending the discussion of what to do.

In the hall, UB! loses control of himself as something hijacks his body. He touches Tobias, draining him of his life energies and sending his body into a rapid shutdown. UB! feels the entity controlling him grow more powerful as it does this. The rest of the team rushes into the hall after seeing Tobias’ biomonitor flatline, and manage to subdue UB!, who appears to be possessed. The spirit vacates his body, bursting forth in a cloud of blood and dealing serious damage, and flees up what appears to be a secret elevator exit. LS sends a watcher spirit after it, but the watcher is quickly killed or banished.

In the next room, the team finds a Horizon exec, Ted McNicholson ,getting a Leonization treatment, guarded by a serious looking corpsec type. They work out a deal to get a ride out of the polar region with these guys in exchange for leaving them alive, although they ask after the young woman, and don’t seem to entirely believe Rooster’s story that the blood spirit killed her. Tobias fetches two cowering ghoul doctors from the last remaining room, and finds that they have wiped the system of all client data. He wants to kill them, but McNicholson convinces the team to let him bring the two doctors back to Mars City under his control, after they disconnect him from his treatment.

The team checks up the elevator shaft, and discovers (via drone scout) a secret exit through an ice cave out onto a small shelf, on which the trashed remains of 3 gliders sit. It looks like there may have been 5 originally. Combined with the spirit, this means that the 2 most disturbing auras that LS saw astrally when entering the facility also escaped, apparently, one of them possibly being The Brassface Man. The drone feed then goes dead. UB!, using his t-ray, discovers and maps a minefield between the team and the shelf, and starts picking his way through to check things out more, while LS astrally scouts ahead.

LS tracks down one of the disturbing auras about 700 meters away, and using his impressive brain scan abilities, ID’s it as former teammate and Prime Runner April O’Mally. She has apparently been recontructed by something called the Gilgamesh Initiative after her seemingly fatal encounter with Halfman. She also now has an active astral presence, which LS doesn’t want to get too close to. She tells him to leave and forget he ever found this place, and seeing that she has summoned astral assistance, he hightails it to his body, leaving Baelor behind to hold off his pursuers. LS warns UB! not to continue to the cave mouth, as April is covering it with a long-range silenced rifle, aided by a targeting drone that is painting targets for her. She shot down the drone.

The team decides that they have uncovered the whole of the facility, and heads back downstairs. Using their recently acquired arctic survival gear (and some grappling guns), they descend the sheer cliff face under the blasted open hanger door, and make their way to a pickup point a safe distance from the facility (to avoid the upcoming explosion, and avoid losing a 2nd craft to AA fire). Tobias remains behind to activate the device, which he does, and then Iron Man’s it out the front using his suit-mounted rocket pack, along with his underarm squirrel-glide ‘wings’. He powersails down to the team, and sticks the landing with an acrobatic flourish. Golf claps all around.

McNicholson’s guard pops open his briefcase and radios for pickup, and after waiting for about 15 minutes, their ride arrives and safely transports them back to MC. McNicholson tells Rooster he will be in touch should he require the team’s services in the future- a new Johnson perhaps? Atlas contacts Barnes, who tells them that it was a job well done, and forwards them 120k nuyen, and tells them that SK had other teams wipe the rest of the discovered Tamanous facilites, while quiet backroom contact was made on Earth with the main Tamanous organization, who have disavowed knowledge of the Mars splinter factions ‘extracurricular’ activities. They will be sending up new personnel to take over the non-destroyed facilities and rebuild their Mars operations.

Surveillance Time!
3/2/2012, 11:26:00 AM
Dramatis Personae
Runners
Lodestone
Rooster
UltraBoy!
Tobias Cheney
Thankyou
Atlas Park

After receiving instructions from Tony Barnes, the team surveilles the Tamanous facility. Tobias carefully hacks in, and adds TY to the list of authorized drivers, and Rooster to the list of authorized doctors on call. UB! then calls in some more bodies (some folks who owed Ibn Hassan some money), and Tamanous calls TY to pick them up, and Rooster to come extract their organs.

The pickup goes off without a hitch, and TY manages to leave some mini-drones behind unnoticed. Rooster, however, has a complete lack of medical knowledge, and manages to stumble through the organ harvesting on sheer charisma, with major assistance from the Tamanous employees, and suggestions from Tobias via Tacnet. TY sneaks one of the drones into an organ package, after they determine that some organs are going to listed hospitals, and some are going to unlisted facilities.

The drone leads them to a wasteland storage facility, where they appear to keep the organs alive by grafting them onto host bodies, which are kept in some sort of induced coma. The team is horrified, to varying degrees. From there, they manage to piece together the Tamanous network a bit more, discovering the locations of two well-concealed wasteland clinics near to Mars City, as well as a back alley dive bar that some of the drivers seem to frequent between assignments.

While observing the bar, Tobias sets up a conversational filter software to alert them to certain keywords being said. It eventually goes off, and they listen in on a convo with a man who seems to be a pilot, and says he came in ‘from the south’. Lodestone astrally follows him, with Baelor’s help, and is able to determine that he is traveling via some sort of sub-orbital flight path, giving him a range encompassing essentially the entire southern hemisphere. LS breifly manifests once the plane stops moving forward, and begins to descend, and finds that it is a medium sized VTOL craft, which performs a difficult looking insertion into a landing bay cut into the side of what appears to be the south polar glacier, based on locally visible constellations.

With this knowledge, LS traces the pilot’s astral signature back to the location of the airfield that he took off from. Tobias prepares to hack in and learn what he can about the flightpath, and the exact location of the base. Atlas contacts Barnes again, as this seems like this may be the main base, and they have found what they can of the rest of the network. He tells the team to exactly locate the base, and they will proceed from there.

Meanwhile, UB! has been haging out with his newest Ultradude, Mike, and teaching him how to shoot with a gun that Jaro provides.

Next up: Polar Assault!

To Serve Manburgers
12/13/2011, 3:58:00 PM
Dramatis Personae
Runners
Lodestone
Rooster
UltraBoy!
Tobias Cheney
Thankyou
Atlas Park

Rooster, disguised as a starving ghoul, manages to talk his way into the African ghoul tenement, telling them he is from Chicago. Although he tries to avoid it, he downs a bowl of suspicious meat stew while gaining the ghoul’s trust, and arranges to return the next day to meet their supplier.

Meanwhile, UB!, along with his UltraDude of the day, hears of a firefight in progress and heads there to grab some bodies. He cuts off their gang tattoos with his monofil katana, freaking out the ‘Dude a bit. Jaro tells him of some of Ivan’s old body-storage spots, and he heads to the nearest and arranges a pickup with Tamanous. The driver shows up, after UB! has terrified Mike, his ‘Dude, by suggesting that he probably won’t survive very long. Mike takes off as UB! and the Tamanous driver examine the bodies and load them up in the truck. UB1’s debt is slightly reduced.

The team, minus Tobias, meets up at Slot to plan their next move, and drink. UB! tries to make amends with Mike, with some (awkward) success. He also finally hooks up with Jaro. LS fails to find a willing partner, and goes home alone, as do the rest of the team. Tobias is busy liasoning between the Problem Children/ Mad Martians and Knight Errant, to pave the way for an easy cooperation once LoneStar is out of the way.

Rooster receives a call from John Caruthers, who as thanks for finding out who killed his uncle and nieces, has located Rooster’s missing car. It still has the two surveillance drones inside, so TY tunes them up and uses them when Rooster returns to the tenement. He is ushered into the back while LS observes astrally, alongside his spirit Baelor. Rooster purchases some fresh human meat from two ghouls in the back of a freezer truck that has backed up to a loading dock on the back of the building. LS gets a read on their auras, and he and Baelor follow them when they leave.

The auras stop for a while, seem to change speed (as if walking), and then vanish. LS thinks they probably entered an astrally sealed space, or passed through a mana barrier. He and Baelor manifest, and find the location of the warehouse that the truck entered. It looks fairly secure, but isn’t especially large. Atlas calls it in, and Tony Barnes tells him to find out more about it and report back before making a move. Saeder-Krupp believes that the main Tamanous facility is not in the city proper but don’t have any good leads, so they hope to gain more knowledge through surveillance of known facilties.

LS returns to the car to report this info. Luckily, the team hasn’t moved and his body is still where he left it. The car is starting to smell pretty bad from the human meat in the back. TY becomes convinced, due to his superstitious nature, that they must eat the flesh, raw, to suceed in the coming mission. Atlas disagrees, and leaves. The rest head to Slot again, and UB! starts a trashcan fire, attracting some hungry bar patrons. TY tries to interest them in joining in, but Rooster quietly convinces them that it isn’t actually human flesh and gets them to leave (and buy him a drink). Tobias and LS both eat alongside TY, before he throws the rest into the fire. UB! refuses to try any, which convinces TY that he can’t fully trust either him or Atlas.

Next up: surveillance!

The End of the Prime Runners
12/4/2011, 5:18:00 PM
Dramatis Personae
Runners
Lodestone
Rooster
UltraBoy!
Tobias Cheney
Thankyou
Atlas Park

The team collects themselves, makes sure the Prime Runner van is destroyed and empty, and finishes off Wakizashi, the injured street sam. Not seeing any other life, they check the nearby area until Daedelus calls and tells them that he has the rigger’s location, and some bad news. Apparently the rigger called a LoneStar contact, and there is a drone strike incoming on their location.

They abandon the hideout to chase down the rigger (and avoid the explosion). TY cuts him off, and they kill him. Tobias hacks his comm while everyone else gets extracted to a medical facility where Saeder-Krupp is footing the bill, Atlas having sold them on this being a necesary expense. They heal up, and T finds out that UB! has a backdoor in his comm that Remus Chandrasekharan had added on some time ago. T erases it.

After LoneStar claims credit for eliminating the fugitive Prime Runners, the team edits together a trideo of the battle, with their id’s concealed in the style of the PR episodes, but with the PR members revealed. Tobias also adds in a “Hamshallow Sends His Regards” announcement, trying to suggest that the PR team was connected to or included that wanted bomber (who is actually Tobias, although only UB! knows this). The team sells this trideo to Knight Errant for a sizable sum, and Elton Massey tells Tobias that their plans have finally borne fruit: KE is getting a bunch of LoneStar’s undercity contracts. EM tells T to have the gangers keep the heat on the Star until the switch, and then back off. T passes this on to One Shot Wade, with his assurances that KE will in turn play fair with the gangs.

The team spends their money on some new armor and gear, feeling slightly underpowered after their run-in witht the PR team. Rooster spends a day focusing on his magical pursuits, and gains some new abilities, such as aura masking. The team then turns to tracking down the diamonds and their thieves at Atlas’ insistence. They review their info about Tamanous and decide to track down some local ghouls, in the hope that they purchase excess metahuman flesh from them. Ibn Hassan points them in the direction of some African ghoul immigrants near his area, and Rooster disguises himself as a ghoul to attempt to put them at ease. TY, Lodestone, and Atlas accompany him.

Meanwhile, UB! receives a call from Tamanous, telling him that due to Ivan’s recent death, they require UB! to take over the role of theirgang turf supplier. He agrees, seeing an opportunity to a) reduce his debt, and b) gain access to info about how to strike out at them. They tell him to have a crew of subordinates help him stow bodies after any lethal firefights, call it in, and load the bodies onto freezer trucks. He agrees.

The team decides to pursue both leads, hoping that one or both will lead to some sweet revenge, and a payday from SK.

Some Old Friends Reappear
11/28/2011, 11:33:00 AM
Dramatis Personae
Runners
Lodestone
Rooster
UltraBoy!
Tobias Cheney
Thankyou
Atlas Park

Tobias, Thankyou and the gangers arrive at the warehouse. UB! and Jaro are busy trying to revive Rooster while hiding inside. As T and TY investigate Katana’s corpse, they come under fire from a sniper. Rooster, awake, tells them it is probably a decoy or remote, but TY genades up the apartment it came from, just in case. Fearing LoneStar’s imminent arrival, they leave the wrecked Prime Runner van alone, but toss Katana’s body in the trunk after running a tag eraser over him.

They decide not to pursue the PR team, after Lodestone and Tobias review the multitude of possible escape routes they may have taken since they last had watcher spirits on their trail. The various team members head off to recuperate in assorted hidy holes and medical clinics of varying repute. TY joins up, and Tobias finishes setting up the team TacNet. T also spends a bit of time setting up a personal medical facility at his condo.

Lodestone receives a message apparently from his Saeder-Krupp contact, and heads downtown to meet up. Rooster accompanies him while TY keeps an eye out outside. UB! decides not to attend, and gets drunk with some Ultradudes!, to celebrate their successful selling off of the drugs that he and T manufactured. He cuts a bunch of stuff apart with the monofil katana he took off of Katana’s corpse. They also got an HV submachine gun, which Rooster holds onto, and some decent light military armor. UB! posts some photos on some popular matrix sites of him posing ‘comically’ with the corpse.

LS meets the contact, a tall asian troll named Atlas Park, who is there with a troll he introduces as his brother, Jason Park. Jason seems to be a sort of personal assistant. Atlas obliquely tells the runners that he is being employed indirectly by SK, in order to verify the info that LS provided, recover the diamonds if possible, and take revenge on the parties responsible for their theft. LS and Rooster hit it off with him, and they all go out for drinks after, while TY stands guard. Tobias is stuck healing up in his personal medical suite and stews at not being invited, or even being able to attend.

Late that night, T, TY, and UB! get an urgent call from One Shot Wade demanding that they meet him immediately in the undercity. They head to the location specified, a burned-out two story building, and head inside after determining that it isn’t a trap. Wade is in the back, where Ivan the Jackle has been hung from the ceiling and tortured to death. He has a large, ragged “PR” logo carved into his chest. The runners are understandably distraught, as they had been hoping to rescue their friend. After contacting LS, who brings in Atlas and Rooster, they come up with a strategy to enact some bloody revenge.

LS gets in touch with a lawyer, to publicize the extrajudicial execution. As there have been a lot of rumors about excesses in the PR program, this new proof does not seem too farfetched. After taking down the body, and leaving the scene, they call in favors from the skin-noters (now ID’d as Tamanous) and Daedelus to ID some of the PR team. They already know that Mikko Asparen is the rigger, ‘Geargrinder’. Atlas calls in a favor at Evo Corporation and gets some photos and biometric data. Tamanous, who Ivan worked for, ID ‘Ghost Messenger’, as April O’Mally, a former newscaster that they did some work on for an unknown party in a blacksite clinic. This worries the team, as UB! shows them trid footage from April’s old sim channel: she is a cybernetic killing machine, and her allegiances seem to have shifted. The team also ID’s ‘Bridman’ as the bird shaman and Olympus Prime founder, Bathcat.

UB! records himself making a rousing anti-PR (and anti-LoneStar) speech, and shows Ivan’s corpse, as well as presenting all of the ID info they have. The team also starts an assassination reward fund, for anyone who wants to see the PR team dead to contribute to. Anyone who provides info leading to the death of PR members (or kills them themselves) will receive a slice of the money. Daedelus and Tobias both kick in a good starting amount. The team then heads out to their gunrunning hideout in the wastes to wait a bit and see what happens. Atlas joins them, telling Jason he’ll be out of touch for a few days.

T watches the news over a few days and reports to the team that LoneStar is being forced to disavow the PR program and team after some serious public pressure. There is also a movement afoot to remove some of LS’ undercity security contracts and replace them with Knight Errant. Then, a bulletin comes in: apparently a LoneStar SWAT team attempted to detain the PR team, who fought their way out and are currently wanted for murder, assaulting officers, etc. Tobias and team celebrate. Atlas seems to get along with everyone reasonably well, altough TY makes him a bit uncomfortable, and he is worried about UB!’s rep as a loose cannon. However, he also joins the TacNet, putting the team up to full potential when they are all running it.

Lodestone, fearing that the PR team or others might try to track them down, posts some watcher spirits, who return with the disturbing news that they noticed another spirit observing the hideout. The team gears up and prepares for action. An alarm goes off in T’s comm alerting him to cyber-intrusion into the building’s system. He calls Daedelus and requests some support, which D agrees to, in rememberance of Ivan. T and TY barrel out the front door and head for the rood to gain a better vantage point. Rooster and UB!, next through, sadly do not have camo armor and are hit by snipers, taking some damage. Rooster ducks back inside while UB! heads around the exterior.

T, TY and UB! fire on a PR logo van speeding towards the generator and manage to destroy it. UB! is then attacked by a near invisible street sam with a monofil blade: Wakizashi! He takes some serious damage before Atlas joins the fight and disarms him. Together, they beat the street sam down. Sadly, Atlas is heavily injured and ko’d by one of the snipers. The other sniper is keeping the front door covered, until Lodestone toxic waves him, and he puts his head up, at which point Tobias takes it off with his gauss rifle. They ID this PR as April’s old friend Remus Chandrasekharan, aka ‘Wolfchild’.

After a fireball scorches the inside of the building, Lodestone summons Baelor, who grapples the invisible flying mage who has been assaulting them with spells. The mage splits apart into a flock of birds to escape temporarily, but Baelor reestablishes his hold and crushes him to death.

Two drones are laying down machine gun fire on the hideout, meanwhile. UB! and Rooster team up to take them out, but there is no sign of the rigger, unless he was in the van. TY takes out what he thinks is another sniper position but seems to be another decoy. However, they are no longer coming under fire, and the team is able to pause for a minute and catch their breath.

Next up: do they pursue the remaining two Prime Runners? The team fears that April will not abandon the fight….. but where is she?

Conversation With Dragons
11/21/2011, 3:36:00 PM
Dramatis Personae
Runners
Lodestone aka Kealt Sanja
Rooster
UltraBoy!
Tobias Cheney

The runners safely return to the city via their various routes, and deliver Marlowe and his team safely into the Exchange‘s custody. Thankyou receives a message from a mysterious source telling him “Keep up the good work”, and believing it to be from his benefactor, he is thrilled. He decides to celebrate by finally getting his whole rigging suite installed. He disappears into a clinic for a few days. UB! finds out that the UltraDude who was hospitalized after the LoneStar SWAT assassination is still in a coma, and no-one is paying his bills. UB!, sadly, is out of money. Rooster tries to start putting his life back together, paying Exocet to set up a new SIN, and accessing the funds that LoneStar didn’t seize.

Lodestone has a message from Detective McCormick, demanding info about the spaceport raid. He decides to ignore him, but fears he is now wanted by the Star. Lodestone returns a call from an unknown number, and talks to the Brassface man (he thinks), and promises to stop interferring in the diamond business. In exchange, Brassface suggests the LS and the team will be left alone. Although, Brassface expresses his displeasure with Rooster, so he might be in trouble. He burns most of his SINS, gets a new one from Ibn Hassan, and hides out for a bit. Hassan also says that he has made contacts with both Aden and Lofwyr’s organizations, and will make contact if LS still wants. LS tells him to contact Lof only, deciding not to trust Brassface.

Tobias, hearing all this, decides to share the info he required from Daedelus with the team. They head out to the hideout to talk, since it is the only secure place they can think of. Brassface appears to be connected to the skin-noters, who Tobias now knows are a Tamanous faction on Mars. He believes that this faction was involved with hiding the diamonds, and suggests that LS feed them to Lofwyr. UB!, humorously, has a job from Tamanous, to drive some freezer trucks out to a facility in the wastes. The team declines to participate, so he recruits some UltraDude wannabes from the Problem Children ranks. The team also receives the upsetting news that Ivan the Jackle, identified in the news as “Hamshallow’s Driver”, has been captured by the Prime Runners. This makes UB!’s recent purchase of the entire PR merch line somewhat awkward. He decides to keep wearing the hat anyway, since it looks cool.

They meet the trucks, and head out. The team tells UB! to hurry back for the “Christian Melange Presents: HCB Lives!” Crod Stompaz tribute benefit. The trucks reach the facility, and find a seemingly abandoned farm. They park in the barn, and head down a concrete tunnel into a medical bunker. The place is trashed, and they find a wrecked office, medical room, and a few executed employees. UB! spots some suspicious wiring, traces it to a timer and some explosives, and flees. Sadly, one of the the UltraDudes trips on the way out, and UB! slams the exterior door shut to dampen the explosion. They head back to the trucks, find the tires slashed, and flee the barn. The trucks blow, collapsing the barn, and an ARO phrase in German pops up in UB!’s hud. Tobias translates it as “you have something of mine”. UB! reports all this to Tamanous, and decides the message was probably for them. He gets a cab back with the 2 surviving ’Dudes and they head to the concert.

LS, before going to the show, talks to someone from Lofwyr’s org on Earth, and tells him essentially all of the info that he has. The timelag makes the convo a bit awkward, but the man tells LS that they appreciate the local assistance, and will have a local agent get in touch with further instructions. They transfer some money as an advance payment, and the agent warns LS not to disappoint. Tobias finds that there is a lot of speculation amongst commentators and pundits that LoneStar isn’t properly enforcing security in their areas. Apparently, Knight Errant has been publicizing the SWAT deaths and spaceport detention center raid embarassments. Good news!

They head to the show, and hang out a bit, and then take off. UB! shows up later, and gets trashed with Jaro at the bar, commiserating over lives lost and Ivan’s capture. He hides his PR hat, though. They eventually bail on the show to go smash some stuff in an abanodoned warehouse. Rooster and Exocet leave shortly after, and notice that someone is tailing UB and Jaro pass out in the warehouse, but are soon awakened, as they come under attack by the Prime Runners. UB! is quickly ko’d, but Rooster arrives on the scene in time to help. He commands the street sam hauling UB! out of the warehouse to drop him, and commands the cab that he and Exo were riding in to smash into the PR’s van. Lodestone summons his elemental, Baelor, to fight the street sams, while Tobias races to the scene. T also calls One Shot Wade and tells him to get anyone he can to the warehouse.

LS fights a mage in astral space, while Baelor demolishes one of the street sams, smashing his head into a fine pulp, but is defeated by a combo of sniper fire, and the other street sam. The PR team flees through the alley into the sewers, and LS sends some watcher spirits to try to tail them. The snipers ko Rooster, while Jaro heals UB! a bit. They haul Rooster into the warehouse and take cover as gang cars approach. Tobias plans to try to chase the PR team into the sewers.

Raid and Rescue
11/8/2011, 4:29:00 PM
Dramatis Personae
Runners
Lodestone aka Kealt Sanja
Thankyou
Rooster
UltraBoy!
Tobias Cheney

The team sucessfully links up with TY, who passes off the latest Knight Errant shipment to Ivan’s assembled gangers: a crate of assault rifles for each ganger car. There are 13 cars in the convoy, disguised as a funeral procession. UB! has packed a coffin with explosives in the hearse. Two other cars are empty, rigged by Ivan to detonate mines and crash through the fences. The other ten carry the team and gangers, and will carry prisoners out again.

They head out towards the spaceport, diverting off the highway at the last minute and heading across the desert towards the prison complex. Tobias hacks into the system again, gains admin access, and inserts his edited targeting program with no problems. The convoy hits the fences, and the hearse and dummy cars set off a large series of explosions from the electrified fence and minefield. The rest of the cars start piling through the hole, but get backed up in a huge dustcloud. The first car gets pretty fried going through the remains of the 2nd fence. Tobias opens all complex doors and shuts down the cameras.

The cars pour in, and spread out. The team car heads for the buildings that Marlowe and his crew are supposed to be in. Tobias announces over the comm system that the facility is being liberated, and that there are guns waiting for the prisoners in cars outside their buildings. KS and UB! take out some guards, as well as the security mage, who does some serious damage before dying, including defeating KS’s spirit friend Baelor in astral combat.

Meanwhile, inside, Rooster has just convinced one of the guards to hand over his keys when the guard is decapitated by a burst of autofire from the turret over the door. Rooster gets other prisoners organized to start unlocking themselves, and finds a mage, who he frees, figuring he’ll do some damage once he’s out of his magecollar.

KS and UB! find Marlowe and Astrid in the first building they search, free & arm them, and leave the keys with the other prisoners to free themselves. They start destroying turrets as they go, after noticing them power down again. TY decapitates both gaurd towers with RPG rounds once the turrets drop. Meanwhile, Tobias has been discovered in the matrix, takes some damage from IC, gets his connection jammed open, and has to hotdump, leaving him dazed and shaky, as well as severly injured. He sits in the car for quite a while, trying to remember how to assemble his shotgun.

KS and UB! continue to the next building, find Berokh, and once again leave the keys for the remaining prisoners. TY, Tobias, and the gangers/armed prisoners exchange fire with the remaining LS officers in the processing building (seemingly the facilities redoubt in case of assault), and manage to do some damage. The remaining turrets finish rebooting and start firing on the assaulting parties and armed prisoners.

TY links up with Rooster, and finds that he has already loosed Scratch, the mage. Rooster and Scratch load up and head out in a ganger car with other prisoners. KS, UB, and the rest of Marlowe’s team do the same. The rest of the gangers follow suit, as sirens are becoming audible in the distance. Those that don’t fit in cars begin fleeing en masse on foot. They also notice news choppers monitoring events: apparently Elton Massey alerted them as Tobias suggested.

TY and the rest manage to come up with a number of different routes back into the undercity, as well as some hideouts in the wastelands, so the surviving cars all split up and head in different directions. As the flee towards the city, the sound of distant gunfire continues and they notice an ominous explosion from the direction that one of the wasteland cars headed. The team hopes for the best….

Raids and Detentions
10/24/2011, 9:57:00 AM
Dramatis Personae
Runners
Lodestone aka Kealt Sanja
Rooster
Tobias Cheney

Sanja is interrogated, once again by LoneStar Detective McCormick, who seems to have taken a particular interest in him. Sanja tells what he was doing for Toomey (i.e. researching the magical diamonds), and suggests that he will cooperate further if LoneStar helps keep him alive, as he is worried that one or more dragons might be after him. He also gives up one of Rooster’s fake SINS as the ID of his accomplice in infiltrating the hotel. He is once again let go, with a warning to stay in contact and out of trouble. Sanja promises to relay any new info he uncovers in regards to the diamonds, Hamshallow, or anything else to McCormick. Figuring that McCormick might have him followed, he gets Ibn Hassan to set him up with a hideout & activate his newest fake SIN. Sanja also keeps a “detect individual: McCormick” spell going, to find out if the detective is ever close.

After Sanja warns him of LS’ portential interest, Rooster purchases a lethal BTL dose, and installs that and his junkie SIN on a disposable comm. He then finds an especially decrepit looking junkie in the undercity, and foists it off on him, hoping that he will take the BTL, die, and divert LS’ attentions from Rooster himself. It is at this moment that he realizes how far his newfound teammates’ influence have pulled him away from the pacifist path he had been following (after a promise to his mother). He decides that what she doesn’t know won’t hurt her.

Tobias analyzes the data he retrieved from Robert Toomey‘s commlink. He sets off a data bomb on a file that seems to be travel & purchase records, but successfully accesses a video file. It shows the last moments of Toomey’s life, picking up as he lets in The Brassface Man (from Thankyou‘s recollections of the spaceport). Toomey seems surprised and worried to see him. The man gives Toomey the missing artefact from Arlen Thompson’s, and presses Toomey for information about Sanja and the group. Toomey devolves as much as he knows, basically just contact info and description. The man then kills him (seemingly with spellcraft) and the video ends.

Hearing this, Sanja is even more worried. He goes to see Ibn Hassan, and purchases Rooster a replacement SIN for the one he gave up, and then asks Hassan a large favor: Sanja wants to be put in touch with either or both of the great dragons he thinks are pursuing him, and requests that Hassan reach out (cautiously) to see if that is possible. Hassan says that he may know some people back on Earth who have connections to Aden’s organiztions and to Saeder-Krupp, and will do what he can. In exchange for an appropriate donation, or some future work, of course. Sanja agrees.

Ivan the Jackle & Daedelus both contact Tobias to warn him that LS is engaging in a massive sweep in street gang turf, apparently in response to the recent SWAT assassinations, although there has been no public mention of those. Ivan says that One Shot Wade wants those deaths publicized, for effect. Daedelus wants Tobias to rescue some participants in the Exchange who have gotten caught up in the sweeps. There is apparently a new detention center out by the spaceport which LS is using as a proccessing point for all the detainees. Daedelus provides some intel about the spaceport, and Tobias plans to do some hacking recon.

Tobias, sensing an opportunity, agrees to both of these requests, and calls Elton Massey. Massey agrees to increase the flow of weapons to the undercity, to better fight LS, and to fund Tobias in assaulting the detention center and freeing inmates there. Massey suggests that this will go better if it looks like a gang operations, and not a targeted rescue, and Tobias agrees. Massey provides some useful intel about the layout of the spaceport facility, from KE satellites. Massey also agrees to look into the SWAT deaths, and pass any reportable info onto news sources.

Tobias also calls Patrick Henry Hughes to warm him of the danger that Tobias has found himself in, and suggests that if PHH or Ares was itching to try out any particular tech against a dragon, Tobias may have that opportunity. PHH is worried but supportive. Tobias also forwards video footage of the Brassface man, and specualtion about Aden’s magical cloak, in the hopes that Ares can develop something from that.

Rooster receives a call on his Vendiagram SIN that the LS station in the undercity needs a resupply on some snacks. He grabs an appropriate van, purchases some snacks, and heads over, only to be immediately arrested upon his arrival, and beaten unconscious by some spectacularly angry SWAT team members. Upon regaining consciousness, he is interrogated by three LS detectives about his role in the assassinations, but amazingly manages to spin a story about his mother having been kidnapped and held hostage to force him to engage in criminal activity. With some relucatnce, the LS detectives eventually buy it, and while he is still under arrest, Rooster feels significantly better about his position. He ID’s the Brassface man for the kidnapping as the ringleader of the plot. He is transferred to the holding facility near the spaceport.

Meanwhile, Tobias and Sanja do some recon. The detention center appears to have multiple watcher spirits observing it’s astral surroundings, as well a projecting mage. There are two concentric circles of electrified wire, with what looks to be a 20-ft minefield in between, ringing the enclosure. There is one heavily guarded entrance, where prisoners are brought up from the city and processed in. There are four holding buildings, and three guard towers. All in all, pretty secure. Tobias decides to hack in, and manages to breeze through the system with no significant trouble, even imitating an LS employees avatar to avoid suspicion.

He gains access to a prisoner manifest, and finds the four people that Daedelus wants rescued on it, as well as Rooster. He finds camera and door controls. And he finds and copies the software that operates the automated turrets, which he plans to alter to attack LS instead of prisoners. They plan to have gangers flood the area and pick up as many freed detainees as possible, while a small team tries to rescue the specific Exchange members and Rooster. Ivan says says that he can get a bunch of gangers and cars as long as ThankYou and Tobias can supply the guns. Massey confirms that TY has met the latest shipment at the safehouse, so it seems like they are good to go.

Next up: the assault!

A Daring Escape, an Interrogation, and Some Assassinations
10/3/2011, 12:21:00 PM
Dramatis Personae
Runners
Lodestone aka Kealt Sanja
Thankyou
Rooster
UltraBoy!
“K”
Tobias Cheney

KS prepares to release a rampaging earth elemental into one of the LoneStar choppers, waiting to see if they will accept his attempt to surrender. Tobias, fearing surveillance, jacks out, but tells Rooster to get over there and pick up his car and TY’s motorcycle, so as not to leave any extra evidence.

UB! launches some grenades at the choppers, in the hope of grounding them, or at least shattering the glass so K can stunball the pilots. However, the pilots seem skilled, and UB! is unable to do significant damage. They return fire with hull mounted miniguns, shredding the upper floor of the house. K is ko’d in the first burst, and left hovering invisibly over the bed. TY dodges out of the room and rushes downstairs, where he begins frantically sawing through the kitchen floor with his monofil chainsaw. UB!, refusing a final offer to surrender, takes cover and lets off another grenade. The helicopters open up again, and K is shredded almost completely in the crossfire. His lifeless body crashes down onto the bed as his spells are broken at the moment of his death.

UB! joins TY in the kitchen, and blows a huge hole through the floor with a large chunk of plastic explosive. They jump in, and fall quite a ways. They are not sure if they are one or two floors down. Meanwhile, on the roof, the heli’s land, and KS is detained, and flown off to a detention center while Swat team’s search the property.

UB! and TY proceed down the elevator shaft, after slicing open the door, and UB! frantically calls the skin noters, hoping for assistance. After they climb and slide about 10 floors down, a door slides open, and a man pulls them in. He appears to be moving somewhat odd and jerkily, and they see a woman sitting with their back to them on a couch who appears frozen in place staring at the wall. The man guides them to a window, opens it, and catches a grappling hook as it sails through from across the alley. He punches a hole through the wall, and wraps the hook around a stud, ignoring the damage he has done to his hand. UB! and TY rappel down the line, into the waiting arms of Ut-Napishtim. He tells them they owe The Exchange a favor.

He gives them bulky coveralls to wear, and loads their weapons into a few large duffel bags. He takes them threw a series of maintenance corridors, down a service elevator, and out a door, where they encounter a surprised Rooster, who has just received a message to drive to this spot. They take off, and TY manages to get them safely out of the area. They disperse to various hideouts in the undercity.

KS is interrogated after a long wait. He demands a lawyer be present, and calls one in. A Detective McCormick questions him about his relationship with K, and what he knows of the events at Arlen Thompson’s. He also asks what KS knows about K’s connection to Andoras Hamshallow. KS mixes truth with some deception and outright lies, to cover for his fellow runners. He tells McCormick as much as he feels he can, and frames two undercity gangers for TY and UB!’s roles in attacking the choppers. McCormick eventually lets him go, but tells him to stay available for further question. KS signs a magical oath of truth after a woman comes in and verifies his official statement. He pays the lawyer and heads home, and orders a new SIN from Ibn Hassan, in case he needs to flee.

The team is worried about what KS may have given up to the cops, and goes into total hiding for a bit, while they heal. Rooster provides a useful crashpad that is not connected to any wanted SINS, as far as he knows. They eventually link up with KS, and decide to take his word that he didn’t sell them out. They get a call from One Shot Wade, telling them it’s time to move on the LS Swat assassinations. The team will be in charge of three of them, while other Problem Children handle two. Wade gives them some surveillance info on the targets.

KS volunteers to take on one target in the uppercity himself, to regain people’s trust. TY, Rooster, and Tobias will tag-team another, while UB! and some of his unofficial ‘UltraDudes’ will take out the last one. KS’ hit goes off without a hitch, as he deathtouches the guy while introducing himself as a ‘new neighbor’ after spotting the target in the parking garage. TY and Tobias team up to hack the door and nearby store cameras on their job, while Rooster distracts the crowd with some enthralling oratory. TY rushes up the stairs as an alarm goes off, and assassinates the target in his bathroom with autofire. Hearing a woman’s scream from another room, he dives through a second story window and flees on his bike. T hacks all their datatrails, and R infiltrates away on the subway, shifting his face as he goes.

UB! has a little more trouble, of course. He blocks the woman’s car with his car as she is leaving her building’s parking lot, and opens up with a machine gun, while the ultradudes use their KE assault rifles. The woman’s car seems to be bulletproofed, however, as she survives the first burst, and accelerates towards them, apparently trying to bash past them. UB! kills her with a second burst, but his car gets t-boned pretty good, and one of the gangers in the back is injured pretty bad. UB! starts driving off, but the cars barely limping along, so he gets in a head-on crash with another car, in order to stop it and then steal it. The injured ganger is ko’d or killed in the crash, he’s not sure, so he orders the other ganger to haul his friend into the new car.

They race off at a better pace this time, although UB! has to cut the driver out of his seatbelt and airbag, and leaves him bleeding on the road. He calls Jaro to arrange a car swap, and get directions to the nearest street doc. They somehow evade detection, and he drops off the ultradudes to get fixed up.

Tobias, getting curious, asks Daedelus what they know about the skin noters, and promises some future work of a major scope for the Exchange in return. Daedelus provides some info, and tells T that they will call on him soon- LoneStar has been indiscriminately rounding up runners, gangers, and others from the undercity and incarcerating them in a new holding facility out by the spaceport while they ID them.

KS and Rooster decide to look into Robert Toomey’s whereabouts, thinking he might have some info on who has the diamonds, and who killed Arlen Thompson. They find out that Toomey hasn’t been seen by hotel staff in a few days, and his room is rented through the end of the month with a permanent “Do Not Disturb.” They head over, with Rooster posing as Toomey’s wayward son, who KS was ‘hired to track down.’ They talk their way into his room, and find his rotting corpse near some drinks at a table. KS tells the employee to call the cops, and Rooster distracts him in the hall, while KS links up with Toomey’s commlink and patches Tobias in to try and steal as much data as possible. They download some packets, but don’t have time to get everything.

KS also takes a look around the scene for anything notable, and sees two drinks on the table, and no signs of forced entry. Apparently it was someone Toomey knew. He also spots the artefact that K had mentioned stealing from Toomey at Thompson’s request, and which K had noted was missing from Thompson’s place. Then, he is escorted downstairs by the hotel employees to await the arrival of LoneStar officers. Rooster flees, feigning distress at his ’father’s’ death.

Next up: another interrogation!

Let's Get Outta Here!
9/18/2011, 5:32:00 PM
Dramatis Personae
Runners
Lodestone aka Kealt Sanja
Thankyou
Rooster
UltraBoy!
“K”
Tobias Cheney

After a short rest, the team take off and fly til K is exhausted again. Upon waking, they can’t figure out where they are, why they are here, or what they are doing. LS recalls that they were heading back to the city, and they gradually piece together the rough outlines of their quest once LS finds the diamonds in his pocket. K assures everyone that it’s a curse of some sort on the diamonds, and they hope it will recede with time.

They rest for the night, uneventfully for once, and K powers them the rest of the way to the crater edge once he wakes. K and LS locate the tunnel with Baelor’s assistance, and they head for the nearby abandoned settlement where the car is parked. While striding in, Arlen Thompson emerges from the main building, and hurries over. K flies down and goes visible, and converses with AT. AT seems unusually excited and on edge, but K assures everyone it is ok.

He seems unperturbed to hear that their memories have been altered, but is thrilled that they got (some of) the diamonds. He pays them, after TY talks up the price. He calls forth a guard who delivers a suitcase full of untraceable credsticks. Then AT and the guards take off in a rugged-looking armored limo. The team loads up in Rooster’s car and on TY’s bike and head for the city.

When about 1/3rd of the way, the regain matrix connection, and K and LS receive a series of increasingly frantic messages from Madame Gavral. She was initially just worried aboout their well-being, but then becomes more agitated after a steel-grey haired man with golden eyes and his two guards, a heavily cybered Eastern European woman and a young First Nations woman, come in asking after K, TY, and LS. She then left two more messages: one warned that something seems wrong with AT, and she is worried, and another that she is going into hiding, after she did some research. She forwards them the address to a matrix site.

They are unable to get ahold of AT or MG, so they race back to the city as quick as they can. UB! sets up a payment with the skin noters while K and LS do some matrix research. The site is called DIVE, it is a VPN dedicated to sharing info and rumors on dragons. They find a series of recent posts by a “RedOwl” that they think might be MG, and come to the disturbing conclusion that the great dragon Lofwyr might be looking for them. He does not have a reputation for kindness.

After further research, TY is slightly encouraged to learn that Lof is apparently an old enemy of Mujaji, who TY has vowed to destroy. This only worries everyone else more. Tobias and Rooster decide to go into hiding ASAP, and LS begins to looking into the price and availability of tickets to Earth. They also find out that a coveted and powerful artifact called the “Jewel of Memory” was bequeathed to Lofwyr in Dunkelzahn’s will (“To Lofwyr, I leave the Jewel of Memory and a bit of advice: consider your works and the possibility that, in the eyes of the Universe, you are no more or less than any of the Earth’s creatures. I tried it, and it works wonders.”), and are worried that this may have been stolen and cut up. Worst of all, they don’t even know for sure who they just sold some diamonds too, although they paid with real money at least.

LS returns astrally to the vicinity of the abandoned town, and assenses to try to gain a feel for who they gave the diamonds to, but he thinks the aura looks like AT’s. While checking newsfeeds for any mention of Lofwyr or other dragons on Mars, they stumble across promos for a new show called Prime Runners. UB! is instantly enthralled, but everyone else is worried. They think the rigger, Geargrinder, might be the missing dwarf Mikko Asparen. They also worry this may have to do with LoneStar’s secretive “Project PR.”

They close in on the city and TY and UB! take the bike towards the skinnote meet, while LS and K head for AT’s. The payment goes off without a hitch and they head to AT’s as well, although UB! inadvisably brags about scoring the mundane diamonds he pays with in the crater. They see numerous ARO spam geotags for Prime Runners.

At AT’s, K is allowed up the elevator by the doorman, who keys in the 40th floor, and says AT has a standing order to let him in. They emerge from the elevator into an abattoir: two decapitated gaurds have sprayed their arterial blood all over the walls of the foyer. There are also signs of a struggle. Once TY and UB! arrive, they head across the lawn, past the fountain and garden. K is distrubed to notice the strong wind on the building top, which used to be kept at bay by a mana barrier. Seeing AT’s mansion door is ajar, they head in.

There are more signs of struggle in the entry, but the rest of the ground floor is clear. They head upstairs to the master suite, and discover AT’s nude and mutilated body lashed to the bed. His eyes, tongue, heart, and genitals have been carved out and are missing. There is surprisingly little blood, until they look in the bathroom, and discover that the bathtub is mostly full of it. K determines that the amount of blood in the tub is close to the total amount that a person would contain. TY, thinking back through his superstitions and knowledge of magic, gives a quick lecture on the nature of the magic used based on AT’s wounds, the missing organs, and the bloodbath (literally- ha). He speculates that some sort of sacrificial blood magick was involved, and tells everyone of rumors he has heard that some adepts can take another metahumans form if they kill them and bathe in their life’s blood.

TY also suggest that this may be the work of the Xhosa, his ancestral enemies. Although the rest of the team is less sure, there may be more than one dragon on Mars involved in this intrigue. While discussing their escape plans and next move, they are blasted by a number of bright spotlights coming through the windows. As they notice the sounds of multiple helicopter rotors, they head an amplified voice tell them that they are surrounded, and to come out with their hands up.

Next up: will they meekly go forth to meet their would be captors?

Craterwards Part 2
8/24/2011, 6:57:00 AM
Dramatis Personae
Runners
Lodestone aka Kealt Sanja
Thankyou
Rooster
UltraBoy!
“K”
Tobias Cheney

The team is woken the 2nd by another pack of circling cats. UB! launches a grenade in their direction, hoping to scare them off. The team decides to leave this site, and travels a bit further on. They then cover themselves in Tobias’ scent masking cream, and even convince K to strip out of his armor for the first time in months to do the same. Feeling stealthier, they fly on, and manage to get some sleep upon landing.

The next day, they see what appears (incongruously) to be a forest in the distance. KS confirms that that is where they are headed, following the diamong trail. He does a bit more astral scouting while K flies them there and discovers that there are 3 powerful astral signatures within the forest, all bearing some traces of the diamonds unique signatures. They decide to make for the closest of the three.

K touches down outside the forest, and they decide to walk in. K, Rooster, and KS are all feeling the effects of the low mana background count that they have been traveling through, and the rest of the team is feeling a little off as well. When they step into the woods (which begin abruptly- an immediate transition from Mars desert to full cedar forest) many of them are overcome by a sudden influx of magical energy. As opposed to feeling parched due to the lack of mana, they now feel they are nearly drowning in it- an equally disturbing sensation. TY refuses to enter the woods, and says he will stand watch at the edge. The team continues on.

Not being used to wilderness travel, they are attacked for reasons unknown by two large bears, who brutally maul R and KS into unconsciousness before being shredded by T and UB!‘s machine gun and flechette fire. After reviving their fallen comrades, they continue to follow KS’ trail. They eventually come to a small clearing, in the center of which is an old looking Middle Eastern style building. KS senses no life inside, and T notes that it looks oddly porous, but before they can investigate further, UB! takes the initiative and strides boldly forward towards the front door. He is only halfway across the clearing when he is rushed and enveloped by a huge swarm of bees issuing from the house’s pores. He turns to try and escape, but is ko’d by the poison after a few steps. The team watches in horror as his condition monitor shows he is entering anaphylactic shock.

T shoots some holes in the side of the house with his gauss rifle, and K launches a massive fireball inside, hoping to clear out any more unpleasant surprises. KS chucks a flashbang towards UB! to clear out some bees, with great success, while T scatters the rest with the backwash from his jetboots/hand stabilizers. K rushes down to assist UB! (who is near death), while KS enters the building. A fire rages inside, having scorched or destroyed most of the interior. However, a prominent chest sits mostly undamaged at the far side of the room. KS opens it, and catches a brief glimpse of a spread of diamons inside, which quickly begin multiplying. Sensing a trap, he quickly shuts the lid, and calls in K, who dispells it. They gather the diamonds, of which there are 13. KS senses that 3 of them are the ones he seeks, but that they are only part of the whole.

They decide to flee the forest, fearing for their lives, rather than chance another of the astrally powerful sites. Upon reaching the edge, UB! and R seem suddenly very reluctant to leave, and T actually turns and begins sprinting back into the forest. K manages to overtake him and haul him out, using his flying harness. He pulls R and UB! along as well, and the team heads back out after collecting TY. They do not tell him that there are 13 diamonds, fearing his superstitions. They fly as long as they can in the remainder of the day, and make camp.

Next: can they make good their escape?

Craterwards!
7/10/2011, 5:49:00 PM
Dramatis Personae
Runners
Lodestone aka Kealt Sanja
Thankyou
Rooster
UltraBoy!
“K”
Tobias Cheney

Tobias hacks the LoneStar database, via antenna, while the others engage in their various business (see last session). He succesfully spoofs the ID of one of the legitimate users after gaining admin access, and manages to find info on a number of employees, a few snitches, and most disturbingly, an interoffice memo regarding “Project PR.” It includes a list of SIN’s, with accompanying intel, on a whole bunch of Mars City runners, including the entire team (except for new members Rooster and Sanja). Harmony Craig Bottow and Rolf Soren Ramis are x-ed out, and Mikko Asparen and Bathcat are checked off. This seems to answer Daedelus‘s question of where missing runner’s are going.

Tobias relays the relevant info on LS to One Shot Wade via ThankYou. T also calls Daedelus and they discuss Project PR and agree to look into if further, as many on the list are associated with the Exchange. The team regathers and he shares this info with them as well. They stock up and head for the crater after Wade tells them he’ll plan an assassination job against LS, and pays them for their work. K follows the car while flying invisibily, everyone else rides inside.

They arrive at a small abandoned settlement near the crater edge (a ways east of their hideout) without any trouble, and rendevouz with Rez and the guides. The guides turn out to be two rough looking and tooled up ghouls, which makes some of the team uncomfortable, especially after they sense Tobias and TY sneaking up on them via enhanced smell. Sanja tries to probe one of their minds to gain access to the crater route and negate their usefulness, but they retreat inside a neaeby building with guns drawn. The team encircles them, but Rooster manages to defuse the situation without any bloodshed after Sanja agrees to pay them the rest up front, as long as the team can disappear Rez. Stocking up the situation, the guides agree to take them into the crater, but no further.

UB! chases down and tackles Rez as he flees towards a car. UB! meets the skin note people nearby and quickly rejoins the team. The ghouls tell the team that the crater can have weird effects on people, although ghouls are not effected as heavily. They seem to usually guide people on crater safaris, letting the rich on Mars hunt the bizaare prey they might find therein. They take the team down a nearby well, through a tunnel, and up into the crater. Before slamming the hatch shut and heading back, they tell them to ‘watch out for the dragons.’ The terrain is barren, dry, and devoid of life as far as the eye can see.

K and Sanja do some scouting to try to find a trail, while TY becomes convinced due to superstition that a brief flash of light he saw will surely guide the way. K, fearing astral projection still, gathers everyone up into a giant flying shadowrunner ball and heads towards the light while Sanja tries to astrally investigate the diamonds. He picks up their trail near the Heliopolis side of the crater’s mana barrier, and with his earth elemental’s help, tracks them towards the interior. The first night, they make camp, but set an inadequate watch, and are attacked by some sort of mutated panther or hillcat. K gets caught in a thick spider-web like substance, but they can’t figure out if that was the cat’s doing, or some other creature (or mage?). They chase the cats off after killing a few. TY smears one of the dead cat’s blood on his face, and then tries unsuccessfully to sleep in his armor. Tobias does the same, with slightly better results (and minus the cat blood). K tethers himself to Sanja’s elemental and sleeps in the air.

The second day passes largely without event, although everyone is severely bruised and fatigued after hours of flying immobilized in the shadowrunner ball. Sanja makes good progress on tracking the diamonds, and locates a vibrant interior, vastly different from the desert wasteland they have been crossing so far. He reports this to the group, and adjusts their heading a bit from TY’s guidance to link up with the diamonds route. They prepare to spend another night in the crater, after crossing over 1000k of terrain airborne in two days.

Vending Machines, Gun Deliveries, Detective Work, and More Diamonds
6/27/2011, 4:24:00 PM
Dramatis Personae
Runners
Lodestone aka Kealt Sanja
Thankyou
Rooster
UltraBoy!
“K”

The team makes the first gun delivery, after Knight Errant drops off ten crates of assault rifles at the hideout. One Shot Wade has them split the delivery between Problem Children and Mad Martians, to foster unity. UB! takes some of his favorite PC’s out to the boonies for a shooting lesson with their new guns. Tobias heads home to work on a “BoneStar” art piece.

TY, Sanja, Rooster, and K all scout out Mikko Asparen‘s former hideout. After questioning the neighbors, searching the place, and finding some helpful camera feeds, they determine that LoneStar (or at least someone wearing LS gear and driving LS cars) raided the place. Although they don’t find evidence of them detaining Mikko specifically, they assume that’s what happened. But why haven’t they announced his capture? TY has a superstition attack, and believes that this raid was connected to him somehow. They also find some hidden cameras and compartments in the hideout, but they have been destoryed or emptied. They hope to find more evidence at the cop shop later on, although the one they are raiding is in a totally different part of town, so the chances of that seem slim.

Rooster gets a call back from the LoneStar HR department, and he charms them into hiring his (fake) company Vendiagram to provide machines and snacks to the cop shop the team is trying to raid. They tell him they have been having trouble securing suppliers, as the undercity is still a bit dicey. They ask him to send in SIN info and company records for all employees. They also suggest that if the first contract goes well, he might get additional supplier contracts to other precincts.

K decides to be the sole employee, a weak and somewhat slow mage who uses his abilities to move heavy objects. He buys a quality fake SIN, and him & Rooster get uniforms, snacks, machines, and make some surveys to give out to determine snack preferences. They head in, having been cleared, and pass through a series of scanners and two security doors before reaching the parking area under the building. They meet the LS liason, whom Rooster quickly charms. He takes them on a tour of the building, and Rooster convinces him to take both a vending machine for the main floor, and a smaller coffee maker for the upstairs, where the server room is located. They hand out surveys and leave.

Tobias instructs them how to make an antenna wired into the coffee machine that will allow him to get through the building’s electromagnetic security. The antenna will activate only when the coffee machine is on, and so shouldn’t be detected if scanned. However, if the internal network in the building is hardwired, they will need to hook it in somehow.

Rooster purchases some expensive chili, to pass off as homemade & win customer loyalty, and they head back, heeding the survey results on what to stock. They also get a rough idea of how many LS employees work out of the building. They once again enter without any problems, and their equipment passes the requisite scans. K sets it up while Rooster dishes out chili. Rooster also subtly inquires if he would be able to link the machines up to any sort of wireless network to have them report problems and outages to him, and the liason tells him to have the machines forward all reports to him (the liason) and that he will then send them out to Rooster- so, happily, they won’t need to hardwire the antenna, as Rooster has gained access to the local wireless.

They take off, mission accomplished on their end. Tobias will take a few days to slowly probe the system as necessary, gathering any info he can. TY and UB!, both bored, really want to kill something.

K gets a call soon thereafter from Madame Gavral, who says that she has some info about a Mars Crater smuggler. She is reluctant to give up any of her suppliers, but this guy apparently stiffed her recently, and Arlen Thompson has been leaning on her to help. He is a Heliopolis refugee named Rez Al-Shabib. She doesn’t know where he is right now, but provides a rough description and tells K that she believes he is a junkie of some sort. She also tells him that the fact that she sold out one of her suppliers, if it got out, would totally ruin her business, so she needs K to make sure that Rez permanently disappears after they get what they can from him. K agrees.

K relays all the info to the rest of the team, and Sanja calls up Ibn Hassan, looking for info. Hassan tells him that there are some Heliopolis refugees who have a small setup in the street bazaar in his area. He obliquely suggests that if one of them were to disappear, it would not be a terrible thing, as they have been late on their protection payments recently. Sanja heads to the market, and manages to track down Rez. He purchases some awakened drugs for a greatly inflated price, and tells Rez that there is much more Nuyen where that came from for anyone who can take him into the crater. Rez demures, but looks tempted.

Sanja leaves, and informs the team. They wait, and the next day Rez calls Sanja on the secure line he provided. K and TY wait near the market on TY’s new chameleon-coated motorcycle, in case they need to do a snatch and grab, while Sanja, Rooster, and UB! circle nearby in Rooster’s SUV. Rez again asks for a large sum, which Sanja agrees to, haggle free. Arlen Thompson fronts him the money. Rez tells Sanja that the sum includes transport in for himself and thee others, and that if anyone else wants to go it’ll be extra. He tells Sanja to meet him at a barren area a ways out from Heliopolis in two days, and bring his hunting gear.

UB! gets a surprising call from the skin-note people, to whom he owes a significant sum. They request Rez delivered when the team is finished with him, as they wish to study longterm effects of awakened drugs on the metahuman body. After K gets AT’s assent to this method of disposal (he seems to want to remain out of the loop on actual criminality), the team agrees, as it will help pay down UB!’s debt.

They prepare to head out, in search of the diamonds at last. TY also assents to Sanja searching his deepest memories for any more info on the diamond delivery. Sanja gains some insight into TY’s past, which is fairly disturbing- his village was wiped out, with him as the sole survivor. Even he would not have lived if not for a mysterious benefactor who paid for his transformation into the near machine that he is now. Sanja catches flashes of consciousness during the surgery, and is greatly disturbed by the feeling that each time TY comes to, he is less and less human. Sanja also finds deep reserves of survivor guilt, and a strong vengeful hatred of the Xhosa tribe, who currently are in a position of power in South Africa, under the protection of the Great Dragon Mujaji.

More relevant, Sanja is able to sneak past that mental block that someone put in TY’s mind, and get a look at the man he delivered the diamonds to. The man is a fairly standard metahuman size, and is wearing an obscuring overcoat and hat. In the shadow of his hat, Sanja makes out a hammered bronze mask, and cold, dead-looking eyes staring out of it. The eyes meet TY’s for a moment and something shifts in his brain. Sanja assumes this was the memory wipe spell. He also finds TY’s recollection of his earlier encounter with the diamonds: finding them on a job in South Africa, and getting a bad vibe from them, and then having them taken from them by an incredibly powerful magician shortly thereafter, and being compelled to bring them to Mars.

Sanja only tells everyone the diamond related info, keeping TY’s deepest secrets to himself.

vendigram sins are wanted

Laying Low
6/20/2011, 5:20:00 PM
Dramatis Personae
Runners
Lodestone aka Kealt Sanja
Thankyou
Rooster
Tobias Cheney
UltraBoy!
“K”

The team, following One Shot Wade‘s instructions, hide out in the undercity after the car chase with LoneStar. UB! and TY hear some news from gang sources that Yoleus was indeed killed in the ambush. Wade is thrilled with the outcome, as noone seems to suspect that anyone besides the Star was involved. He has put out feelers to the remaining Mad Martian LT’s about joining up with the Problem Children, instead of getting into a war of succession for control of the MM’s, as Yoleus’ obvious successors are both also dead or captured.

Wade also suggests that the team take revenge on LoneStar for Yoleus’ death, and the raid on UB!‘s party. Wade suggests hitting one of the brand new fortified LS undercity precinct houses, to show that the Star can’t hold the turf. While there, Wade wants the team to acquire any info they can on LS employees so that the gangs can target them away from work. He also wants any intel on informants in the undercity. He tells the team that they should be able to make a decent profit fencing all the drugs & gear that they will find in the precinct’s evidence room. He also tells Tobias to get the Knight Errant guns flowing, pronto. Tobias starts a new meme of tagging a modified phallic LoneStar logo and a “BoneStar” label throughout the matrix and irl.

Tobias, UB!, and TY head out the the smuggler’s compound to fix it up a bit. Tobias and UB! deal with wiring and setting up defense systems, while KE contractors add in escape tunnels and some other handy features. Elton Massey & Wade agree to pay the team a monthly rate for their work as middlemen, allowing them to maintain the hideout for free, while still each pocketing 1000 nuyen.

Tobias also gets a call from Daedelus, asking him to look into some rumors for the Exchange. a disturbing number of runners have been disappearing of late, after getting nabbed on runs or picked up in LS sweeps. There are seemingly no records of their existence or demise, however. Daedelus puts Tobias in touch with Marlowe, an ork who knows one of the missing runners.

Marlowe reveals that his team was hired through an anonymous Johnson (who he now believes to be triad connected) to do a carbomb hit (UB! recalls rigging the bomb, some time ago, as a favor for the exchange). Marlowe’s team consisted of himself (the face), a dwarf rigger/pilot named Mikko Asparen, and two hackers that he works with sometimes. After the bomb went off, they found out they had hit not only a mafia target, but also his young children. Worried for their future, the team split up and went to ground. Mikko’s hideout got raided, supposedly by LS, but there’s been no word of him since. K recalls that Mikko was Harmony Craig Bottow‘s former bff, and Tobias finds that he left Evo shortly after HCB’s death was (falsely) reported from Deimos prison moon. He apparently joined up with Marlowe’s team sometime after that.

Rooster calls his LS streetcop buddy and finds out that there is a record of a tipline call about Mikko’s hideout, which should have been followed up on, but there are no further records. Rooster also gets LS’s undercity HR number, hoping to gain access to the precinct house in disguise as a vending machine repairman. Rooster and K are also interested in the mafia angle of the carbombing, as John Caruthers had asked Rooster to look into this very event. K calls Caruthers, and they reconnect, and Caruthers tells K to stay in touch this time. He also tells K that his uncle (the carbomb victim) was working on some blackmail against a rising star city councilwoman with Triad ties: Lihua Wan.

When questioned by Sanja, Wan effectively admits hiring the shadowrunners, or at least having knowledge of their activities. The team decides not to act on this yet, however, as they don’t want to end up in the middle of a mafia/triad war. Especially since different team members have loyalties to different sides….

They decide to research Mikko’s last known whereabouts, and then raid the cop shop, hoping to find more info therein.

Plots and Betrayals
5/29/2011, 8:14:00 PM
Dramatis Personae
Runners
Lodestone aka Kealt Sanja
Thankyou
Rooster
Tobias Cheney
UltraBoy!

The team assembles to look at their options. TY wants to pursue the diamons, feeling a superstitious personal connection. LS concurs, as that is his current job. K also agrees, but decides to lie low for a while, feeling paranoid about the team’s growing profile. Ub!, finally free of the vat, finds out he has a mighty debt to pay: 160,000 nuyen, due asap. He borrows from Tobias to pay an initial 15k. Rooster, hearing back about his spaceport inquiries, is able to affirm that the diamons left the spaceport for Heliopolis, and were picked up by a figure who, when viewed on trideo, seems difficult to look out, and whose appearance seems to continually shift. LS speculates that this is some form of high level illusion, which explains TY’s inability to remember defining details of the man(?).

Remembering a smuggling tunnel that their former teammate Ramose-Hotep’s cousin used, they head to the crater and try to gain access, but are unable as the tunnel is collapsed. They decide to prepare more before digging through, or finding seperate access. LS fills in Robert Toomey, who ends his contract, but says he will let him know if he requires his services further. The team does gain some benefit from the trip, however, as they stop in at the abandoned smuggling compound nearby and decide that if repaired, it would make a good place for a Knight Errant weapons drop, to funnel weapons to the anti-LoneStar undercity war.

They head back to the city, and LS gets hired to track down Dengxiang Wan’s activities before his disappearance. He traces the kid to another bug cult survivor, who he interviews, and discovers that Wan was frequenting bunraku parlors run by the Hikage Iinkai. When he reports this to Lihua Wan, she requests that one of the parlors be made an example of in a spectacular fashion at his discretion. She promises to pay and cover medical. The team agrees, and LS scouts it out while UB! prepares a car bomb and Tobias fins a sniping post near the back. TY boosts some cars to use for the bomb and escape.

LS finds out that the parlor has a main bar/dancefloor, an upstairs with a few levels of meatspace prostitution, and some private backrooms on the ground floor where the full immersion simrigs are. They decide to use a shaped charge placed in car in the alley to direct damage towards the back area on the ground floor, Tobias will snipe survivors from that side while LS deathtouches survivors out front, while pretending to be a concerned bystander. TY and UB! will drive the cars and escape together while LS and T sneak away in the chaos. Rooster bows out, feeling bad about the likely civilian casualties.

They set the bomb off, doing massive damage and partially collapsing the back edifice of the building. T sees no survivors after a few moments and takes off. UB! and TY are already on their way to the undercity to celebrate with malts. LS deathtouches a few people he thinks might be clients or employees, and heals a woman he doesn’t recognize, before leaving on foot. T heads home in a cab after leaving the building and doffing his armor.

The team decides to take a minute to plan their next job: One Shot Wade wants them to assassinate Yoleus, and frame LoneStar, in order to cement the Problem Children’s hold on local turf and gang activities. By framing LoneStar, they can also incite the gang’s to rise up against them, helping Knight Errant gain ground, and securing a more amenable security arrangement, as Tobias has planned. KE will smuggle weapons to the gangs through T and TY, until they gain control of the security contracts, and then work out a deal with gangs to look the other way as long as nothing too egregious occurs. T pays LS to assist, as LS has no personal interest at stake.

UB! plans a huge party, declaring it “HCB Day.” He invites both Mad Martians and Problem Children. He also hires a popular local orkrock band, the Orxplosions, to play, and request they do some Crod Stompaz covers. They oblige, as everyone gets drunk on free kegs. UB! and LS manipulate some of the MM lieutenants present into accidentally revealing Yoleus’ current hideout and appearance. Sadly, the party is raided by LoneStar shortly thereafter, and the team barely makes their escape. Tobias provides crucial hacking support and navigation while they hack through the back wall of the warehouse, and flee for their lives through nearby stores and the sewers. Wade hooks them up with a street doc, and they crash. Tobias also calls Elton Massey, and tells him to have KE provide some support, or their whole deal might fall apart.

After healing, LS sends a watcher spirit to track down Yoleus’ hideout, after Tobias finds a likely location based on the MM’s info. The watcher reports back that it found a false wall hidden entrance off the sewers, almost directly under Long Pig’s old compound. Wade is amused to hear it is under his turf- not where he expected. TY manages to find out the name of a MM lieutenant who is thought to have died in the raid the night before, which was a clusterfuck: around a dozen PC dead or missing, and as many or more MM. Strangely some milspec looking heavies showed up and hit LoneStar in the rear hard enough that most of the gangers escaped. However, Lonestar and the press are playing it up as a big win against crime.

Tobias uses the MM’s name to hack his comm code, and then frame him as the snitch who set up the raid. He then uses that same comm code (anonymized) to call a hint in to LoneStar about Yoleus’ location. He also hack’s the sewer controls and closes off or floods all the access points to the MM hideout except one, to funnel them into the trap. Then, he (again anonymously, but via a different comm) warns Yoleus that the Star is incoming. TY warns Wade as well, to keep his people clear, unless he wants to take the opportunity to kill two birds with one stone, and take out some Star officers after they take out Yoleus.

LS watches the ambush site in astral space, while a watcher observes the hidden hideout door. The watcher reports back that people fled through it and encountered others, and then some died in the sewers. LS sees two survivors emerge from the sewer tunnel just as what he assumes is a Star van pull up and drop a dozen figures: SWAT? They engage in a heavy firefight, and the two sewer escapees are cut down, but then a shitstorm starts: the van explodes, and half of the Star swat team that was still alive winks out. LS reports this back to the team, and they tune into the news reports, to see that a high speed carchase/gun battle is occuring, seemingly on route towards an uppercity access nearby.

TY, T, and UB! head to the car to cut them off, not sure who survived and who is chasing who. They catch up, due to fancy driving, and see that it’s undercity gangers (Yoleus not amongst them) chasing Star Swat officers, both groups in apparently purloined cars. UB! detonates the SWAT car with a well placed grenade, the gangers crash spectacularly, and TY barely swerves in time to avoid the same. He pauses only long enough to pick up the three surviving gangers (after one shoots all the SWAT guys in the head), and they flee, ditching the car and scattering to hide and heal up.

Then, they await news of what actually occured, who survived, and more importantly, who didn’t.

Diamonds in the Rough
2/27/2011, 5:18:00 PM
Dramatis Personae
Runners
Lodestone aka Kealt Sanja
Thankyou
Rooster
Tobias Cheney
“K”

Lodestone, using his Sanja SIN, has been operating a legit one-man detective agency on Mars for almost two years. Business has really taken off recently due to his success in rescuing the child of upper city politician Lihua Wan from an undercity Christian cult. Today is no different: early in the morning he gets a call from Robert Toomey asking for a matrix meet. He agrees, and Toomey hires him to track down some diamonds that arrived on Mars a few months back. They have unknown provenance, use, and ability, and Toomey’s only clues are the arrival date, and that a large South African man with oversized cyberarms is thought to have been the courier. Sanja agrees to check it out, for his usual retainer.

He traces the courier to the Mungikicontrolled area near the core, with the help of Ibn Hassan. He goes there, and meets Rooster at a free clinic run by the ork shaman Samson. Rooster offers to help him look around, and they talk to Daniel Agabo, who they bribe into telling them that he saw the courier outside a local church during a firefight there, and that he left with some Knight Errant security and a local dwarf ganger who recently died.

Rooster calls John Caruthers, who tells him that the dead dwarf is probably Harmony Craig Bottow, and tells them where the funeral took place. They go to check out Slot, and after asking after HCB get sent to the Slaughtertower, where Ivan the Jackle instructs the remaining team to meet them, see what they want with HCB, and take any actions necesary. Rooster and Sanja quicky recognize Thankyou as the courier, and a standoff ensues. After recognizing their common friend (Arlen Thompson) K and Sanja agree to work together. Thompson hires them out from under his old nemesis Toomey, although Sanja doesn’t tell Toomey yet. The rest of the team goes along, and TY tells them what he knows.

He brought the diamonds from Africa to Mars after a run in which a more experienced team was wiped out, and part of his team was killed, by an incredibly powerful mage. The mage instructed him to get the diamonds off planet, and told him a man would meet him at the spaceport to get them from him. TY then was recomended to Ivan the Jackle, presumably by this same group, although Ivan also knows nothing of the diamonds. Everyone’s contacts come up short, as well.

The team decides to check out the spaceport first, and find that the vidlogs of the day in question, as well as the flight records have been scrubbed. The mages locate a powerful astral residue lingering around the spot where TY made the handoff, and they track it out to the parking lot, back in, and then lose the trail at the entrance to a private shuttle facility. They decide that the diamonds likely remained on Mars, although where on the planet is in question.

Sanja gets a call from Wan, asking him to check in on their recently returned son, as he has been worsening in recent days and is mostly incommunicative. They think seeing his rescuer might help. Thompson calls K around the same time, worried that the cult the boy was rescued from may be related to the insect infestations. They check it out and it seems likely, given Sanja’s recollections, so he goes to see the boy at the Wan family compound in the upper city. The boy, Dengxiang, is about 19, and is pale, sweaty, and heavily bloated since last Sanja saw him. His astral presence is also somewhat skewed.

Sanja calls in Thompson and K, who verify that Dengxiang has been infected with some sort of awakened parasite, but appears to still be alive underneath it all. Thompson has him rushed to a hospital, where he assists in the surgery to remove the dozens of tiny insectoid life forces that Sanja found within him. The team goes back to looking into diamonds while waitig for news.

They check two undercity churches where the insect cult had operated, since TY’s superstition led him to believe that the two things are connected. Neither has traces of the diamonds, and are both cordoned off with KE tape. They decide to check Heliopolis as well. Rooster and Sanja are somewhat horrified to see the extent of the devastation of that town ( Better Nuke the Place From Orbit), having only heard the news reports of an ‘earthquake’. The center of the Thor shot impacts are huge crates, with a flattened glasslike surface for a significant radius around. Outside of that, remains and rubble increase in size and frequency, but the town has been utterly destroyed. The brutal astral disruption of such an act damages K, who flees astral space to recover. Sanja holds his own, and manages to filter out the diamond aura from the others, locate its strongest point, and compare that to a satellite image of the town when it existed.

The location? The old Thoth temple, under which the insect hive grew. However, the aura seems to have been fading since before the town was destroyed, so Sanja assumes they were moved again. He traces the path, and it seems to head straight for the Crater. Disturbing. The team decides to prep more before heading any further in.

On the way back to MC, Thompson calls and tells them that the boy survived the surgery, and the infectious nodes were safely removed and destroyed. However, he is unsure how much mental or physical function the boy will ever regain. The Wan family is distressed but optimistic. Rooster also tells the team that Caruthers wants him looking in to the assassination of his uncle, niece, and nephew via a carbomb, and K is excited to hear that Caruthers has returned to society, although he is surprised to learn that he has become a mid-level mafia boss.

rooster leaves his fashion SIN, mcready, contact at the spaceport to call about lost luggage

Planar Chaos
2/21/2011, 7:37:00 AM
Dramatis Personae
Runners
Harmony Craig Bottow
Thankyou
Rolf Soren Ramis
Tobias Cheney
“K”

After returning to Mars City, the team gets a call from K, who (along with other members of the Hermetic Order of the Crimson Lands) has the ritual ready to transport the team to the insect plane. The basic plan is: they will use the ritual materials that they discovered in the undercity insect warren to open an astral rift to the insect plane, allowing the mundane team members to astrally project alongide K. The HOotCL will hold the rift open inside a ritual circle while Knight Errant Firewatch teams provide security in case any bugs come through(and medical attention to the team members bodies). As UltraBoy! is still mid- gene therapy in a blacksite clinic, they decide to proceed without him, so as not to lose the element of surprise. In a similar vein, they haven’t done any recon or even attempted to open the portal yet, to avoid alerting the Queen to their ability to do so, so the team will be going in nearly blind. However, the mages assure them that they will enter the insect plane at or near the target Queen’s hive.

Feeling that there is little to do in the way of preparation, the team heads down into the undercity warren once more. The abovegraound entrance in the church is heavily guarded, as the tunnels are below. KE seems to be taking this fairly seriously. HCB alerts the Hikage Iinkai about the mission, and they tell him they will post some watchers as well, to make sure KE doesn’t pull a stunt like they did in Chicago. Tobias takes out a life insurance policy, accessible to his teammates. Everyone descends, eventually reaching the room where they last fought the Queen. It is cordoned off, and there are 2 dozen or so KE members, many equipped with insecticide sprayers, as well as the medical personnel. The mages are further out in the middle of the room, seated around a ritual circle inscribed with insectoid runes. K is with them, although he stands to join the team when they arrive. HCB strips down, wanting to enter the plane naked, and, at a signal from K, Arlen Thompson opens the rift. The team steps through…

…Into an alien landscape that it takes their minds a moment to comprehend. They appear to be on some sort of balcony overlooking a flat arid plain that stretches as far as the eye can see in every direction. They are about 2/3rd’s of the way up a monolithic hive structure that appears to be made of some sort of extruded chitinous substance. Similar hives dot the landscape at irregular intervals on all sides. As they look about, they see that each team member appears to have taken to form of their idealized self: K: legless and glowing, HCB: his face replaced with the terrifying little girl mask from the Crod Stompaz, Rolf: a stylized version of the Ares centurion logo (accompanied by his faithful boxer), ThankYou: gleaming armor covered in symbols of his destroyed tribe, and Tobias: pretty much the same as always, apparently he is very self actualized. TY and Rolf unfortunately seem to have some trouble adjusting to this bizaare reality, and seem somewhat hampered in movement and action. TY manages to quickly overcome this, due to the power of his superstitions, as he takes the appearance of his tribe’s symbols (an affiliation he has long hidden) to be some sort of spiritual validation.

As they gather themselves, a portal irises open in the side of the hive. HCB sees a praying mantis like insect approaching and opens fire, killing it. The team hears an unearthly scream from above, and (deducing that it probably has a hive mind) decides to head upward and hopefully find the Queen. K levitates the shadowrunner ball, and ascends, while the rest of the team fires on flying insects that approach. They reach the top, and, lacking a visible entrance, blow one open. K drops HCB and Tobias in before realizing that it is quite a ways down. HCB manages to land on a centipede-spider hybrid that is racing to intercept him, somewhat breaking his fall. Tobias tucks and rolls successfully and avoids any damage. Both fire on the Queen while falling, but are quickly surrounded by more of the centispiders and praying mantis’. K chucks Rolf in next, at his insistence, before widening the hole, so he and TY can descend more safely. K chucks a massive fireball at the Queen, but she cancels it with a gesture. She also seems to once again be regenerating damage done to her by their attacks.

She rushes over and KO’s Tobias, while HCB fends off her guards, making a retreat towards the wall. Rolf manages to get some shots off while falling, but she reaches out and swats him into the wall, breaking most of the bones in his body. He attempts one final shot, but his bad luck catches up with him, and his bow snaps, taking his hand off at the wrist- he begins bleeding out onto the floor as his aura fades. K screams ‘TOBIAAAS’ before realizing that it was actually a different teammate. Fortunately, Tobias is back in the fight, seemingly having received some medical attention to his meat body. He resumes firing at the Queen, as does TY, with K providing spell support. Sadly, HCB is surrounded by her guards and beaten, clawed, and bitten to death while trying to hold them off. He lets off one final burst of machine pistol fire in the Queen’s direction before his aura also begins to fade. The team, greatly saddened, redoubles their efforts.

Having dropped a few of the guards, they continue focusing their fire mostly on the Queen, which begins to wear out her armor and regenerative capabilities. However, she unleashes a powerful acid stream onto K & TY, nearly knocking them out of the air. TY responds with a massive burst of machine gun fire, finaly dropping her. Tobias kills a few more guards as they start convulsing and seizuring, and then fires on the Queen repeatedly until she bursts & K sees her aura dissipating- which seems to send out a shockwave, leveling the bugs in the room. They decide to make good their escape, and K scoops Tobias up and heads for the roof hole. They barrel through the frenzied insect swarm above it, taking minimal damage, and rocket down the hive side for the (thankfully) still open rift. They see a huge wave of insects rushing through the portal, and begin firing while rushing through. Crashing back into the physical realm, only Tobias is able to retain his tenuous hold on consciousness- he scream ‘close the portal!’ as he takes in the chaos around him and fires on any insects he sees. Arlen Thompson complies, and the rift snaps shut, slicing a bug in half. Tobias gets up from his crash couch and helps the survivors of the Firewatch teams mow down the remaining bugs.

It looks like the mages & KE members both suffered heavy casualties holding the bugs at bay, but Tobias doesn’t have much time to debrief before he is rushed to a hopsital to deal with the massive of amount of damage he is about to take when his stimpaks wear off. He wakes up over a week later to the news that HCB and Rolf are dead, although K and TY both survived, similarly hospitalized. Tobias arranges to send flowers to the families of the dead KE members, who Elton Massey tells him were all given good funerals, altough their families will never learn the details of their deaths. K arranges for HCB and Rolf’s bodies to be delivered to Ivan the Jackle, who arranges an epic wake at Slot. HCB’s Yakuza connections bring his motorcycle, garlanded out, and have a heavy presence at the service (although they remain seperate from the numerous undercity gangers and Crod Stompaz fans). Rolf’s only other friend, Sylvain Georges, is there, sitting by Rolf’s picture, which has been displaced to a corner of the bar by the huge HCB display. Ivan and many of the Problem Children and Mad Martians attend, as does one of Daedelus’s meat drones, and a female ork with large dreads and a rugged look. UB! is there on vid, from his medvat. Crod Stompaz songs blare over the PA as everyone gets excessively drunk.

Later in the evening, a large security convoy pulls up out front, and a dignified older Japanese man enters, pays his respects at HCB’s shrine, and leaves. Although the team members aren’t sure exactly who he was, they are all impressed. Shortly thereafter, Ivan announces a convoy out to the desert outside the city, where UB! (from his vat) triggers the explosives which launch a rocket containing HCB & Rolf’s ashes skyward, towards the distant glow of Deimos, before exploding in a massive array of fireworks. It seems like a fitting send-off, although the team still grieves their loss.

The team members return to the hospital to continue healing after the night of debauchery, and wait to hear of what the next job entails. K feels unsure about his future with the team, feeling that with HCB gone, Tobias is firmly in charge, a position that K is uncomfortable with, especially given that he doesn’t really trust UB!, and baely knows TY, both of whom seem to gravitate towards Tobias anyway. He has some thinking to do…

Phobos Government Moon
11/3/2010, 12:09:00 PM
Dramatis Personae
Runners
Harmony Craig Bottow
Thankyou
Rolf Soren Ramis
Tobias Cheney

UB! is still recuperating in the hospital while hoping his team will help him pay for his genetic reworking. K is busy preparing for the his metaplanar quest in the company of Arlen Thompson and Madame Gavral. So, when HCB receives another call from the Yak, he has a smaller team than usual. The Yak have had some success interrogating the kidnapped bunraku manager, and have some bad news. An assistant to Mitsuhama’s senior Mars rep has been a longterm customer of the parlor, having paid significant amounts extra to keep his visits quiet. He often attended in the company of his boyfriend, and was apparently into some fairly extreme activities, which the Yak don’t divulge to HCB. However, they worry that the assistant may have been infected, and may also have infected his boss. Worse, there is a conference coming up on Phobos, the government moon, which a number of major figures from the Corporate Court will be attending. Infecting any of these powerful people would be a huge coup for the insects, and the Yak needs the team to make sure that this doesn’t occur.

The team decides to check the assistant’s upper city apartment first off. HCB rocket packs up while Rolf tries to jump across from the building across the street. They crash through the window, and discover 3 empty husks and 1 partially mutated figure, which they ID as the assistants boyfriend based on pictures in the apartment. It looks like no-one has been here recently, although there are small beetles swarming the bathroom where the husks are located. So, they make a quick exit to avoid any incoming security, and report to the Yak that they will need to get to the moon.

THe Yak have passes and cover ID’s for the team to get up to Phobos as members of a work crew change. Once there, the team will split into pairs: Tobias and ThankYou will go to the conference room and plant a bomb. When this is triggered, the various corp delegates will be ushered to their saferooms, where Rolf and HCB will be waiting to assassinate the Mitsuhama group. This all needs to happen ahead of the CC delegations arrival the next night, so the pressure is on. The team will leave in the morning for the moon. The Yak tells them not to bring weapons or armor, as security is extremely tight. They disguise TY’s arm, making it look like a bulkmod, but disabling it’s use as a weapon (temporarily). The team requests some hi tech airborne poison and some guns (if possible) as well as the explosives to be delivered once they are on the moon. The Yak, as usual, covers medical.

The team does some prep, but mostly just has to wait. They get their fake SIN’s and board the shuttle. Disembarking on Phobos, they are directed towards the work boss, who gives them their toolkits and assignments. T & TY head to the conference room, and see that they have explosives (in lunch thermoses), as well as a disassembled ceramic pistol. HCB and R have a similar pistol and the poison (disguised as rice cakes). T & TY work on repairing the podium, while concealing the explosives therein. T also hacks a wireless mic, and routs to it through some other devices in the station. They head back to the spaceport bar once ready, and TY assembles the pistol just in case.

Meanwhile, R & HCB head into the access tunnels in the main compound. Using site maps, they manage to find an access hatch and HCB heads thru the ducts to gain access to the Mitsuhama safe room. R scouts outside to plan their escape, and let HCB know when people are inbound, if he can. At the appointed hour, the explosive detonates, shortly after Tobias has announced thru the hacked mic “This is Hamshallow. 3….2…1…”. THe explosion triggers a series of alarms, and the arrival of the CC ship from Earth is delayed temporarily. LS security officers fan out and start doing spot inspections and ushering everyone back to their quarters. T & TY dilly dally, but eventually go along. Along the way T hacks the work bosses console and makes it look like a different crew was assigned in place of both of their teams.

Meanwhile, HCB decides to wait until the delegation enters the safe room, to avoid triggering alarms or their suspicions. So he loosens the vent, and assembles the pistol. A few minutes after the explosion, a security team sweeps the room, clears it, and ushers in the delegation. HCB recognizes the two targets, and waits til the team seals the door. Then, he slides the vent aside, chucks down the poison cakes, and shoots a security guard with the pistol. As it is silenced, they seem confused as to what is happening initially as the invisible poison spreads thru the air. HCB drops a piece of sheet metal he grabbed over the open vent to seal it off while he escapes, and flees back down the vent- it looked the poison was already having an effect on the nearest person though!

R, having planned out their route, guides HCB back to the workers quarters, where they meet the rest of the team and wait. T hacks their datatrails. Shortly after, LS officers enter and haul off the workers that T framed. The team sleeps there, and the next morning is assigned to travel back to Mars after the security sweep is over. They return, and HCB is congratulated on his success. The Yak cleans them all thoroughly (physically and in matrix). Checking the news, they see that the attack is being possibly attributed to both Hamshallow and Olympus Prime, as the conference was apparently related to terraforming and development. T is thrilled. He also makes plans to cook up drugs in Daedelus‘s lab to help pay for UB’s surgeries. R begins to get interested in physical adepts, and wonders if he can unleash any inner potential. HCB is thrilled with his increasing presence in the Yak. TY is amazed that all they ever do is blow shit up. Shortly after their return, K calls and tells them that the astral quest is prepared. So they plan to embark shortly…. to a realm of terror- the insect planes!!!

A Kidnapping and an Exchange
10/18/2010, 7:01:00 AM
Dramatis Personae
Runners
“K”
Harmony Craig Bottow
Thankyou
Rolf Soren Ramis
Tobias Cheney
UltraBoy!

The team, newly returned from the destroyed Heliopolis (which the news is claiming was a catastrophic reactor failure), and all healed up, the team awaits instructions. Tobias gets a response from Daedelus to his request for lab time (to manufacture street drugs in mass qunatities). Daedelus tells Tobias that in return for performing a job for the nascent Exchange, they will allow Tobias to use their labs for an unspecified amount of time. The job is to attack the front of a NeoNet corp facility north of downtown, fire upon any LoneStar first responders, and then flee unnoticed. Tobias agrees, but fails to convice the entire team of the job’s necessity/benefits, so only he UB! and Thankyou end up on the job.

Meanwhile, HCB has received a call from the Hikage Iinkai with the first name on the hit list. Kaz Hito-Ishi is a former manager at the bunraku parlor where many of the deaths occurred, and the Yak believes he may have useful info about any involvement of bug spirits. So, they want him alive, unless he can’t be captured, in which case dead will have to suffice. However, Kaz has defected to the Kuro-Mori Nakama, the opposing upper city Yak faction, and is holed up in a safe house on their turf. However, the HI worry he will be moved again soon, as the guy they had following him thinks he might have got noticed. So, the team needs to get there before dark.

Since both jobs need to occur in the same afternoon, the team decides to split up initially and then rendevouz at the kidnapping. Tobias, UB! and Thankyou take on NeoNet, while K scouts the Yak safehouse. TY steals three decent looking cars, and UB! rigs one with an insane amount of explosives (and gas for a fireball). Tobias infiltrates to a tower adjacent to the NN facility and sets up a sniper nest. UB! drives his explosive rigged car to the location, while TY brings up the getaway car. TY has to bribe the guard to let him through from the undercity, as it seems like his SIN is flagged. UB! cons his way through using his bodybuilder SIN.

TY parks around a corner 1 1/2 blocks away, and UB! parks out front, near the entrance. He gets out, and begins walking away, making it across the street from the NN facility before a CorpSec guard comes out shouting “Sir! You can’t park there!”. UB! cons him into approaching, shocks him unconscious, and turns to flee to the getaway car. Some more guards emerge and shoot him in the back (being in disguise, he is barely armored) and he blows the trap car to cover his escape. The explosion kicks up a massive cloud of dust, debris, and shrapnel, as well as the blinding flash and deafening roar. UB1 shuffles to the car, and gets TY to drive him to an undercity hospital after the skin note people refuse to admit him (saying he is being tracked). Ivan the Jackle gives them a streetdoc recommendation, and he gets dropped there. He asks them to dye him a different color, but they seem in a rush to get him under anaethesia, as he is bleeding heavily from his wounds.

TY, feeling superstitious and a bit paranoid, leaves, swapping cars three times on the way to Slot to meet Rolf and HCB. Meanwhile, Tobias ignores the DocWagon first responders, and successfully shoots down an LS chopper as it approaches the scene. He then flees, taking some damage from some of the extreme jumps he makes, and heads towards the HI turf for the next job. TY, watching the news in the undercity, sees that they have ID’d UB! (under hsi fake SIN) based on vid and biometric scans that they conducted on him. There is also specualtion that Hamshallow may have been involved- which makes sense, as he is known to have an ork companion. HCB & TY, fearing for UB!‘s safety, contact Ivan, and find out that the streetdoc’s office was annihilated by some sort of black ops corp hit team, but fortunately Ivan had already extracted UB! (and the doc) after correctly deducing that he had been tagged with tracking round by CorpSec at NN.

UB! wakes up in a Problem Children safehouse, surrounded by gangers, including his crush Jaro. She gives him a ride back to the skin note clinic after he calls and sets up an appointment for major genetech- he needs to make himself into a different person. He buys a bunch of kegs for the PC to celebrate in his absence, though. The rest of the team heads up to rendevouz with K in the third stolen car. Tobias arrives a little early, and sets up a sniper post across the street. K, assensing the house at Rolf’s request, picks up an illusion spell on the property, and decides to dispell that as the team approaches-with them entering immediately thereafter. He does so as TY rams through the fence surrounding the property. It seems the illusion was merely to make the house not stand out, as well as being a minor glamer, so they proceed. T blasts the front door with his gauss rifle, and HCB and Rolf approach while TY covers from the car.

They come under fire from a series of Yak goons, but handily dispatch them. K is attacked by 4 bug spirits, but fends them off with T’s help (using the last of his power pack). They start clearing the house, only to hear a car screech out in the alley behind. HCB rockets over the house, and shoots the driver, injuring him. TY comes around the corner, and frags the car, blowing two tires, while HCB shoots out another. K flies over, and T tries to join, but falls just short on a jump, and smacks the side of the building. Inside, Rolf finds some more reagents and a ritual circle on the floor, but no more goons (or the target, who must be in the car). As the team collectively blasts the car, their target blows out the windshield and flies through- a mage! HCB chases him with rocket pack, while TY shoots him in the leg, slowing him. HCB catches him, grapples him in midair, and then deploys a chute to slow them. K flies up a delivers powerufl knockout to Kaz, and they return to the ground, prisoner in hand.

The team returns to the undercity after delivering the hostage, and hopes they don’t need UB! for anything for the next month or so, as he is going to be in the hopsital for a while….

Better Nuke the Place From Orbit
10/14/2010, 11:55:00 AM
Dramatis Personae
Runners
“K”
Harmony Craig Bottow
Thankyou
Rolf Soren Ramis
Tobias Cheney
UltraBoy!

Heeding Tobias’ warning, the team heads downstairs, with UB! and HCB squabbling over who gets to guard the survivors (they end up each taking two while K takes the rest). Tobias is overcome by sheer terror when some insect spirits burst from the hole on the ground floor, and flees towards the Meshkhenet temple. Once outside, he sees that the reason it is so dark all of a sudden is a huge cloud of beetles obscuring the sun. Although individually small, the swarm is thick in the air, and he fires wildly to clear space to run.

Rolf races down the stairs on his inlines, sadly only to be overcome by terror himself and join Tobias in headlong flight. The rest of the team comports themselves better, and quickly dispatches two trios of insects that emerge from the newly reopened tunnel. UB! helps close it back up again, for the time being. They prepare to head for the Meshkhenet temple, under cover of UB!‘s flamethrower, but first gun down a number of mutants charging their position from the Thoth temple across the avenue. The team makes it to the Meshkhenet temple as UB!’s gun runs out of fuel, but unfortunately all 4 of UB! and HCB’s survivors are lost in the crossing, to the terrible flesh eating insects that crowd the air. K, having saved all his survivors, is quietly pleased.

After warning the denizens of the temple of the danger of tunneling insects, and getting them started vacating the ground floor, the team decides to head for the Thoth temple, and sort this all out. The Meshkhenet temple folks provide them with another flamethrower, as well as more fuel. Everyone is still a little weirded out by Tobias’ promises of a secret weapon, but they decide to trust him, for now. They head for the temple, using multiple flamethrowers to clear the swarming insects. UB! blows the door, and they are back inside. It is kind of a fond return, as this is where the team first met Rolf. Tobias, recalling that he left himself a backdoor in the system last time they were here, jacks in to the front desk terminal and, fortunately, gains access.

He peruses the camera feeds, and downloads a facility map- they decide to head for the two lower surgical levels (including the blacksite clinic in the subbasement that Tobias discovers on the map), as the cameras are down there, and Tobias only sees mutants everywhere else. Timing their approach to the stairs carefully after watching the cameras, Tobias, gets the team downstairs without encountering any resistance. The surgical level is trashed, with bits of corpses and debris strewn about. They search for the hidden entrance to the lower level, and eventually, using HCB’s advanced smell (and recollection of the odor of insects from the core), find it. Tobias hacks open the floor hatch, and they descend the non-functioning elevator shaft to the lower level.

This floor is less trashed, although HCB distantly recognizes the smell of the Queen. Tobias hacks the computer here (it seems a routine system update at some point in the last few months added his admin account to this closed system) and find a ton of files related to advanced cybermancy techniques, which he quickly downloads. Recognizing some dates on a set of video files as the days of the week following their raid on Long Pig‘s fortress, he streams it to the team. They are disturbed to recognize their former colleague, April O’Mally, who is apparently not as dead as they thought she was. Disturbingly, they recall her saying that a mysterious benefactor originally paid for all of her ’ware, and remember that the last time she was seen, Halfman had just shot down her chopper, and then been out of sight in her vicinity for quite some time. They worry that they may have a new adversary to concern them….

However, for now, they have more pressing concerns. K raids the cabinets, and finds supplies that he believes are tied into blood magic practices, which he decides to bring back for Madame Gavral and Arlen Thompson to peruse. HCB finds a hole chewed through the floor elsewhere, and, following his nose, declares that the bugs are that way. After squeezing through the winding and narrow tunnel for quite a way, the team encounters a horrifying site: a huge underground cavern filled with insect eggs, as well as multiple (although thankfully less mature) Queens. There is a large open slot where it looks like the Queen they fought in the core may have originally been ensconsed. Tobias decides to call in the kill shot, but realizes his comms don’t work. Taking out his newly acquired Ares spraygun, he sees that it has what seems to be a homing beacon built into it. He activates it, and a countdown starts in his HUD: 10, 9:59, 9:58, etc. He decides to hightail it, and chucks the sprayer as far into the room as he can.

The rest of the team follows suit, as UB! and Thankyou lay down covering fire on the approaching guardian insects. UB! blows the end of the tunnel with some pipe bombs, granting the a bit of time to make good their escape. The team flees back to the ground level, and hurries to the Meshkhenet temple. They warn everyone that something big is coming, and advise them to flee. They all head for the gate, but are stopped just short of the van by some sort of invisible wall. Everyone unloads on it, but only K is able to make a noticeable dent, which begins reknitting itself as they watch. Everyone piles thru, although HCB trips and only makes it at the last minute by launching himself thru at ground level with his rocket pack.

Thankyou quickly hotwires three more cars, and him, HCB, UB! and one of the Meshkhenet temple elders drive. They head out across the desert, away from Heliopolis, as the sky begins to hum and glow behind them. Those with quick enough sight see two enormous rods shaft through the clouds and into the earth within the city walls before a massive explosion and rolling cloud of dust obscure everything. Luckily, they don’t crash into each other, although they do decide to park it and wait for pickup. KE quickly arrives via choppers and light aircraft to ferry everyone back to Mars City. The team gets well paid, and has their medical taken care of. HCB, finally learning from his amassed experience, feels he has overcome his streak of bad luck. K gives the reagents to Gavral and Thompson, who are understandably perturbed.

They tell K that it will still take some time to prepare the ritual to send him and the team to the astral plane to combat the Queen there. They believe this is necesary, as she otherwise may simply keep returning each time she is killed. A powerful spirit is a very dangerous enemy to have, indeed. HCB tells the Yak that they are back in town and ready for the hitlist, and the Yak says they will forward it along. But who will be on it?

They Only Come Out At Night
10/5/2010, 2:42:00 PM
Dramatis Personae
Runners
“K”
Harmony Craig Bottow
Thankyou
Rolf Soren Ramis
Tobias Cheney
UltraBoy!

The team collects themselves after the brutal beating they took in the insect hive. They are in the private clinic provided by Ivan’s new friends, a much more upscale, but also secretive and impersonal, place than Doc Todd’s. However, they find that they now have access to gene and nano-tech, as well as deltaware, and some of them take advantage. Ivan, ever mysterious, refuses to reveal the true identity of the skin note group to the team, although he is now an official member. He also has his hands full managing the slice of ex- Black Shadows turf that One Shot Wade gave him.

After leaving the hospital, Tobias and UB! agree to work together, under Ivan, to produce some consistent income for the team by cutting and dealing drugs through his turf. Ivan also has some useful bonuses for the team, now that he has turf. They have free access to street doc healing and a number of safehouses through the gang, as well as being able to call on gang assistance occasionally. Tobias and UB! get some bulk uncut street drugs and set to work. Tobias also brings up the possibility of KE ‘policing’ their turf- they’ll look the other way locally while the PC stir up trouble in LoneStar areas to help KE get more contracts.

HCB pays off some of his jetpack loan, and hears from the Yakuza that their list of possibly infested people to kill is not ready yet. K talks to Madame Gavral and Arlen Thompson, and finds out that he will be able to become a second level initiate after completing the astral quest to destroy the hive on the insect plane, but that they need more time to prepare the ritual. K also purchases a second sustaining focus. So, everyone agrees to do the job for KE/Elton Massey and check out Heliopolis, which seemed to be where the tunnel that Ivan found in the insect hive lead. Disturbingly, Heliopolis went completely offline a few days after the team entered the hopsital, and no-one has been in communication since. Last anyone heard, all was well, and then everything cut out.

So, they want the team to go check it out. They agree, and sally forth, after Thankyou pilfers a van. K, rocking two foci, is invisibly flying above the van with ease. There seems to be some internal drama in the team as both Tobias and HCB attempt to assert a leadership role, now that Ivan is semi-retired from running. Thankyou feels akward amidst the squabbling. He also feels stuck. He got sent here with a one-way ticket and can’t afford the steep fee to get back to Africa, so it looks like he’ll have to cooperate with these lunatics for now.

As they approach Heliopolis, Massey calls Tobias and tells him that there is a drone cordon established around the town, which will let the team pass, but should hopefully prevent anyone exiting without approval. He also gives Tobias some secret info. The van pulls up to the gates, and sees the parking lots mostly empty, the gates flung open, and the guards absent. They enter on foot, cautiously. Innumerable small beetles scatter at their approach. Not seeing any signs of life, HCB follows his nose towards the main drag, where they discover massive corpse bonfires, and signs of street fighting.

They go the Red Delta, the bar attached to the Hathor temple, to look for Kano. They find the door barricaded, and after forcing entrance, find the former inhabitants massacred inside. K guesses that one or more spirits were summoned inside of the barricaded bar, and the people were unable to escape. Tobias and UB! begin raiding the shelves for liquor. As UB! leaves, he is knocked prone by a powerful shot from an unseen sniper. A voice warns over a PA system that this was a warning, and tells the team to come into the open, hands raised. They comply, except Tobias, who is confident that he is well concealed.

The voice is coming from the Meshkhenet temple (the Goddess of Ka, aka fate), and after convincing the people therein that they are not bugs, the team gains access (past some bug sniffing dogs, and a man K id’s as a mage). They get the lowdown: everything was fine in the city up until two days ago, when comms suddenly shut down, and the bugs came out. They killed many of the people of the town, while those that could fled, probably to nearby settlements- most probably assumed it was a civil war again, as the bug’s human allies struck before any spirits manifested. Once the bugs appeared, they established some kind of barrier around the town, which won’t let anyone out, and blocks all communication.

The 4 dozen or so people in this temple, and any survivors still alive in Ra’s temple down the street, are the only non-infested humans left, as far as they know. They’ve been burning corpses, to prevent their takeover or use by the bugs, as the bugs have been seen hauling away bodies (some still alive) to points unknown. However, the bugs seemed to originate from the Thoth temple, so that seems like a good bet. Last night, the Meshkhenet temple was miraculously not attacked, but there were sounds of heavy fighting from Ra’s temple, and the people in Meshkhenet temple are worried that they may have succumbed.

The team decides to do a recon and possible rescue to the Ra temple, before heading over to Thoth. They dash down the street, feeling exposed, and find the door of Ra’s temple blown open from within. HCB smells it, and identifies the explosion as caused by a large fertilizer bomb of some sort. They enter, and find, amidst the debris, evidence that the bugs had tunneled up from inside, and the defenders seem to have set off the bomb to try to close the tunnel. The team heads to the higher levels after warning their new friends down the street about the tunneling. They find drag marks, and bloody clawings in the walls, as if the bugs had been hauling people down the stairs while they struggled against them.

They reach the top level, and find an intact barricade. They establish communication with the dozen survivors within, and HCB convinces them to come out, promising to escort them to safety in the other temple. Meanwhile, downstairs, Tobias notices the light suddenly fade to black outside, and hears skittering approaching down the ruined tunnel, followed by chewing sounds. He relays this info, and the team gets ready for a mad dash….

Insect Hive Part 2
9/28/2010, 5:32:00 AM
Dramatis Personae
Runners
“K”
Harmony Craig Bottow
Ivan the Jackle
Rolf Soren Ramis
Tobias Cheney
UltraBoy!

The team, still accompanied by Ut-Napishtim, pauses at the descending tunnel to decide what to do. HCB has a stunning realization: the job that the Yak have been asking him to do involving the Bunraku parlors is probably tied to this one! A simstim environment would be perfect for infesting people with bug spirits. He calls in to tell them that he might have info on the job soon.

K calls Arlen Thompson to tell him that he will be out of comms range shortly, and report that it seems like the disappearances (and tunneling) may be the work of bug spirits and their allies. Thompson seems understandably perturbed at this news, and cautions K to be careful and stay in touch if he can. After this, the team descends to the second level.

They explore the twisting, mazelike caverns, encountering many horrors. They fight more mutated humanoids, and discover a series of rooms filled with what seem to be cocoons, containing humans in various stages of mutation/transformation. They destroy them all with fire an explosives. They fight two large beetles who fade away when killed. They also encounter a few mages, one of whom is fairly powerful, and does significant damage to the team with a lightning storm. After they kill him, K finds a stone shelf covered with ritual supplies, that look like they could be used for some sort of summoning or conjuring rite. The mage was also wearing an ankh necklace similar to those the team saw on many temple leaders in Heliopolis. Thinking back, HCB decides that the bugs they fought looked somewhat scarab-like, and the team decides that there may be a Heliopolis connection.

After clearing the second level, they descend yet again. They destroy a few more rooms full of cocoons, and after mapping more of the tunnels, come across a terrifying sight: an enormous three headed, many armed insect, who appears to be laying eggs, which are being tended to by two humanoids and two more beetles. HCB, ever the lunatic, fires up his jetpack and crashes straight into the Queen’s soft underbelly, doing significatn damage to both of them. The mages launch spells at the team while the beetles charge in, keeping them distracted while the Queen smashes HCB. Luckily, his jetpack sends him sailing down the tunnel, barely avoiding imminent death. The Queen, injured, breaks free from her lower half, and chagres the remaining team. She quickly ko’s Tobias, sending him flying back down the tunnel, where only his luck saves him from death.

The rest team up on the Queen, having dispatched all her tenders by now. K casts spells until he goes unconscious, and UB! takes up Tobias’ gauss rifle, while Rolf peppers the Queen’s heads with arrows. They notice that she seems to be almost instantly healing from much of the damage, but the injuries to her heads remain. Ivan and Ut sneak around behind her as she enters the tunnel to wail on UB!. Although he is ko’d, his armor holds up while Ut loads a stachel full of grenades. He chucks it up towards the ceiling, right above the Queen’s head, and Ivan and Rolf simultaneously shoot it, setting off a massive explosion, decapitating the lone remaining head, and sending the tunnel roof crashing down atop the Queen’s writhing corpse. The body begins to dissipate as her energy fades back to the metaplanes.

The team collects themselves, and Ivan discovers a hidden tunnel bored through the rock, that seems to head straight towards Heliopolis, for as long as he can see anyway. Ut collapses the entrance. He gets as many members walking as possible, and hauls eveyone else towards the exit. On the way, they encounter a Kinght Errant Firewatch team, accompanied by Elton Massey, Arlen Thompson, and other members of the Hermetic Order of the Crimson Lands. They help the team reach the surface and provide transport to medical facilities. Thompson tells K that he was worried by his last call, and when he couldn’t sense him astrally or get him on comms, he decided to come in person. Fortunately, Massey had a similar idea in regard to Tobias after seeing some of the early news reports from the church above-the attack, the mind controlled people, etc.

As they approached the church, they were attacked by some local humans and spirits, but fought them off with the help of some non-bug locals, including a large African man with two cyberarms who introduces himself as Thankyou. The skin note people get in touch with Ivan shortly, and he fills them in. They recommend Thankyou, having recently used him for a courier job. They also pay the team a sizable sum for their efforts, and tell them that they now have access to a quality private clinic, where they can purchase deltaware and gene/nano-tech.

Tobias decides to make an art piece of the trid recordings from everyone’s cybereyes of the moments when they lost consciousness, and nearly died. Massey also tells him that he wants the team to further investigate the Heliopolis connection. HCB gets in touch with the Yak and fills them in, and they tell him they will have a hitlist to him shortly of all the prominent and important figures that may have become infected in their bunraku and simstim parlours. Thompson tells K that he wants the team to undertake an astral quest to destory the queen (and whoever else may be behind this outbreak) on the metaplanes. Thompson also tells him that this will allow him to initiate to level 2 in the HOotCL.

The team rests and recuperates in the hospital, while trying to decide how to spend their hard-earned funds. They debate over which job to take next, and hope it doesn’t kill them-they came a little close for comfort this time.

Insect Hive
8/27/2010, 1:40:00 PM
Dramatis Personae
Runners
“K”
Harmony Craig Bottow
Ivan the Jackle
Rolf Soren Ramis
Tobias Cheney
UltraBoy!

The team, having confirmed that the church is somehow connected to the disappearances, decides to gear up and return for some recon in force. They recruit Ut-Napishtim to infiltrate the church while wearing surveillance gear, posing as a local homeless man. They will then wait for his report as to what mysteries are occuring within, at which time they will enter guns blazing. Or so the plan says.

K does a bit of research into the aura around the core, and finds a lot of disturbing rumors, but not a lot of known fact. Arlen Thompson warns of a sickening aura in the astral space around the area, and asks K to report back on any info gathered.

Meanwhile, Tobias gets some potentially useful info: according to Elton Massey, the church they are investigating seems suspiciously similar to some of the fronts for the Universal Brotherhood. Massey fills Tobias in: the UB was a charitable front for a conglomeration of insect spirit hives which used soup kitchens and outreach programs as a cover for abducting host bodies for the spirits. After many of these organizations were shut down under governmental suspicion of their activities, Knight Errant was tasked with destroying a large hive in Chicago. Unfortunately, the hive was much larger than initially believed, and when the team set off a tactical nuke, they unleashed untold numbers of insect spirits into the unprepared city, setting off the cordoning off of Chicago. It is now the wasteland known as Bug City.

Massey seems eager to redeem KE’s reputation in this regard, and tells Tobias to call it in if he needs backup, if it does turn out to be insects. T relays this info to the team, and K returns with his news, and they realize that they may be involved in something a lot more serious than they had intially imagined. Still, they need further proof before anyone will act on it, and Ut’s inside, so they head out.

K flies invisibly to a nearby point and waits for the go signal, while everyone else idles nearby in a freshly stolen car. Ivan, still not having conquered his alcoholism, is having trouble resisting Tobias’ offers of drinks, so he gets out and heads down the street, looking for coffee or tea. He finds a little bodega, and can’t resist the proprietor’s offer of a shot of liqour in his tea. This steadies him out, and he slips back into the car.

In the church, Ut eats dinner (well disguised of course), and tries to subtly acquire some useful info, but nothing really turns up. He eventually lays out on a pew when the workers call lights out, and is pretending to sleep when he all of a sudden loses control of his body and sees himself rise, with two others, and head towards the back. They exit through a secret panel in the utility room, and slide down a long, dark tunnel.

The team, seeing Ut’s gps dot move, and suddenly disappear, move in. K flies through a second floor stained glass window (HCB follows on jetpack) while the rest of the team cuts and blows through the front door. The neighborhood comes out to watch, and Ivan threatens them. They keep watching, but keep their distance. The remaining sleeping patrons all stumble to their feet and seem to be trying to prevent the team from gaining access to the back of the church, but K overcomes the mental conrol enacted upon them and sends them out into the street, opening the way.

Using various visual spectrum viewing equipment, they eventually uncovet the hidden tunnel, and slide down (K flies). They notice a disturbing sight on the way: the tunnel appears to be melted, clawed, and chewed straight through the many meter thick walls of the core, as well as the earth beneath. They emerge into a small room with a number if tunnels leading off. Picking up Ut’s signal again, they head in that direction. UB!, overenthusiastic as always, kills the other 2 abductees with a wayward grenade, but they rescue and revive Ut. They then fight off three grotesque mutated forms, humanoid in shape and size, but not at all human in appearance.

Seeing that they are in a dead end, they double back, and head down the rightmost path. Tobias, leading the charge, gets ambushed by two more mutants, taking some damage, but the team makes short work of their stinking, unarmored flesh. Tobias smears some blood on his body armor to cover his scent (since he was both thermally and optically cloaked), but stops when it starts eating through the plate. They continue onward, and reach a descending tunnel, which gives off an unpleasant odor of rot and decay. K is somewhat distraught by the astral vibe here, but doesn’t want to project, to avoid attracting unwanted attention. The team notices that their comm signals are extremely degraded, and imagine they will soon lose wireless connectivity. Tobias takes this opportunity to set up a deadman’s trigger which will call in KE if he should not return.

The team presses on….

CORE!
7/16/2010, 2:25:00 PM
Dramatis Personae
Runners
“K”
Harmony Craig Bottow
Ivan the Jackle
Rolf Soren Ramis
Tobias Cheney
UltraBoy!

After some deliberation, the team decides to take up the skin note folks on their offer of a job. They also get a little more info about the other jobs on offer, but Ivan convinces everyone that the skin note mission should come first. He posts a status update on his social networking profiles, since he doesn’t know how to contact them. They get in touch and are pleased that he has accepted. They also talk to One Shot Wade about maybe getting a little slice of turf to manage, and he seems interested.

Essentially, the skin note people like to know what is going on throughout the city in terms of the ‘disappearance’ business, and are perturbed by the endemic levels of missing persons in the sectors near to the core. They ask Ivan to do some research, and report back. Payment will be based on what the job actually entails, but will include medical (which thrills the team).

Ivan hears on the news that a waste management executive and his family (including two young children) were killed in an upper city limo explosion. He discovers some specualtion that it might have been a mafia figure, and that the assassination was part of the ongoing syndicate warring for city contracts and such. He also catches an appeal from Romulus Chandrasekharan that anyone with info on the location of his brother Remus Chandrasekharan get in touch for a reward. Remus has apparently been missing for at least a few days. Which worries the team, as they just paid him to upload the “Halfman/God of Idiots” Crod Stompaz video.

Ivan tries to contract out the job, and hires Jaro and some others to scout out the areas where the disappearances have been most noticeable. These are mostly poor East Asian, African, and East European immigrant communities near to the core, which tend to be fairly insular (and many of the denizens of which are undocumented) so the numbers are probably on the low side. Jaro reports back that not much obvious is occuring, but that as an obvious outsider she got stonewalled a bit. However, there is a church that seems to do a lot of outreach work, so she thinks that might be a good place to start asking questions.

Suspicions aroused, the team researches the church. It is called the “Church of the New Sun”, and is a catholic sect under the leadership of Father Tuva Morinski. There is also a charitable Islamic organization called the “Brothers of Muhammad” that appears to do similar work in Muslim areas. Brother Tariq is the head of this organization. Both organizations do community outreach, provide food, places to sleep, etc. Due to their individual cultural backgrounds and current affiliations, the team decides to approach the catholics first, in the African area (as they have some possible beef with Vory who control the East European areas, since HCB is a Yak for life).

They decide to take minimal armor & weapons, in a pretty non-descript ride, and head out aft ermeeting up in the undercity. K scouts the area astrally while Ivan i-balls it, and everyone heads inside and talks to church volunteers/employees. They don’t pick up any particularly useful info, the church says most of the people they have come in are transient, and they don’t know much other than rumors of disappearances. UB! pushes for going in guns blazing, but caution prevails (especially since they have no indication other than general distrust that the church has anything to hide). Tobias and Ivan hack into the church system and get a tap set up on the comm lines.

Meanwhile, HCB encounters a local who offers to share some info for a price, and follows him to a secret meeting place that he insists on. The rest of the team follows in the car at a distance once they exit the church, but they get blocked off in a tight alley. HCB is lead into an ambush, but flashes his Yak tattoo and talks his way out. He meets the rest of the team part way down the alley, and they charge back in, but the robbers have cleared out. However, T’s tap pays off when he picks up a call from an unknown number to the church that “some outsiders are asking around the area about the disappearances.” The call ends quickly, buy they decide the church bears further investigation. They leave for the time being, though, so as not to alert the church to the presence of the tap….

Escape and Onward
5/11/2010, 9:51:00 PM
Dramatis Personae
Runners
“K”
Harmony Craig Bottow
Ivan the Jackle
Rolf Soren Ramis
Tobias Cheney
UltraBoy!
Others
Daedelus
Romulus Chandrasekharan
Remus Chandrasekharan

The team is in a tight spot! K is barely holding on to consciousness, HCB and Rolf are both out, and Tobias and UB! are both heavily injured. Ivan, fortunately, is doind fairly well. They decide to try to escape in the stolen SUV to the undercity, as they hear and see sirens rapidly converging from multiple directions. UB! floors it while Ivan navigates and lays down covering fire out the backdoor with the cat. Sadly, UB! is too injured to focus on his driving and his pursuers at the same time, and he gets sidewsiped and crashed into the facade of an office building. K flies into the windshield and is ko’d. UB! helmet gets twisted.

6 LoneStar cars and a SWAT van quickly block off the surrounding streets, and LS cops set up to lay down some serious fire on the SUV if the team doesn’t surrender. Ivan and UB! fire while T hauls HCB into the front of the building. Daedelus calls Ivan and tells him to get into the lobby (this constant streaming is paying off), so Ivan has the cat lay down covering fire while him and UB! toss the other team members through the window and dive through themselves. The cat follows, while covering the street. The cops open fire, so the team has to crouch low while heading to the elevator that Daedelus has commissioned for them. A few grenades are tossed in, the cat blocks one, but the other injures K severely, and twists UB!’s helmet around even further. He is unable to get it off, and crawls blindly for the elevator.

Once the team all makes it inside (some smoke grenades go off in the lobby), Daedelus warns them to hang on, and the elevator rapidly ascends, brakes, and descends even more quickly, before crashing and slamming through the basement floor. Fortunately, the safety features kick in and shoot the elevator full of expanding foam, further wedging UB!’s helmet in place. The team claws their way free, and Ivan begins cutting through the door, while T pulls off UB!’s helm, at the cost of one ear. Ouch! They escape, and crawl free into some service tunnels in the plate. Daedelus guides them (and the cat scouts ahead) to a maintenance hatch near one of the ramps from the undercity, where a spaceport taxi awaits them. They pile in, and speed off to Doc Todd’s, in the hopes of healing before they crash from excessive stimpatch use. They almost make it, but Rolf dies in the lobby, while waiting for admittance.

Luckily, they clear up their admin issues and get everyone into surgery/enduced comas/etc. T takes the longest to heal, most of the rest are out within 5 or so days. HCB has Todd take out the mystery box in his head, after id’ing it as a cranial bomb. He holds onto it (in a cheap safe) for now. T gets some of their medical covered by Knight Errant, but their pay gets reduced after he transfers over the semi-corrupted data. Rolf leaves the hospital for only a short time, as he has to come back following his next Vory pitfight match (he wins this time, beating a fighter known as “The Chain”). His pay barely covers his medical, but he’s working his way up. HCB sets us his next combat bike joust attempt, and hears about a job the Yak want him to look into: there is some corrupted info in their simsense rigs at some of their bunraku parlors, which has given some clients lethal biofeedback. HCB also tries to get in touch with some entertainment lawyers (under his fake SIN) to start marketing Crod Stompaz merch.

Tobias and HCB both take out loans to build themselves a jetpack (HCB) and armor mounted thrusters (Tobias). Tobias also spends some time researching nuclear physics, with the aim of eventually home building a mini-nuke. Just to have one, ya know? He’ll sleep better at night. Ivan does a small job for the Exchange, planting explosives under the paneling in a fancy armored car that a cybered ork brings into Tamany’s. He checks the news for prominent explosions, but only finds some stories about the LS raid- “Terror in the Detention Center” and such. The Ultradudes get bad press, due to letting all the prisoners they ‘freed’ get mowed down by cops. There’s also a profile on Hamshallow, and specualtion about his motives and associates (provided by an “inside source”). Apparently, Chalt and Jerl (Crod Stompaz) were both in the station as well, and remain in custody. There is also an appeal from Romulus, looking for any info on the whereabouts of his brother, Remus, who has been missing for over a week now. This is worrying, as the last time the team talked to him, he uploaded the video of them killing Halfman.

Ivan then looks into the skin note job, and finds out that a lot of the East Asian, African, and East European immigrant communities seem to be experiencing the most disappearances. These are all poorer communities with large populations nearer to the core (traditionally one of the poorest areas of the undercity). Ivan gets some info on payment, but it seems conditional on on what is actually going on, so further investigation is warranted. The Johnson from the Deimos job also gets back in touch with HCB and Ivan and offers them some new work, so the team has a few choices for their next job-not that any of these folks are good to say “no” to…...

new halfman has hunted down and captured/killed remus

explosion from exchange job?

hcb’s implant

tobias + nukes

A Gala Event
4/26/2010, 2:27:00 PM
Dramatis Personae
Runners
“K”
Harmony Craig Bottow
Ivan the Jackle
Rolf Soren Ramis
Tobias Cheney
UltraBoy!

So the team does some much needed recon on the LoneStar facility that Knight Errant has hired them to infiltrate & assault. They discover that it is hardwired (or has an exclusively local wifi network) since they can’t hack in from the outside. However, Tobias is able to create an admin level backdoor in the main public node that he hopes to use to gain access to the rest of the system later. He also finds a facility map. K can’t find much astrally, and doesn’t want to attract too much attention. Ivan, via the dragonfly, sees that the roof appears to be used by the SWAT team as a kind of clubhouse/shooting range. They decide to split into two teams: Rolf, K, and Tobias (Team Blue) will go in through the SWAT team’s roof hangout, and go for the data (on the 6th floor), while HCB, UB! and Ivan (Team Brown) provide a distraction on the ground level.

But first, they decide to attempt to lure as many cops away from the place as possible. UB! assembles a car bomb, and Ivan remotely drives it to a nearby charity gala. Tobias then phones in a call about multiple carbombs in the area, using his (wanted) Hamshallow SIN. They wait for a bit, and then UB! detonates the bomb. They wait a while longer until they see a number of cop cars and one of the SWAT vans leave the secure LS lot. Then, K levitates himself, Rolf, and Tobias onto the roof. Tobias opens the locked door thru his admin account, and Rolf drops down the ladder inside.

Unfortunately, he drops right into the SWAT ready room, and although he has the element of surprise on his side, is handily outnumbered. Tobias jumps in to lend a hand, and K pokes his head in to gain line of sight. They make short work of the SWAT team, although they take some major damage in the process. Tobias also detonates an EMP grenade, severing comms with the rest of the team, but also preventing the SWAT guys from calling for help right away. Ivan has the dragonfly outside when comms disappear, and brings it back towards the van to provide surveillance.

Team blue exits the SWAT room and scopes out the area. Tobias checks out his map, and finds the main processor room, so they head that way. After breaking through some security doors, they gain access. Sadly, the EMP grenade appears to have wreaked havoc on the computer, but Tobias jacks in and hopes he can still find what he’s looking for. While waiting on Tobias, Rolf and K take fire from a machine gun pod which drops down from the ceiling, but defeat it without much problem.

Meanwhile, when comms go dead, Team Brown decides to provide a distraction on the ground floor, as planned, in the hopes that Team Blue isn’t all dead. HCB and UB! enter, and race through the security checkpoints into the main lobby (there are alarms going off, but they are not especially concerned). HCB strolls out into the lobby casually firing his machine pistol into the air, much to the horror of the receptionists at the far end of the room (luckily, encased in a bulletproof booth). Two turrets drop down from the ceiling and open fire, while HCB hightails it back to the door he came in from. UB! launches an EMP, and their comms go dead as well. One of the turrets drops, and HCB blazes the other one with autofire.

They blow through the door at the far end of the room, and find two humans in paper clothes looking terrified and bewildered. They are both somewhat injured from the grenade, and HCB shoots one, while shouting something horrifying about how he won’t betray him now. UB! launches a breathtaker grenade to take out the other guy (overkill?) before they notice the proerty return window in the corner and determine that these were two detainees who were being released. Slick. One of the receptionists in the booth pulls a switch, and a much louder facility alarm goes off. Ivan calls to the others to get out of there and back to the van, but they ignore him. He goes back out and frantically circles the area, hoping someone will get back online and get in touch.

Upstairs, the second alarm is accompanied by security blast doors closing over all the entrances. K and Rolf hunker down, and start burning through the doors while Tobias keeps working. He is slogging his way up an IC filled corridor, it seems like a lot of the data was corrupted by the EMP grenade. He makes some missteps, alerts the IC to his presence, and comes under attack. Deciding that the job is more important, he focuses on continuing to break the final firewall and get the paydata, while the IC wails on him (fortunately, the IC also seems damaged from the EMP). He finally suceeds, after nearly losing his icon to damage, and manages to whisper ‘help’ just after K and Rolf enter the room. K pulls the plug, and Tobias dumps out.

Rolf begins burning their way out, while K heals everyone. Downstairs, UB! blows through the rear door, as the remaining prisoner succumbs to breathtaker gas. They enter a rear hallway, and come under fire. However, UB! is apparently impervious to damage and makes short work of another turret and two cops, with HCB’s assistance. They invesitagte some other rooms, and execute some cowering office workers, as well as taking out a few more LS officers. They find a holding cell, and open it, telling the prisoners that the Ultradudes have set them free. UB! then blows the backdoor, and they usher the prisoners out into the early evening. They then turn around, and finding some elevators in one of the rooms, decide to try and meet up with Team Blue somewhere higher up.

Team Blue, somewhat healed, leaves the processor room, and heads back towards the SWAT room exit. They come under fire from two dog drones with LMG’s, but Tobias quickly takes them out with the ever-handy HERF gun. K astrally projects to scout out their path, but comes under attack from another astral presence (probably a LS wagemage, given the cowboyish appearance). He flips back out, and lets the team know they have a mage surveilling them. Tobias goes back to the processor and plugs in the virus that PHH gave him. They decide to blow a hole in the wall to escape, and Tobias makes a shaped charge in what he deems is an optimal spot. They head down the corridor a ways to avoid the blast.

Downstairs, UB! and HCB have pried open an elevator, and cut their way trough the ceiling covering to gain access to the the hatch onto the roof. UB! pops it open, and climbs up, reaching down to help HCB ascend. After some initial confusion at the lack of proper lighting, they realize they can both see in the dark, and examine the shaft. It appears to ascend to the top, so UB! takes a grappling hook shot towards the elevator mechanism. He misses, and the monofilament cable comes back down towards them. HCB gets out of the way, but UB! slices himself up a bit while trying to respool it. They decide to climb the cable instead, but UB! gets electrecuted as soon as he grabs hold-and he’s stuck on with his magnet hand! HCB tries to pry him free, but also gets stuck with his magnet hand. UB! passes out from the damage, but HCB manages to pry them free and detach himself from UB!. They abandon the elevator and decide to leave out the back.

They head out the back door only to come under fire from more cops in the lot. They have already made short work of the freed prisoners, a few are still hiding behind nearby cars, but they look like they won’t last long. HCB and UB! open up and waste the cops. Ivan, hearing the gunfire, rams his way into the lot, busting up the van a bit in the process. Team Brown reunites! Upstairs, they trigger the explosion, blowing out a huge chunk of the wall. They then come under fire from another turret, knocking both Rolf and Tobias unconscious. K saves the day again, blasting the turret with magic, and then healing his comrades. They flee.

In the parking lot, having failed to gain access to the remaining SWAT van, HCB shoots a grappling hook up into the hole, where it skitters around until Rolf grabs hold. Everyone can hear sirens and a helicopter approaching at this point, so they feel a bit rushed. Ivan and UB! head across the street to a car rental lot to boost an escape vehicle, while HCB ascends towards the hole. The team’s reconnect and decide to get the fuck out of there. HCB heads down with Tobias hanging onto a levitating K on his back. Rolf climbs up top to try and scout out the incoming vehicles. He gains the edge, and is spun about by a fierce impact. He decides it’s a sniper in the chopper, and dives for the pavement, 6 stories below. He tries to save himself from the brunt of the fall with his grappling gun, but his bad luck kicks in, and it goes flying away from him. He plummets.

HCB attempts to reascend on the grappling gun in order to partially breaks Rolf’s fall, and ends up slamming into him, which does slow him somewhat. He still passes out on impact, but they quickly stabilize him, and K levitates his ko’d body towards the car lot (HCB is pushing/steering Rolf). As they are fleeing, the come under more fire from the sniper. Ivan and Tobias try to provide covering fire, but seem to be at the the limits of their weapons ranges. The sniper ko’s UB! as he rides his Dodge Scoot out of the van towards the SUV that Ivan is busy hotwiring. Ivan gets the car up and running, and swings over to UB!, slapping on a stimpatch and hauling him into the car. Tobias runs up and dives in as well. UB! takes over driving, so Ivan can rig the cat and fire at the heli with the LMG. UB! pulls out into the street and scoops up HCB and Rolf, and then spins it around near the LS lot entrance, letting K in. They are pretty crammed, but in a rush, so they skedaddle.

The chopper has been gaining on them, but now has to avoid their return fire. The sniper has stopped shooting, but the minigun perforates the car’s roof, without doing serious damage. However, Ivan and Tobias keep up a steady steam of lead, and Ivan successfully fries a stabilizer as the chopper spirals off and spins out of control. They flee, as they can see the approaching lights as well as hearing the sirens.

Next up: Can they make good their escape? Will the data be worth anything in its corrupted form?

HCB and UB! get bad rep for Ultradudes for getting prisoners killed

Back in business
4/12/2010, 12:06:00 AM
Dramatis Personae
Runners
“K”
Harmony Craig Bottow
Ivan the Jackle
Rolf Soren Ramis
Tobias Cheney
Others
UltraBoy!
Daedelus
Patrick Henry Hughes
Tamany Clark
Madame Gavral
One Shot Wade
Remus Chandrasekharan
Minkwave

The team has spent some time apart after the spaceport run. Everyone got high quality news SINS, as promised, with the background of their choice. Everyone excpet Tobias opted for varying degress of surgery to mask their identity: iris and fingerprint alterations, skin dyes, etc. Tobias gets most of his fingerprints removed, in a way designed to look like he melted them off in an industrial accident. Tobias spends some time working on an art piece of a giant LoneStar figure crushing smaller figures representing all the undercity gangs, but Minkwave is unimpressed, and Tobias decides to leave it unsigned and donate it to her gallery. Where it now serves as a coatrack. Tobias and HCB desing and spec out the jetpacks they have been talking about for ages, and Tobias welds together a magnet-gripped lance for HCB.

Which HCB needs, of course, for the third round of his Yakuza Combat Biking Trials! This is a jousting round, and he must win four matches to succeed, and be one step closer to owning the bike (and having an additional source of income). Unfortunately, his bad luck causes an epic crash partway into the first match, and he is eliminated. The Yakuza are disappointed, but not in deadly way (yet) so he’ll have to try again next time. HCB and Tobias decide to hold off on the jetpacks until they get some money.

Ivan has been in hiding, in the maintenance room off of the sewers which Daedelus guided him to. He has been working to kick his rampant alcoholism, and has succeeded in reducing it’s effects and severity. He is desparate for guidance, feeling bereft without his car, and still feeling somewhat betrayed by Tobias. When Daedelus gets ahold of him with his new SIN, he chooses to be a mechanic, and goes to work for Tamany in the junkyard. Tamany, recognizing Ivan, hooks him up with a cheap van, which he can work to pay off, and work on in his spare time. Ivan is thrilled. Daedelus also lets Ivan know that it is working on setting up a Mars City Exchange (similar to the Seattle version) and enlists Ivan’s enthusiastic aid. Ivan also gives Daedelus unfettered access to all his sensory data, all the time. Ivan calls Wade, who seems somewhat distant and upset about the crackdown. Ivan tries to get him to help with the Exchange, but Wade seems nonplussed. Ivan is imagining a life beyond the Problem Children-they think too small for his new ambitions….

K has been laying low in Madame Gavral/Arlen Thompson’s company, learning some powerful new spells. He also attends HCB’s failed joust (along with Ivan), and gets some info on metaplanar quests, which he plans to pursue further in the future.

Rolf has been attempting to gain some standing in the Vory MMA matches held in the eastern undercity, with some success. He initially struggled to find the location of the events, but eventually got sent in the right direction, and managed to join in an amateur night bout. He handily defeated his first two opponents, even though it seemed the crowd was firmly against him. Unfortunately, after an epic match, he was ko’d by his (heavily injured) third opponent. Due to their enjoyble performance, both were invited back for future demos, although Rolf may find himself playing the heel, given his poor crowd interaction.

UB! has been trying to cement his position in the gang, and make as rapid a rise through the ranks as possible. He has been taking on as many cleanup jobs as possible in former BS turf, and thus far has evaded capture by the ever more present LoneStar.

Patrick Henry Hughes calls Tobias a few weeks after the spaceport, and lets him know about a new job that Ares is sending his way. Apparently, the Ares subsidiary Knight Errant has been losing a lot of contract bids to LS recently, given LS’s confident and aggressive policing and takeover of the spaceport (and chunks of the undercity). Ares wants this to change. So, PHH proposes that Tobias get the crew together, find a way into an upper city Ares detention center, steal some data about current and pending contracts, upload a virus, trash the place, and not get caught. Tobias is intrigued, and manages to gain a KE contract manager’s contact info for more info about the job, in exchange for a substantial discount on the price of the job. PHH tells T to keep the HERF gun for now.

Tobias sets up a meet with Ivan and HCB, HCB invites K to watch (and smell) through his comm. Rolf hears about the job independently from Sylvain, and of course agrees. Anything for Ares! They meet in the sewer at a point of Ivan’s choosing. Tobias, aware of the new security situation, travels there unarmed, wearing his latest undercity gang fashions. He brings a copy of his pro-Edit program and a fancy bottle of whiskey as a “sorry” gift for Ivan. Ivan accepts the program, but refuses the alcohol, staying on the wagon (for now). HCB, seeing Ivan refuse the drink, pours his shot back into the bottle. Tobias, hating for a good drink to go to waste, downs the two remaining shots, and then gets down to business.

He tells the team about the job from KE, and also tells them that he and UB! have been talking about trying to set themselves up as leaders of a gang in ex-BS turf, either under the Problem Children, or possibly on their own. Tobias floats the idea of taking out Wade (which Ivan might support), or turning him into the cops (which Ivan does not support). Tobias plans to weaken LS enough that KE can pick up some undercity contracts, and then he can manipulate KE through his contact(s) to persecute other gangs while consolidating their own turf.

After some discussion (and after they bring K and Rolf in), they decide to do the KE run for now, and talk about the gang situation after, when they have some money and time to focus on it. They decide to do some preliminary research, and scout it out, with the aim of completing the run within the next 5 days (the timeline PHH provided), hopefully with UB!’s assistance.

To begin gaining some of the popularity they’ll need to pull off making their own gang, they collaborate on a video (edited by Tobias) of them killing Halfman at Longpig’s mansion. HCB performs the music (solo this time, as Chalt and Jerl are still in LS detention). Tobias sets the colors of the team members to match the old colors from April’s run trid’s, so anyone in the know knows who it is. Ivan and HCB hope to build some street cred, and let folks know they are still out there: kind of test the waters for a possible gang of their own, as it were. HCB hires Remus to upload it discretely (for a hefty fee), and it spreads over the matrix, casuing quite a stir. Only time will tell if it has the effect desired!

HERF gun has rec gear and a bomb (if captured)

april sees trid, knows who is involved, hunts down Remus?

The Aftermath
2/17/2010, 12:34:00 PM
In the aftermath of the spaceport attack, LoneStar has cracked down and consolidated its hold on Mars City security contracts. Insisting that the independent spaceport security force is incapable of preventing attacks such as the one which just occurred, LS has maneuvered itself into a new position of power and prominence. Knight Errant, the Ares subsidiary, is still looking to expand it’s MC operations, however, so LS’s hold might not last long.

Spaceport security, now under LoneStar, has obviously been tightened considerably, and LS has been sending a lot more armored patrols down into the previously off-limits undercity. Needless to say, this hasn’t been popular with the various street gangs and criminal syndicates who have had the run of the undercity streets until now. The bigger crime families are able to pay off the cops, of course, but some of the smaller gangs and groups are struggling. Deimos prison moon is receiving a lot of new inmates, due to LS’s agressive tactics and harsh sentencing.

LS has also put notorious MC terrorist Andoras Hamshallow’s (one of Tobias Cheney’s fake SINS) armored car on display, having captured it during the assault on the spaceport. They are currently analyzing it to determine if it is indeed the same car used in an earlier spaceport attack on an Aztechnology warehouse, as well as a daring midday upper city bank heist and a terrorist attack on a museum, amongst other unsolved crimes. LoneStar detectives are linking together a number of crimes, and previously unassociated criminals, due to this fortuitous capture. They believe that the former NeoNet employee, Harmony Craig Bottow, appears to have been working in concert with Hamshallow, as well as the undercity gangster Ivan the Jackle, a mage using the aliases Kelly Rogers and Carlos Bender (two of “K”’s SINs), and a dwarf using the alias Jeremy Stormaling (an HCB SIN). Bottow was of course arrested after the bank job, and sent to Deimos, where he was killed in a disturbance, according to LoneStar. But they believe they are making good progress in rounding up the other members of his crew.

LoneStar has requested the public’s help in providing any information leading to the capture or death of any of these criminals, as well as an unnamed ork, troll, and two humans, who appear to be working with the fugitives above. LoneStar has also announced that these individuals have been connected with the primitivist terrorist organization Olympus Prime, who appears to have hired some of the mercenaries involved in the brazen shuttle attack at the spaceport, although they were slow in claiming responsibility, as Hamshallow beat them to it. There is speculation on various local news channels that Hamshallow has branched out on his own, away from his former employer’s in OP, but it is unclear as to what his agenda might be. LS has yet to announce any captures, aside from the detention for questioning of Chalt and Jerl, HCB’s former badmates in the Crod Stompaz.

Operation Bird Problem Pt 2
2/1/2010, 3:45:00 PM
Dramatis Personae
Runners
“K”
Harmony Craig Bottow
Ivan the Jackle
Rolf Soren Ramis
UltraBoy!
Tobias Cheney
Others
Daedelus
Patrick Henry Hughes
Ut-Napishtim

The team on the shuttle prepares themselves, having stopped the second line, and HCB fires the first grapple gun. He misses. Rolf fires the second (with the magnetized end) and nails it. UB! heads down the wire hand over hand while HCB winds up the first grapple again. He fires again and misses, and decides to just slide down the first wire. He does so, but slams into the other side, having failed to brake sufficiently. Luckily, UB! had just gotten out of the way. HCB tumbles off the wind, but grabs onto the underside of the shuttle with his magnethand. Rolf takes skating jump while reeling himself in on the grapple, and manages to maintain his grip when it jerks at the end. He pulls himself up towards the door, grabbing HCB on the way, while UB! climbs over.

Meanwhile, Ivan launches his IC program in his dragonfly node to help him fend off his cyberattacker. Tobias, realizing that his defensive dinosaur icon is not helping, decides to pursue a different course of action. He calls the spaceport, using the Hamshallow SIN, and claims that he (the notorious terrorist Hamshallow) has hijacked the shuttle that the team initially ascended on, and wants 500k nuyen to let them go. He then jacks out of the dragonfly and shuts off his ‘link. However, the pilot of the shuttle is still conscious and able to see that everyone left the shuttle, so this is maybe not going to be super effective.

Ivan continues combating the intruder, and eventually defeats it with the assistance of his IC. He then has the dragonfly fly away from the spaceport as fast as it can, maintaining comm’s silence for a few seconds to hopefully avoid detection. Tobias, after a few seconds pass, checks his messages, and finds a call from a LoneStar official (who claims to be a hostage negotiator) asking Hamshallow for more specific demands. Tobias does some research on primitivist prisoners on Deimos and Earth, and demands a few prominent figures be released, in addition to the money. He also tells them to meet at a certain undercity point in (former) BS turf to do the money exchange. He hacks his datatrail repeatedly throughout this process.

Up top again, the shuttle team is preparing to cut their way in. They decide to go in through the door, rather than the cockpit canopy, as HCB wants to insure that they don’t damage any instruments essential to flight. UB! jacks into a plug on the door, but Tobias is unable to hack it and Ivan is busy, so they decide to cut through with the thermite. Rolf heads down with the third charge to cut off the cuff. HCB starts cutting the door, while UB! assists, after he jacks out. Rolf gets to the cuff, hooks the lanyard on the grapple gun to his belt, and attaches the grapple to the underside of the shuttle, allowing him to use his hands. However, he squeezes the applicator tube way to hard and it squirts out of his hand to drop to the ground. UB! begins heading down to meet him halfway with the last charge remaining, while HCB kicks at the door. He pretends to be coming to the rescue of the people inside, with no obvious results.

Ivan is still trying to fly his dragonfly away, below, when he feels someone attacking its firewall again. As another icon enters, he backs out of the node and leaves it on autopilot, with instructions to reboot (dropping the intruder at the same time hopefully) and tells K to go catch the drone as it plummets from the sky. K does so, zipping off towards the spaceport via a powerful levitate spell. Ivan manages to shut the system down before any serious damage gets done, and K locates it via Ivan’s instructions and catches it, heading back towards the car. Total quidditch. Ivan deploys the iball (now hovering) to watch their backs and checks all around for approaching threats.

Above, HCB kicks in the door, and rushes in, seeing a slightly larger shuttle interior that the one they recently left. It looks like not all of the creches are full, but they are probably around 15-18 people aboard. He heads for the cockpit, but gets a knife in the face as he rounds the corner of the first creche rack. UB! is reascending to help after passing off the charge to Rolf, who heads down to the cuff again and begins burning through one side, attempting to conserve enough charge to coat the other side as well. HCB retreats towards the door, and swings with his metalhand. Unfortunately, it gets stuck in an occupied creche (the magnet wreaking havoc on the systems-bad news for the occupant!), and he gets stalled partway to the door, and surrounded. He is quickly ko’d by two goons with knives. UB! reenters behind one of them, and quickly kills him with the old stab and shock, via his new improved oversized metalhand. He is quickly surrounded as well, as more goons approach, and he calls to K for assistance as he struggles.

K turns around and heads back towards the shuttle line, tucking the drone in is pocket. He feels this is enough of an emergency to justify deviating from the plan a bit. He is watching the shuttle team in his HUD, so he knows it looks a bit dire, although UB1 is holding his own. As K ascends towards the shuttle, he also notices a helicopter rising up above him-it seems the Hamshallow distraction may not have worked. Staying invisible, he channels a forceful blow into the prop, bending it, and significantly slowing the choppers ascent. He zips past it, and heads straight for the shuttle. Rolf finishes burning through the second side of the cuff, and it pops loose with a light tap, sending the shuttle lurching free into the air, and beginning to accelerate towards terminal velocity. Which will hopefully only be terminal for the TA, if things go according to plan. UB! is knocked unconsciousness as everything shifts, and he takes some blows from the goons inside, as well as slamming into a wall pretty hard.

K approaches invisibly, slaps a stimpatch on UB!’s feet (which are jutting out the door) and levitates one of the goons out the door, dropping him the mile and a half to the ground. Ivan begins driving towards the spaceport while Tobias works on calculating an intercept course with the descending shuttle, as they feel they may need to blow it up via external methods if the team all gets ko’d. K enters the shuttle after healing UB! back to consciousness, and reaches out for HCB as well. Rolf climbs his way back in, and heads to the opposite end of the creche row from the rest of the team, encountering two more goons there. He smashes the first goons face in in once blow. Meanwhile, HCB regains consciousness and struggles to free himself, as UB! combats the nearest goon, and K hovers above. HCB manages to extract his hand, and K passes him the monofil chainsaw to cut into the cockpit, as Rolf dispatches the last visible goon in the back. HCB attempts to cut in, but the pilot seems to be working pretty hard to level the shuttle out, and it jerks right when he is trying to slide the blade it, and he jams it up in the wiring by the door and gets it stuck.

The team consults and decides to detonate an EMP grenade aboard the shuttle, and then flee via K’s levitation (and invisibility), hopefully unnoticed. Then Ivan and Tobias will blast the shuttle from the car if it looks like the pilot still has any control. The shuttle team all turn off their ‘links in preparation, and the team in the car anxiously waits for a sign. K passes out one frag grenade each, and instructs everyone to toss them after he makes everyone invisible, and everyone grabs hold of him. He then casts invisibility individually on everyone, the EMP grenade goes off, they toss their frag grenades, and they fly free. However, as they are invisible, the car team can’t see them. So they wait, while still driving the intercept course. They see the shuttle shake, as if it just lost many of its controls? They still wait, wanting to make sure their allies are clear.

The next evidence is more obvious: an explosion shakes the shuttle, and fire pours out the gaping hole cut in the side. It begins jettisoning what seem to be escape pods as Ivan and Tobias watch. Tobias blasts the shuttle in one wing, sending it off course, and ensuring it won’t be able to land on the highway to Mars City. It spirals out towards the desert. There are seven pods in total, and they begin firing. However, the away team turns comms back on, and announces that they are rapidly descending, giving a point to come meet them. Also, there is a helicopter bearing down on them from the spaceport. Alarming. Ivan spins it around and heads back towards the still invisible team members, who are coming under fire from a helicopter mounted minigun-fortunately K is adept enough, and the gunner seems to be distant enough, that most of the shots miss, although HCB is once again ko’d. Rolf catches him, avoiding dropping him to the ground. The chopper also launches a missile at Ivan’s car.

Ivan continues driving and takes a wide shot at the chopper, while Tobias focuses on downing the incoming missile-he luckily succeeds, although he is running low on gauss ammo. The team reaches the ground and UB! and Rolf sprint for the car (regaining visibility once they leave K’s LOS) while K tries to heal HCB again, getting him just back to consciousness. Ivan takes another shot at the chopper, and wings it, as a second one approaches and opens fire. Tobias takes down another missle, and he and Ivan team up to drop the two choppers, while the rest of the team loads into the car. They return to shooting down pods, finishing off the last four while quickly heading towards Mars City alongside the highway. Unfortunately, it seems the city is onto them: there is a cloud of sirens approaching from that direction, while two more choppers are coming up from the spaceport behind. Ivan cranks the Crod Stompaz, and switches his morphing plates to “Fuck Cops” again.

Ivan speeds forward, keeping an eye on the fairly thin traffic, in order to dash across at an opportune moment, hopefully ditching some pursuit. As they close, he can see it looks like 8 LoneStar cars, plus the two choppers. They begin exchanging fire once withing range, with Tobias and Ivan disabling a few of the cars at the extreme ranges their weapons can reach. The choppers are launching more missiles, and HCB and UB! put themselves on damage control, trying to shoot down all the incoming. Ivan dashes across the highway as some of the Lonestar cars veer towards him, but they seem to be fairly good drivers, and compensate. The choppers are still closing from behind as well. They drop two more cop cars, do some damage to the choppers, and then swerve back across the highway, while HCB and UB! blast two more missiles. Unfortunately, Ivan clips a car he didn’t notice, and spins out, slowing himself. he recovers, but his adversaries have a momentary advantage. Tobias nails one cop car with the HERF gun, sending it coasting down the road-UB! can’t resist the easy target, and blasts it. Ivan seems to be driving or soaking almost all the damage so far, luckily.

However, the cops seize their advantage, and two cars ram Ivan’s from the front and side, bringing him to a near stop. The team wildly opens fire on all sides, and Rolf successfully brings down one of the wounded birds with an explosive arrow. HCB suggests they leave one car intact, and blows out the window on one of the nearest to get a shot inside. They manage to take out the rest of the cops and the remaining chopper as the car soaks up more and more damage, eventually giving out under the concerted firepower. It barely moves, although the turret still works. Ivan begins transferring drones to the intact copcar while HCB, Rolf, and UB! jump in. Tobias calls PHH to ask for extraction, but he says it’s too hot, and tells T to ditch his team and meet up with a Knight Errant team out in the desert, away from the carnage, and above all, NOT to lose the HERF gun. Tobias agrees, and scrambles. Ivan takes a shot at him with the autocannon, but misses, due to Tobias’ sneaking suit. K also takes off, believing he has a better chance on his own.

The remaining four members pile into the car with all the gear they can grab off the car, and tear off across the desert towards Mars City while sirens near the site down the highway. Ivan instructs the car to blast anything that approaches, and he sees it take out two LoneStar ambulances before he loses signal in a blaze of incoming fire. He grieves silently while racing for the undercity. As most of the team needs to get to a hospital before their stimpatches wear off, or die, HCB calls up Docwagon and arranges payment and rendevouz at two separate sites for himself and UB!. HCB rolls out of the car at the appropriate corner, and shits himself and pretends to be drunk to distract anyone pedestrians from looking too closely at him, until his wagon arrives a short while later. UB! gets dropped off and meets his wagon as well. Rolf calls a cab to meet them, gets in, and then realizes he can’t pay the driver, so he tells him to drop him off near where he is going, and then ko’s him with a narcoject arrow which he stabs through the seat. He gets a coffin hotel room for the night, and crashes.

Ivan, having seen everyone off, and in kind of a panic, calls Daedelus, who instructs him to ditch the car, and bringing the cat long, head down a nearby ally. Ivan follows instructions, gets to a locked door, which suddenly unlocks, heads inside, finds a sewer entrance, and swims and wades through sewage according to Daedelus’ instructions. He eventually meets with Ut-Napishtim, who guides him to a safehouse where he can lay low. He is in a panic about the presumed destruction/seizure of his car, and feels cast adrift.

hamshallow-how wanted/believed?
ivan drone damaged from hacking?
k sin wanted
k stim shutdown?
ivan’s future?
slaughtertower?
media/public response to raid?
lonestar response to raid?
spaceport response to raid?
status of ta?
daedelus/tamanous future jobs? manipulate ivan?

Operation Bird Problem
1/25/2010, 8:35:00 PM
Dramatis Personae
Runners
“K”
Ivan the Jackle
Harmony Craig Bottow
Rolf Soren Ramis
Tobias Cheney
UltraBoy!
Others

The team reunites, and Tobias successfully ups the magnetism on UB!’s new oversized hand, similar to the work he did on HCB’s. UB! is still feeling weird about his completely mediocre date with Jaro. K is totally pumped on his new metamagic. Everyone else fills them in on the plan for the run-UB! got a parachute, as instructed, and they also stock up on thermite bars to cut through the shuttles. Ivan uses his knowledge of Mars maps to find a good spot to park, out in the desert, and covers the car with TA camo tarp that he has been saving for just such an occasion. K flies invisibly above, waiting to fly to the rescue. The team plans to go up and stop the first shuttle either via hacking or an EMP grenade, and then grappling gun over to the second shuttle, which they hope also to stop similarly.

Ivan and Tobais peruse some shuttle manufacturer websites, as well as general trid databases for any intel they can gather. Tobias cross references the shuttle number that Daedelus gave them with the manufacturing company on a matrix database, and finds some info out-the shuttle is probably sized to accomodate between 15 and 25 metahumans, and will have some sort of in atmosphere flight capabitlity. Good news, since HCB or Ivan can probably glide or fly it away from the spaceport, although that could mean a lot of TA goons.

Ivan then calls the spaceport, posing as a Renraku employee scared of flying, and eventually manages to navigate through a terrible matrix menu to get to a human operator, who he convinces to answer some of his questions. He finds out the the shuttles are not independently controlled, but are run up and down the monofil via spaceprt control (to make sure everything times out right), and that in the rare occasion of the a full stop on a line (usually triggered by birds flying into the lines and such) they can halt all shuttle movement from the central control. Hearing about the birds, he tells the other team members to get a netgun to blast into the second line, hopefully disabling it. The shuttles also have individual creches where people will spend their journey to Earth in a drugged sleep, ensconsed safely in gel, to avoid damage from high-g maneuvering. Also, passengers are required to enter their creches a few minutes before exiting atmosphere (at the leatest), which means the team aboard ther shuttle will be able to wander around freely until they make their exit.

Ivan successfuly infiltrates his firefly drone through outer spaceprt security and parks it watching the monofil wires for some much needed video surveillance. He and Tobias then re-enter the spaceport’s system throught the security-level backdoor that Tobias had left for them, and begin looking for ways to shut down the shuttles so that the team can jump across. They wait for the team to arrive and watch. Ivan sends the dragonfly up alongside the shuttles as they begin their ascent (the team’s shuttle is not going up for a bit yet, but the dragonfly is slower).

Meanwhile, Rolf, UB!, and HCB have arrived at the spaceport via autocab, Rolf has his lined bag (supposedly carrying corp secrets, according to their fake access codes) with a false bottom, containing two EMP grenades and the 4 thermite charges, as well as some narcoject arrowheads with a short, snapped-off shaft, just in case. Rolf and HCB get through security fine, but UB! gets pulled aside for questioning: it seems his boarding pass is out of order. He intimidates the clerk into letting him through, but Tobias and Ivan notice in matrix that UB! has been flagged for extra sedation on the ascent, and decide to try to turn off the sedative for all the team member creches. HCB puts on his parachute while in the waiting area, and a stewardess asks him what’s going on, to which he says he is scared of flying. She seems really weirded out, as do other passengers (for obvious reasons), and HCB decides to take it off again and stow it back in his bag. Tobias and Ivan notice he also gets flagged for extra sedation.

Small issues aside, they do all make their shuttle, and begin the ascent. Ivan notices another low level alert in the system, it seems his dragonfly has been spotted but not id’d as a drone yet. He ignores it for now. Tobias decides that gaining admin access is the only way to get to the nodes he needs to shut down the line from here, so he begins breaking in as Ivan tries to distract matrix security. Meanwhile, in the shuttle, Rolf is trying to surreptiously distribute the gear he brought aboard, although he is somewhat sabotaged by HCB freaking out his fellow passengers. After they complain, the pilot triggers another security alert, and an almost odorless gas begins entering the creches. The rest of the passengers calm down a bit, but HCB, smelling trouble (ha) exits his creche, and joins Rolf and UB! in the bathroom/kitchenette area. They all strap into parachutes and head for the door, as the pilot instructs everyone to enter their creches, for their own safety.

In matrix, Tobias punches through into Admin nodes, but sets off an alert in doing so: Ivan tries to make himself a target and distract the sytem security while Tobias spoofs the monofil brake node into thinking a bird (or something similar) hit the line, thus shutting it down. He then edits the node access history to disguise his activities, and jacks out. Ivan takes some damage from some Robocop looking IC, and hot dumps to avoid death. He hacks both his and Tobias’ datatrails, and then jumps back into the drone, to find it being assaulted as well: something is trying to come through the firewall. Ivan summons Tobias for aid, and readies himself.

The shuttle begins rapidly braking, and the 3 members aboard slam into the wall, taking some stun damage. The passengers begin panicking again, and a gas begins entering the whole cabin. HCB tells the others to hold their breath (although Rolf has an internal air supply), as the captain tells them that they really need to get to their creches while this is sorted out, as they are near the point where the trip gets bit rougher. They ignore him and bust out the thermite rods, netgun and grapple gun. The captain announces that security is now on its way, and instructs them to return to their creches. They slice throught the bulkhead, starting it burning in a few places, and then kicking the circle of metal out (and down), while holding their breath. Rolf takes two lucky shots with the netgun, and the second line begins to slow. They see their target shuttle (id’d by the numbers on the side) approaching, and HCB pegs it with the magnetized grapple gun. They prepare to jump over, and hopefuly be away ahead of security!

Meanwhile, another Robocop icon gets loosed in Ivan’s dragonfly, after something/one punches hole in the firewall, and it and Ivan begin to fight, while Tobias tries to look intimidatingly defensive in the background (unsucessfully).

Next time: So far, so good, but can they pull it off?

Through the Doors of Perception
1/22/2010, 11:18:00 PM
Dramatis Personae
Runners
“K”
UltraBoy!
Others
Arlen Thompson
Madame Gavral
Jaro

While everyone else is off researching the spaceport and doing prep and recon for the next run, K and UB! are on very different journeys. UB! attempts to find love. K attempts to find a greater truth, and a better understanding, of the magical world.

UB!, after waking up covered in Problem Children graffiti, and realizing that he is actually in the gang, is extremely happy. He asks Jaro to accompany him on a romantic outing to Heliopolis, where he is planning to upgrade his cyberhand with some alphaware. To his surprise, she agrees, and they head out in her car. UB! shows her the sights, such as they are, and then enters surgery. Not the most romantic thing ever, waiting for your date to regain consciousness after an operation. But to her credit, Jaro doesn’t just bail and drive back to Mars City leaving UB! stranded. She spends most of her time in the Red Delta, exchanging war stories with Kano. UB! has the surgical team add a magnetic attachment to his hand, after hearing that HCB got one. He also upgrades from the single cyber blade to wolverine claws, and adds a shock palm enhancement. However, all this additional ‘ware necessitates expanding his hand, so he now has a visibly oversized cyberhand. He also takes this opportunity to upgrade some of his old ‘ware to alpha grade, freeing up a little essence.

Him and Jaro head back to Mars City, she’s a little frosty, but they part on decent enough terms. UB! doesn’t feel like he either succeeded or failed at getting closer to Jaro, and hopes for better luck in the future. He decides he needs his own ride, though, and purchases a Scoot brand scooter, as it’s all he can afford. He upgrades the armor a bit, and rides around getting the rest of the gear he thinks he will need, after the team informs him of the spaceport plan. he gets a new ‘soft, a chute, and a grapple gun, and feels pretty ready to go.

Meanwhile…

K attends a meeting of HOotCL a day after the mansion raid. He travels invisibly through the undercity, then hires a cab and dons a dustmask (for pollution, he says) once he reaches the uppercity. He is still somewhat injured from the last run, but is eager to initiate, and so goes ahead with it. The meeting proceeds as normal, although many members seem not to recognize K, as he had previously attended with bandaged face. Feeling his usual uncharismatic self, he tries to participate appropriately, and makes a few good points without making an ass of himself.

After a few hours of talk, Thompson introduces the topic of K’s initiation, and asks K to leave so they can vote, and adds that he can say some short remarks if he wishes. K tries to keep it simple, and short. He fails to impress, but doesn’t totally flop, and on that note he leaves. He walks a short ways down the block from the cafe, and leans against a wall. he is trying to keep calm, but slips into panic a few times. About half an hour passes before one of the group members summons him in. The rest of the group is sitting in a semi-circle facing him, with an open spot for him to sit. They all appear fairly neutral. He initially attempts to match their expressions, but quickly abandons this and allows himself to appear nervous.

Thompson says that they had a very close vote, and that he is pleased to announce that K has been authorized to initiate in the HOotCL at level 1, as a provisional member. The vote was 7-5, so K knows there are some who opposed his joining, but Thompson and Gavral seem to have pushed heavily for him in thanks for the jobs he has done for them. K thanks everyone, and makes an effort to remember everyone’s names. Thompson tells him the time and place of the ceremony, tomorrow, in the warehouse district near the spaceport highway. The meeting slowly disbands, and K heads to the site to scout.

He finds the building alright (via cab again, to avoid detection by LoneStar), and doesn’t notice anything obvious nearby that looks like a threat or trap. However, the building blocks his attempts to astrally enter, with some sort of astral security. K recognizes that it is not a mana barrier, as those have a specific presence, but something more mundane (and also more permanent). So he deduces that this is a regular testing facility, and goes and finds a nearby hotel recommended by th cabbie to hole up til the morning. He orders some food (and three wakeup calls) and then tries to center himself and rest. He is too nervous to do very well at this, though he does eventually manage some sleep. He has a healthy breakfast early the next morning, and arrives at the test site two hours early.

He passes the first hour alright, but then starts to freak out and feel queasy, but gets in it hand just as two cars pull into the lot, and 6 cloaked figures enter the warehouse. The last one in beckons K to the door. K approaches, and enters the warehouse. He is still unable to assense thru the walls, and feels disconnected from his usual manasphere as soon as he enters the building. He looks about, and all he sees is a spiral staircase far across the warehouse, with a single dim light shining down on it. He sees some weird flashes at the edges of his vision as he enters, but can’t pinpoint them, so ignores them, but is put a bit on guard. He flies towards, but slams into an invisible barrier on the way, taking light damage. He determines (astrally) that it is a dual barrier, and destroys it with spellcraft. It shatters, revealing rows and stacks of boxes reaching to the ceiling. There is one obvious entry point, but K knocks some other boxes aside to find a different way in.

he begins traveling through the crate maze, taking his time and proceeding cautiously to avoid further surprises. He eventually emerges on the other side, and sees the stairs ahead again. However, he also senses two astral presences approaching, and prepares spells to defend himself. Two firey forms coalesce out of the aether, and charge in for the attack. K hastens his responses, and begins launching powerbolts at the elementals. They attack him physically, and begin lighting the crate maze on fire. K fells one, but the other goes still, and he feels his astral presence under attack. He switches to astral space, and is nearly ko’d by the elemental there, using a dead man’s trigger to cast a healing spell on himself, and maintaining consciousness. He finishes off the elemental, and goes back to meatspace.

He slaps a second stimpatch on himself, having used one earlier to overcome drain damage, and heads towards the stair. The fire is raging out of control behind him. He seems unable to make any progress, every step he takes, the building seems to move with him, as if he is walking in place. Recognizing the effects as a powerful illusion spell, he manages to just barely wrench his mind free, and slogging forward as if thru molasses eventually reaches the stair, still feeling the increasing ambient heat of the fire growing behind him. He ascends the stairs.

As soon as he reaches the top, all light goes out, and he loses his connection to the manasphere completely. He can barely see his hand in front of his face, and all of a sudden, he is confronted all around him with images of disasters from his past-every time he has failed, or embarrassed himself. The parachuting accident in which he lost his legs replays again and again. As he pushes forward thru the images (on sheer force of will), some of the images become different versions of events which occurred to him: things that he did right or well, but which now play back as failures, deaths, and disasters. He is panicking, and it is getting darker and darker: he is totally isolated, his magic gone, all his senses bombarded by his failures. But still, he manages to push on….

And finally lays his hand on a doorknob. Swinging it open, he feels his magic return, and sees the six cloaked figures gathered in a semi-circle around a ritual marking on the floor. They beckon him into the center, and congragulate him on passing the tests, both physical and mental. He is now to be initiated, having completed his Deed. They require him to provide a ritual sample (hair, blood, nail clippings, etc) both for this ritual, and to tie him permanently to the group. He agrees, and they begin. K can feel his awareness of the magical world growing as the figures around him chant and gesture….

Next up: The Spaceport!

Planning for the Spaceport
12/1/2009, 6:22:00 PM
Dramatis Personae
Runners
Ivan the Jackle
Tobias Cheney
Rolf Soren Ramis
Harmony Craig Bottow
Others
Tamany Clark
Daedelus

The team recuperates in the various medical facilities that they are ensconced in, and begin repairing themselves and their gear. They review news coverage of the raid, and see that all that remains is a smoking ruin. Hermes News is running a commemorative for Yann (whose corpse was recovered) and April (who is presumed to have been immolated, as she hasn’t turned up). Sad. Rolph replaces his human feet with cyber feet, with a modular hover system, as well as built in skates. HCB gets a cyber hand (secondhand-get it? it’s a used hand-ha!), with a magnetic grip, which Tobias amplifies. HCB also purchases 2 anti-vehicle rockets from Ango Tyrell, who finally tracked some down again-the price is enormous, but worth it? UB! heals up quickly, and takes a few days off to go hang out with Jaro, but says he will be back for the actual run. K works on getting in good with his magical order.

Meanwhile, Ivan is working on the lynx and the car at Tamany’s yard, which HCB comes and helps with after leaving the hospital. Ivan whips through fixing the cat, impressing Tamany with his skills. They mount the lmg that HCB recovered from LP’s fortress, and get it rearmored. The damage to the car is serious, but not as severe as they feared, as a lot of it appears to be systems that shorted from the lightning bolt (the lmg fire also left holes, of course). They manage to patch the armor, repair the systems, and install the oil slick sprayer (which has been on hold for quite a while), but don’t have time to get the full camo running again, so Ivan just displays some scrolling ads on the parts that do work. HCB does a second round of combat biking for the Hikagi Iinkai, putting a little more “blood” back into “bloodsports”, to the excitement of the crowd. Two more races until he owns his bike!

Tobias has been working like mad in the shop, and generates some further income by crafting an art display incorporating Halfman’s speech (from the bank heist) etched onto pillars which rise from a shallow reflecting pool when viewers approach. It is powered by magnets. It is totally awesome, and very of the moment. Minkwave quickly finds a buyer. Tobias also helps mod team members guns and such, and tracks down a new suit of serious milspec armor for himself, with a beefed up commlink included (so he now has two serious ‘links). Ivan purchases some IC and some ECCM from Daedelus, and installs it on his drones, so as to maintain comms more effectively over jamming. Tobias and Ivan hack all the team member’s datatrails.

The team also spends time scouting and discussing in-matrix, while engaging in their various other tasks. Daedelus wants them to find a way to detach the shuttle that the TA arrivals are taking down from the tethered space station, cut it loose from the monofilament wire on which it will be riding, and blow it up somewhere a ways removed from the spaceport (so as to avoid damage, which would lead to a much larger investigation + such, which Daedelus wishes to avoid). In return, Daedelus will craft new SIN’s for all team members, as well as covering minor cosmetic surgeries (which won’t interfere with magical essence or anything) such as face and fingerprint alterations.

Ivan and Tobias hack into the spaceport main node, and (granting themselves admin access) search around for a bit. They discover spaceport blueprints, peruse them, and also discover that the shuttles can’t be detached-their tethers are fully sealed. So they decide they will have to detach the shuttle manually, using Rolph’s thermite rod. They find out that the shuttles use two monofil cables: one ascending and one descending, and that they travel at about 120 mph. The team thinks about having K fly everyone up, but decide spaceport airspace is probably well monitored, and decide to ride a shuttle up, exit somewhere along the way, and jump over to the other. They will then try to steer (or let Ivan rig) the shuttle away from the spaceport, before blowing it, and exiting via parachutes. K will be the backup plan to get them off. Ivan and T can’t find any info on rigging the shuttles-it seems different shuttles have different propulsion modes (hover, groundcraft, and flight) and they only have the ident number for the one they want.

They examine the serious security setup, and get the layout of the facilities down. They decide to add pre-screened security clearance profiles (matched to fake SIN’s that Daedelus makes to appear like they are mercenaries hired by Olympus Prime) with biometrics matched to HCB, Rolph, and UB!. The idea is that these clearances will get them on the shuttle with their tools (no weapons though), and then when the “accident” (as the spaceport will hopefully call it) is investigated, the link to OP will be discovered, and OP will get the blame. HCB and Rolph purchase parachutes, and send UB! a message to remind him to get one when he gets back from his romantic getaway. Rolph also restocks on arrows, learns boxing via sim, and gets a cute virtual dog (due to getting distracted while researching famous boxers, and looking at dog pictures instead).

Tobias and Ivan accidentally set off an alarm, and unable to shake it, they jack out. However, they hack their datatrail a few times to avoid anyone backtracing their activities, and Tobias creates a security access backdoor for himself, hoping noone will notice. Feeling pretty well prepped (and totally broke) the team readies for the run….

Raid on Longpigs Fortress Pt 3
11/26/2009, 11:22:00 AM
Dramatis Personae
Runners
“K”
Ivan the Jackle
Tobias Cheney
Rolf Soren Ramis
UltraBoy!
Harmony Craig Bottow
Others
Ut-Napishtim
Long Pig
Halfman
April O’Mally
Daedelus
Scrounge
Tamany Clark
One Shot Wade
Jaro

After clearing the yard, disabling the towers, and busting into the lower area of the mansion, the team has barricaded up while Rolph plants a thermite charge to blast through to the floor above. Team members investigate a few of the towers at the corner of the building, discovering that the handles are electrified, and that they only seem to have access to the tower tops anyway (which are of course mostly exploded). Ivan plays dead with his meat body while rigging the cat, car, and i-ball. Tobias paints some blood on him to make it more convincing. K is being severely inhibited by a strong background count, which seems to be limiting his usefulness at spellcasting and astral scouting. Once all back in position, the team has Rolph light the fuse. He gets out of the way.

The hatch burns through and drops to the floor with a loud clang. Rolph climbs over again to attempt to enter, but the magnetic spiral stairs slam down around him, sending him crashing to the floor (“the old magnetic rimjob”). He is fortunately able to get out of the way and avoid getting caught between them- but this place sure is filled with traps! HCB chucks the i-ball up, but once again the jammer/ecm running upstairs overpowers Ivan’s signal, and he loses the drone. HCB climbs up via a grapple gun, followed by Ut. Once emerged, HCB is felled by a lightning bolt, but sees that they are entering some sort of lounge with a trid screen and bar. There are three doors leading off of it, and he doesn’t notice anyone in the room. Ut gets up there just in time to see an armored dwarf woman about to shank HCB in the side, and yells for K, who flies up and fries the dwarf. Then Ut is also hit with a lightning bolt. While the team below debates fleeing, they hear an “oh shit!” over the comms from April, as thick security doors slam down over the two entrances to the fortress. They then also hear the distinctive whir of a minigun opening up somewhere outside.

They decide that upstairs is the only way to go, and head that way-UB! leads the way, after a few failed attempts at using the grapple gun. K, still hovering about, heals HCB quickly and ducks back down. HCB and Ut dive into cover, and fire on the area they think the bolts are coming from: a wood panel behind the bar. It splinters, and reveals a room behind it, into which UB! and Ut launch/chuck grenades. HCB also shoots out the lock on the door that heads the same way. Meanwhile, downstairs, Ivan is watching Halfman shoot down the chopper from a second floor balcony (via the car sensors). The chopper crashes outside the front door, and Halfman jumps down, vanishing from view in the cloud of flame and smoke. Tobias’ cybereyes suddenly shut down-he’s been hacked! Ivan enters his head to try and fight off the intruder while Tobias tries to boot him. His smartgun link seems to be getting fuzzy. However, once inside, Ivan is able to distract the hacker (an elf wearing armor similar to the dwarf that he previously fought) with combat.

Upstairs, someone (presumably Longpig) is screaming at the team about trashing his house, again. Rolph enters the room, only to be shot in the face by a shotgun mounted to the ceiling. There is a large monitor bank with vidscreens, readouts, etc, and there is an elf sitting immobile in a chair with a bunch of trodes connected. Rolph shoots the elf with a narcoject, but uses a bit to much force, as the arrow exits out the far side of the elf’s neck before delivering its charge. The avatar that Ivan is fighting in the matrix briefly registers an expression of panicked shock before dissipating. Tobias’ gear comes back online. Rolph is then hit and ko’d by a massive lightning bolt by a figure who becomes visible as he slumps over-Longpig himself! HCB checks him out-he seems dead. Massive final overcast apparently. However, all is not well-the security door downstairs slides open as Halfman rushes up the stairs. Ivan, quick thinker that he is, blasts him in the back with an autocannon shell, sending him flying inside. However, Halfman quickly recovers his footing, and opens up on Tobias. Upstairs, K flies Rolph out of the building, away from the magic interference, to heal him up.

Tobias somehow manages to survive the barrage (due to that new milspec armor, no doubt), and returns fire with the gauss rifle, as HCB, Ut, and UB! open up from upstairs, and Ivan fires with the cat from closer by. HCB shouts some abuse at him, and Halfman responds by sending him a detailed file about himself-HCB is a little creeped out. UB! makes good use of his one sticky grenade, landing it squarely on Halfman’s torso, and dealing some serious damage, although Halfman stays upright and focused, keeping his attention on Tobias, who he clobbers and head-butts. Tobias, fearing for his life, leaps straight over Halfman, avoiding his grasp, and flees out the front door. Halfman then turns his attention on the cat, which has been machine gunning him repeatedly. He quickly scraps it, but continues to get pummeled for UB! high-ex grenades. HCB drops his gun, but borrows another one from UB!, and him and Ut continue to provide covering fire. Ivan turns off his comm to play dead even more convincingly, hoping that Halfman won’t see him on the other side of the barricade.

Halfman, now visibly injured, opens up on the three team members upstairs who are surrounding the hatch-HCB and Ut are ko’d, and near death, while UB! barely survives. Tobias, mastering his fear, reenters the front door, and blasts Halfman in the back with a gauss rifle shot. As he half turn s around, Tobias blasts another shot straight through his head, sending brains and wiring splattering onto the ceiling. Rolph and K finish healing and head back over in time to witness Halfman somehow continue turning, and open up on Tobias, who frantically dodges out of the way of most of the shots, but takes some serious damage. Halfman then topples over, while screaming at an otherworldly volume and increasing pitch-K examines his aura, and it going insane-tendrils whipping about and sparks shooting off and such. There is a huge, blinding blast, which shakes the building, and leaves no noticeable pieces of Halfman behind. K and Rolph begin healing up all the various injured and KO’d team members, and can’t believe their luck-they all survived! and Halfman is dead! Also, the magic interference seems to have begun dissipating.

They examine the wreckage of the chopper, and find an overweight elf’s corpse. However April is missing, and presumed escaped, although not responding to comms. Ivan calls Daedelus and requests two vehicles: a truck to haul their loot and the car away, and a a car to get everyone on stims to the hospital before they crash and possibly die. Everyone helps haul loot (weapons, the cat, the large painting of Longpig from his mansion) out front, and also search the grounds. K finds two boytoy clones in the guest house, and ties them up with the loot, Rolph comes out to help and narco’s them. Ut and HCB discover a wall safe in the master bedroom, and Ut sets to work. Ivan and Tobias patch Daedelus into the mainframe, to begin breaking through the firewalls and grabbing whatever they can get. Ivan recovers his micro drones after shutting off the ecm/jammer.

The truck arrives a short while later, and Rolph and Ivan begin loading it up, with the help of Tamany Clark, who was driving. Ivan hauls out Longpig’s body, and throws it in the refrigerated trunk, as per instructions. The fortress begins shaking and smoking at this point, and some sprinklers emerge from the lawn and begin spraying a clear liquid around. They decide its time to go-Ut finally cracks the safe and they grab all the stuff inside-a large hidebound book, which seems to be Longpig’s kill book-the pages are made of skin, and each has a figure painted on it. THere are hundreds. K takes it. They also find assorted credsticks. The car arrives and takes K, Tobias, HCB, and UB! to the hospital, where they all enter intensive care immediately to avoid imminent death. They get a steep discount, and are all out in a few days. UB! calls Jaro and brags about their exploits, scoring some serious points. Meanwhile, as the truck makes a quick exit, the whole building goes up in flames and begins collapsing-an epic end to such a place.

While driving back, Ivan gets a ping alerting him to the presence of a new geotag on a map he is examining: a pighead logo with an X through it, in an abandoned warehouse not too out of their way. They head there, and Ivan enters. There are three figures wearing odd metal masks. One is seated at an ornate desk, which seems incongruous in the otherwise barren warehouse. The other two are standing behind and to either side of the seated figure, with their arms folded in front of them. They ask Ivan if he has the goods, and he says he will get them. He hauls in LP and the narco’ed boytoys, explaining their significance as he does so. Ivan refuses help from the rest of the team on this, even through he is so physically weak-he wishes to appear capable for whoever this is.

The man at the desk seems interested in the clones, and pleased with Ivan’s initiative on the matter, as well as satisfied with LP’s condition (dead, but not destroyed), and he signals to the two men on either side of him, who bag up the three bodies and exit through the farside of the warehouse. The man at the desk tells Ivan they have one last piece of business, and pulls out a sheet of parchment, which he unrolls, and asks Ivan to sign. It is in a language Ivan doesn’t know, but based on the seemingly European accents of the men, he runs through some matrix translation services real quick and finds one that works. He quickly scans the document, and sees it is a service contract pledging him to this unnamed organization’s service in perpetuity. The man insists he sign in blood, and he does so. The man then rolls the paper up, seals it with wax, and ties it shut, before slipping it into his coat pocket. He thanks Ivan for his services rendered and says that they will once again be in touch. Ivan takes the hint and exits, and get s a ping that a big chunk of nuyen just got put into his account. They drive back to the junkyard to begin repairs.

Meanwhile, Tobias finds a buyer for the large painting he grabbed, and makes another big chunk of change. In tandem with the credsticks, and their share of the accounts Daedelus found, as well as Daedelus’ money, the team is swimming in cash. Ut refuses a share, saying he came with solely for revenge, so they split it six ways, and begin planning how to spend it. Ivan gets a bit more, in order to repair the car and cat. He also gets in touch with Wade and lets him know the updates. Wade warns Ivan that they are going to have to watch the Mad Martians carefully now that they no longer have a common enemy. Ivan is non-plussed, as he feels he is sort of beyond petty gang warfare at this point. He is feeling more and more disconnected from his previous life, and plans to spend more time focusing on securing his links to some of these promising new connections. However, he talks up UB! a lot, and Wade agrees to jump him in.

Jaro invited UB! to a party, where the PC get him trashed (although he refuses the street drugs), and then beat him into unconsciousness. He stabs a few in self defense, but nothing serious. He wakes up covered in PC graffiti, and is now a member of the gang. He is thrilled. Daedelus contacts the team, and tells them that they are working on a plan for intercepting the TA reinforcements, who are arriving in mere days. They buckle down, and start planning…..

Raid on Longpigs Fortress Pt 2
11/14/2009, 3:44:00 PM
Dramatis Personae
Runners
“K”
Ivan the Jackle
Tobias Cheney
Rolf Soren Ramis
UltraBoy!
Harmony Craig Bottow
Others
Ut-Napishtim
Long Pig
Halfman
April O’Mally

The team, after collecting themselves for a moment, takes a look around-and notices that some gun slits have opened on the upper levels of the towers at each corner of the fortress. Ivan takes the car back into cover as some machine guns open fire, with UB! providing covering fire. K heads away from the shooting as well, and takes cover behind the annihilated TA car in the alley. Tobias and Rolph carefully scope out the scene with their smartlinked weapons, while staying in cover. Ivan, UB!, HCB, and Ut remain in the car. Ivan manages to move the car to a position where he can fire on one of the towers without being visible to the others, and does so, lobbing a shell straight into the southwest tower. Tobias has also been firing on this position, while moving around and staying low to avoid the incoming bullets and grenades. He takes serious damage from a frag, however. Rolph decides to take matters into his own hands, and fires some arrows into the nearest vision slit, and then takes a running leap towards the northwest tower, using his emergency chute to glide over, and then grabbing hold with his gecko gloves. Unfortunately, he gets shot from the northeast tower while doing so, sustaining some major damage. But he makes the jump! Very impressive. He scales the wall, as Ivan lobs a shell straight into the room above. Surveying the devastation, Rolph decides not to venture inside alone, and continues towards the roof, to get a better view.

Once stepping atop the roof, he receives some fire from the northeast tower, and ducks back down. Ivan, UB! and HCB all start firing on the fence, and trying to determine if there are land mines. They eventually successfully detonate some sort of buried explosive, and decide to try to find a better way in. Ivan approaches the gate again in the car and begins to enter, but has to reverse back through to avoid an incoming rocket from an rpg that has just rushed out onto the upstairs fortress balcony. He avoids the shot, but it caves in the scanner tunnel, blocking that way in. The rpg team takes a a second shot at K, hiding behind the TA car in the alley. Ut has run over the help heal him, and they both dodge out of the way of most of the damage, but the car is shredded. UB!, Tobias, and Rolph team up to open fire on the team, setting off their supply of rockets, apparently, as a large explosion occurs. K heals himself and HCB, and then HCB and Ut head towards the fortress, crawling over the gatehouse wreckage and weaving across the lawn. Ivan blows through the front fortress door with the autocannon as they approach. UB! heads in as well, as Rolph begins descending to join them. Tobias hears a helicopter approach, as he continues to exchange fire with the southeast tower. Ivan signals that it is their former comrade April, who he called about the possible news story occurring. While she provides cover with a sniper rifle, Tobias lobs some grenades into the tower. The firing stops.

Ut approaches the door first around front, and gets hit with a lightning bolt, but staggers into cover. Ivan fires through the open door again, with no noticeable effect, it seems that vision inside is obscured in some unnatural fashion. HCB, UB!, and Rolph all gain cover near the house. Ivan sends in the firefly drone, while Tobias queries the fortress’ node. he discovers a bizaare looking carnival, and is approached by a crone-like female dwarf. She offers him candy, which he refuses, and she begins stabbing him. His icon takes some major damage and he initiates a hot dump to avoid further damage. He hacks his datatrail, and shuts off his comms. Then he jumps from the edge of the roof, over the fence into the yard, using his hydraulic legs. The helicopter continues circling. Ivan begins moving the car to a better position again, but it gets fried by a massive lightning bolt from the interior of the fortress. The engine kills, and the car no longer seems functional. So much for their escape plan! Ivan heads towards the building with his meat body as he sends up the lynx.

Through the firefly drone, he sees a figure crouching behind a spiral staircase in the center of the building, and a room to either side, as well as the access to the four corner towers. He sends the drone up the stairs, and loses contact, seemingly due to jamming. UB! steps in, and using the feed from the drone, successfully blows the mage to pieces, but also gets a lightning bolt in the chest. The rest of the team enters, and begins scoping out the area. They find a destroyed exercise room (which is apparently where Ivan’s shells have been landing), and on a sadder note, they find Scrounge’s partially dissected body in the lab/medical suite. There are other corpses in various phases of decay and dissection as well, but noone they recognize. The team members who knew Scrounge are enraged, as is April, up above. They head back out into the main area, and take fire from two more BS guards who exit the northeast tower base. They make short work of them, but then quickly have to dive out of the way of a grenade dropped down the spiral staircase, after which a gate seals off the hole through the floor.

Rolph climbs up using his gecko gloves, and begins applying foam explosives to the gate. Ivan notices someone assaulting the lynx’s firewall, and goes hot to scope it out. He sees the dwarf crone that Tobias has warned him about, and successfully sneaks up behind the icon, destroying it in two swift blows. He tries to trace it back to its source node, but fails. The team, lead by Tobias, begins assembling a barricade at the bottom of the stairs, to provide cover once Rolph blows the hatch. K is feeling uneasy, as his magical powers seem to be being interfered with in a way he hasn’t encountered before, except in the crater. It seems to worsen as he nears the stairs. They prepare….

Rigging the Meat Drone and the Raid on Longpigs Fortress
11/6/2009, 2:21:00 PM
Dramatis Personae
Runners
“K”
Ivan the Jackle
Tobias Cheney
Rolf Soren Ramis
Harmony Craig Bottow
UltraBoy!
Others
Dexter the Decker
Ut-Napishtim
Daedelus
Long Pig
Halfman

Ivan gets in touch with Daedelus, and gets a runthru of the biodrone, and then starts rigging him. Ivan and Tobias peruse the file that Daedelus has put together from processing the hacker, as well as backtracing his datatrail, in order to be able to successfully fake his personality. It will probably help that he was a member of a different cell than the other TA survivors. The team plans to have Ivan rig the drone into Meatspace, an undercity bar popular with hackers and techies due to its serious wireless security. This is the bar where the TA has been meeting outside of the BS compound to strategize and prep for the arrival of the next crew from Earth.

Meanwhile, the team begins armoring up in preparation for the big raid ahead. They convince Wade and Daedelus to front 10,000 nuyen each, and all purchase armor liners or milspec armor thru Tobias’ inhouse Ares discount. Rolph spends some quality time in the simtank to psych himself up. They also upgrade weapons, HCB gets a smartlink, Tobias explains the sticky grenades to UB! (who is thrilled) and Tobias and Ivan armor up the cat, newly purchased thru Ango Tyrell and Abe Terkorian, as well as attaching the lmg. Ivan feels on top of the world-he’s practically drowning in drones. Ivan also gets word thru Wade that another package from Halfman has arrived, this one containing a ratskin wrapped around a fetish, with the message “another one bites the dust.” The team mourns Scrounge’s apparent death, and hopes he wasn’t eaten. K calls and tells Gavral, who is saddened. UB! has still been trying to impress Jaro, but she’s been busy moving Wade from hideout to hideout, so he hasn’t made much headway. Everyone hangs out at Tobias’ in the hottub for a while, and then split up when they decide its a bad plan to all be in one place.

Ivan’s drone enters Meatspace, and scopes the joint, with the rest of the team riding AR window shotgun in his head to provide suggestions and additional eyes and ears. They spot what they think are the TA members in a booth on the far side of the bar. Ivan head across the dancefloor to get to them, and is bumped into by someone who slips something in his pocket. He pulls it out, revealing a third skin note, which everyone else also sees thru the drone’s eyes. It tells him to acquire as many of Longpig’s organs as can be gotten intact and in good shape as his first test. Failure is presented as not being an option. The rest of the team, having not seen the previous skinnotes, doesn’t know what’s going on, and everyone spends some idle time speculating as to who would be behind them, but are unable to reach an agreement. Ivan continues to the booth.

The TA members tense up on his approach, and he takes as nonthreatening of a stance as possible. They talk for a while, but seem suspicious. The story he gives them is that he was kidnapped and kept with a headjammer in the upper level of Slot, until one day he was able to shake off the incorrectly attached jammer, slip his bonds, hack his way out the window, and jump down to the trash dump. He has then been laying low to make sure he wasn’t followed to the meeting point, and now that he is sure, he has come. They don’t believe him at first, but he eventually corroborates the story with enough believable info that they buy it. Ivan and Tobias manage to order a few of the goons favorite drinks also, which helps. They find out that there are 8 surviving TA members-two drivers, 6 gunmen. Dexter (the hacker) makes 9. There is a big team coming up in a few days from Earth to boost the op, and they’ve gotten more funding from Renraku due to the seriousness of the AI they’re up against. They’re double checking security and transport around the spaceport, and the team gets some useful info, which Daedelus plans to use to fuck up the TA’s arrival in some form. But first, Daedelus wants all the TA goons dead, which ties in well with infiltrating the BS fortress anyway.

UB! begins prepping some carbombs, which the team plans to use to take out the TA as well as offering a useful distraction/start to the assault. Ivan returns via drone with the TA goons to the BS compound, and scouts out security, while Rolph especially provides useful advice about where to look, due to his security knowledge. The compound is in the center of block deep in BS turf, surrounded y buildings. There is one approach, an alley that enters thru a security gate equipped with scanners. The drone passes the scan, and Ivan enters, noticing that there is a machine gun nest covering the long alley approach. The rest of the compound is ringed in two layers of fence, with some suspicious looking open ground in between, which Rolph assumes is mined. There is a central building, to which the TA doesn’t have access, as well as two guardhouses (one of which the TA is housed in) and four tall watchtowers, also equipped with lmg’s, and a commanding view of the block. The team is disappointed that they haven’t been able to get rockets since the Azzie spaceport raid, as they would come in handy now. Ivan’s drone meets Longpig, a tall ascetic looking human with long flowing silver hair, dressed in a stylish robe. They chat about the compound’s security for a bit, and Ivan complements him on his choice of names, which LP appreciates, decrying the fact that he is usually surrounded by ignoratn plebes. Ivan pretends to understand the reference. They discuss how problematic Ivan’s team has been for both their organizations, and Ivan plays himself up as the dashing leader, which he is thrilled about. K tries to see if he is magical, but can’t tell for sure.

He spends the next day scouting a bit more, and playing badminton with some more boytoy clones on the sports green behind the house, trying to attract LP’s attention, and get in closer to him. He doesn’t succeed, but he seems to be in good with the TA, so the team decides to go ahead on the following day, believing themselves adequately prepared. Tobais researches LP’s art collection from the mansion raid, after Ivan sends him pics of it, and finds that here is an art scene legend of various up and comers receiving a big (and secretive) commission from an unknown patron, which they won’t let any of their friends see. Upon completing the work, they vanish, only to turn up in pieces sometime later (if at all). He finds some people he thinks may have built the meat sculptures, all of whom are indeed dead or missing, and decides the rumor may be true. Ivan and Tobias hack the TA cars’ systems, and gain access to the open trunk command. They call up Ut, who agrees to go along for the purposes of revenge, and arrange for him to cause a distraction out back of Meatspace so the drivers don’t notice invisible K putting the carbombs in the trunks. K also scouts the BS compound from afar, and sees that there is an astral barrier, but only surrounding the main building, but he doesn’t pursue it further, not wishing to get noticed by any astral security that might be present. Ivan plans to have the drone dive out of the second car right before he blows it, since Daedelus wants the drone back if possible. The team plans the assault, and comes with a three pronged assault tactic to hopefully take on Halfman. They rest in preparation.

The next day, the TA leaves for Meatspace, and Ivan gives K and Ut the go-ahead. Ut plays a drunkard very convincingly, enthralling the drivers with a more than adequate distraction, as K places the bombs in the trunks after Tobias pops them. Tobias shuts them with a second command. Ut takes off after K tells him it’s done, and meets K in a nearby alley, ditching his disguise. K makes him invisible, and they levitate towards the compound, as HCB and Rolph approach on public transit. Tobias jumps from roof to roof, nearly missing the last jump, but managing to flop forward in the nick of time. He sets up to take out his assigned watchtower. Ivan and UB! park nearby in the cab, while Ivan rigs the drone. Rolph and HCB arrive, and Rolph sneaks atop another building to take out his tower. K drops Ut near the alley, and sets up in back to take out his tower, or two, depending. Ut slips on another disguise and approaches HCB. They recognize each other by talking about Crod Stompaz, and Ut does a little dance to entertain them.

The TA cars enter, and the front car goes into the scanning security gate. The scanner alarm goes off, presumably detecting the bomb, and Ivan blows it. It totals the car and the goons inside, and blows the gates out on either side-easy access! He then screams and sends out an SOS comm signal before diving out of his car (locking the doors behind him with another command) and blowing the second bomb. He gets tossed a little ways from the explosion, but survives. It seems the cars were armored (as expected) which helped contain the blast, to the detriment of those inside. Two seconds into the run, and Daedelus’ mission is complete. Ivan sends the drone running for an intercept with the cab, as he revs it up and heads for the alley. UB! sets up the hmg and drops the windshield. HCB and Ut begins sprinting down the alley, providing a useful distraction for the machine gun nest, and allowing the drone to duck away scot-free. HCB takes some major damage, tho, and he and Ut both dive for cover and spend some time patching him up.

Meanwhile, Rolph, Tobias, and K have begun their assault. They discover that the tops of the watchtowers are protected by security glass, which adds a couple actions to each of their plans, but they manage to each blow thru the glass and take out the gunner. Tobias uses a combo of railgun, grenade launcher, and autofire, while Rolph uses explosive arrows, and K levitates grenades into place. However, it seems they have not gone unnoticed, and get some grenades and autofire in return from other guards on the grounds. K also sees a large group of guards empty out of the guard house and take cover inside the main compound. Tobias and K take out the additional watchtower guards on their towers, and K heads for the fourth tower. However, it seems the guards have finally caught on to his invisible presence and switched to thermal, as he gets severely shot up. But he takes out some additional guards with a majorly overcast powerbolt, and Rolph assists with some long shots across the compound.

Meanwhile, out front, the car races up to the alley (blasting Crod Stompaz, of course), slowing to pick up the biodrone. Ivan quick messages April with the location of the events, in order to help pay off his debt, as she might be interested in this scoop. They pick up Ut and HCB also while UB! provides covering fire with the hmg. He then switches to grenade launcher and blasts the nest pretty convincingly. The surviving guard flees toward the house, but is cut down by the hmg. Ivan begins blasting towers with the autocannon, and makes short work of them-they seem sturdy, but not built to resist tanks. The team finishes cleaning up outside, and begins mentally and physically prepping for the fortress itself.

Aggressive Collecting
10/27/2009, 11:58:00 PM
Dramatis Personae
Runners
“K”
Ivan the Jackle
Tobias Cheney
Rolf Soren Ramis
Others
Arlen Thompson
One Shot Wade
Yoleus
Daedelus
Long Pig
Halfman

After K leaves the hopsital, he fills the rest of the team in on the museum job. He meets Ivan in person, since K has nowhere to go (as his legal SIN, and thus residence, is presumably known to the Mars LoneStar), and they confer with Tobias over comms. Rolph and HCB are busy laying a track that Rolph wrote at the Slaughtertower, so they plan to join in later. Tobias has been splitting his time while K was in the hospital between building his tiger sculpture and working on his sticky grenades. He finishes the sculpture first, and quickly finds a buyer, for a little under his price, thru his dealer Minkwave. She relates that this is humorously the same person who bought the real tiger: the Mars City personality Romulus Chandrasekaran (Remus’ bro). He has been splashed all over the trid gossip shows walking his new tiger around the upper city, and the team briefly discuss killing him, and stealing the tiger back, as Remus never seemed to like him, but decide against it, as they can’t find a profitable angle.

Rolph finishes recording his ode to Ares, and heads to the uppercity to meet K and Ivan, on his brand new inline skates. HCB stays at the Slaughtertower to mix further, so they decide to do the museum job without him. K and Ivan head over to Tobias’ place and drink in the hottub, and K takes an astral tour of the museum, the show having just begun. He examines the piece, and it seems like it’s legit, but he doesn’t get much else. There is a mana barrier maintained around the museum, but he doesn’t pick up any piece-specific security. They also offer matrix and meat tours, so Tobias goes to take a meat tour while K and Ivan go to Arlen Thompson’s to further discuss the job. They pick up Rolph on the way. Tobias tries to interest Minkwave in accompanying him, but she declines, as she has already seen it, and was not impressed. He goes and checks it out, and gets a rough layout and idea of security presence-definitely there, and visible, but not too dominating, from what he can see.

At Thompson’s, the three others ascend to his rooftop mansion, and Rolph and Ivan try to look tough. Ivan is wearing his mask, K is bandaged, and Rolph is thus far not wanted, as far as he knows. They talk about the job, negotiate pay, and also try to talk Thompson (as a collector) into buying the ankh necklace telesma that Ivan grabbed off of Thutmose’s corpse. He says he will look it over and get them a figure when the job is done, but agrees to a small upfront fee and medical on the job. The team agrees, and begins planning, with Tobias’ memory of the layout. They discuss ways to get the piece out silently, and decide that lacking specific knowledge of the security, they would be best off with a smash and grab, covered by a major distraction. They hope that the museum will be too embarrassed to admit/report the theft, and will focus on the distraction, and will privately work things out with the collector that the piece belonged to. they get some advice on tactics and tools from Ut-Napishtim, but Rolph already has most of the suggested equipment, so they feel pretty good about preparedness.

They decide to hire a courier in the uppercity, and give him a briefcase filled with plastic explosives to deliver to the museum, which they plan to detonate in the lobby as a distraction as soon as the explosives (or the theft) first gets noticed. T carefully packs the briefcase, and attaches a note saying “with regards, from Hamshallow.” Ivan and Tobias will cooperatively hack from the car a block away, and provide cover and extraction as needed, while K and Rolph go in and grab the piece. I and T upgrade their decks and programs thru Ares connections in preparation. Ivan and T probe the firewall carefully until they find an in, and then let K and Rolph know, as well as sending the courier. K and R go on the meat museum tour, and make their way to the wing with the piece, and wander around the floor it is on, while they wait for the right time. K was forced to stop levitating and ride in a wheelchair at the entrance, which was initially humiliating, but now seems like good cover.

I and T enter thru the firewall, during which I sets off a low level intruder alarm, which T manages to quiet. T finds an administrative node and registers them as authorized users, giving them full system access. They then find the directory node and locate the camera, door, and drone nodes. They go to the drone node, and take a look thru the security drones list, finding the active ones near the piece and starting to shut them down. Ivan has placed his firefly drone outside the museum, where it is watching for the courier’s arrival. When they see this, they get ready, and sure enough, an alarm goes off as he enters the building-it seems the explosives wre detected. T watches from the camera node as two guards approach him in the lobby. A bigger alert triggers, and all the doors in the museum slam shut-lockdown!

T heads to the door node while I watches his back, and begins working on the doors. K gets in a position to see both guards on the floor of the piece, while R takes a look at the case it’s in. T decides it’s time and detonates the suitcase, sending a tremor thru the building, but doing no obvious damage to the exterior as Ivan can see it from the drone. However, the camera in the lobby is out, and people out front are fleeing, so it was obvious that something occurred from outside. K approaches the nearest guard under the guise of asking him what’s happening, and then fries him with a totally unexpected overcast powerbolt. R zips up to the other one on his in-lines and swings for his head (having left his weapons behind so as not to get searched), but misses. The guard tries to blast him, and fails, after which R punches straight thru his head. T and I seem to have run out of luck in the matrix setting off a series of alarms as they try to violate the security protocol and open the doors on the level of the piece.

I hears some IC approaching and readies himself to hold it off, while T keeps working on the doors. R heads back to the piece while the other museum goers scream in terror at his recent decapitation of the guard. K begins preparing for their exit, levitating and quickening himself. I begins fighting the IC (which looks like museum piece armor suits) while R begins cutting thru the case. There are full alarms going off throughout both the meat and matrix museums, and the team is feeling the heat. T finally gets the door as I defeats the first IC. however, more is on the way, and him and T decide to bail, after failing to delete the camera feeds. They both hotdump, hack their datatrails, and shut down their comms as a precaution. They begin driving up the block as R fishes the piece out through the hole he cut, and K whisks them away, after bashing a hole in the exterior glass walkway with his wheelchair. They zip down to the car and jump in, R stashing the piece in his recently acquired armored courier bag. Ivan begins driving evasively away while K flies above, soon making himself invisible. I orders the drone back to the car.

T flips thru news channels on the way to the undercity, and sees that LoneStar eventually showed up, but initial claims from the museum is that an unclaimed terrorist bombing killed a courier (presumed to be the bomber) and four guards. Also, there is a whimsical short piece about a near invisible flying man in the uppercity, as seen from a news chopper. K is horrified that he was spotted. Rolph is convinced that the chopper is following them, and is preparing to shoot it down with some explosive arrows, but T takes him down. T also finds a piece about the mysterious “Hamshallow,” who is now wanted in two separate uppercity crimes. He is thrilled that he is building his fake SIN’s rep as a badass. K reenters the car and they descend, traveling thru a series of blindspots and morphing the car’s appearance to throw surveillance. They plan to meet Thompson later that evening to get paid, and Ivan convinces the other team members to throw in for a new steel lynx, promising that it will save their lives, which K testifies to. Having escaped significant injury, they don’t even need to get Thompson to heal them. K heads to meet him with Ivan driving, but goes up alone. He gets paid, plus an extra couple grand for Thutmose’s inert telesma, and Thompson tells K that he will sponsor him for the first level of initiation into the HOotCL whenever K is ready. K is thrilled and honored, and offers his future services, which Thompson accepts. He seems very excited to finally have the piece in his collection, especially without a huge media/law enforcement fanfare.

Ivan relates the details of the job he has been busy planning with Wade, Yoleus, and Daedelus. Essentially, the team is going to be hired to do a major (and hopefully pretty final) hit on the Black Shadows nerve center: LongPig’s fortress and ops center. Due to Daedelus’ analysis of the hacker captured at Palisade Gardens, they think they’ve found an in: the Turing Army survivors have apparently holed up under BS protection while they wait for reinforcements from earth. However, as they wisely don’t fully trust the BS, they are leaving every few days to confer and strategize at Meatspace, an undercity bar with good wireless security. Daedelus was able to alter the hacker so that he is able to be remotely piloted and controlled-essentially a human biodrone. So the idea is that the team can use him to get in close to the TA members at Meatspace, and allow the team to eventually snatch their cars/uniforms, after which they will gain access to the fortress and scout it out, and eventually assault it. The requirements are: Daedelus needs the remaining TA members eliminated. Wade and Yoleus need as many BS as possible taken out, especially Longpig. And bonus money will be given for getting rid of Halfman, who is apparently still haunting the undercity, after recovering from the Swat assault at the bank heist.

The team decides to gather resources and prepare, this is going to be a big one. Tobias seems very unwilling to go, but they plan to convince him. ivan collects money for the cat after T agrees to help armor it up for cheap, and they put out the word that they are looking for the requisite parts. They decide to research any known weaknesses of Halfman, and decide that so far their best idea is a three pronged matrix/astral/physical assault, which will hopefully eventually penetrate his impressive defenses. Tobias is excited to test his prototype sticky grenades once he hooks back up with UB!, as Tobias is a bit nervous about shooting them off himself, in case they get stuck in the launcher.

New alliances
10/15/2009, 12:59:00 AM
Dramatis Personae
Runners
“K”
Harmony Craig Bottow
Tobias Cheney
Rolf Soren Ramis
Others
Matsunori Kitsuno
Ut-Napishtim
Minkwave
Arlen Thompson

UB! is laying low and sulking after Tobias told him not to come home with unconscious Rolph. Rolph heals up at Doc Todd’s. Tobias and HCB are both wanted for questioning by LoneStar, HCB in relation to the incident at Palisade Gardens, Tobias for the Vedacorp tower incident. Luckily, they were both using fake SINS, so they plan to ignore the summons. Ivan is holed up with Wade, scheming something. K gets a call that there is another meeting of the HOoTCL this coming saturday (it being thursday) and tells the rest of the team his schedule, as he doesn’t want to plan any conflicts of interest. HCB hears back from Matsunori Kitsuno, his contact with the Hikage Iinkai yakuza syndicate. He tries to jest with him, and fails. However, he wisely accepts the proffered job: apparently an HI underboss has been sidedealing with the Striking Crane Clan and needs to get taken out, along with his crew. All 11 of them will be at an uppercity cafe until sundown, and need to get wasted before then. HCB will need 3 or 4 others to go along, the HI will provide two motorcycles (in black and yellow HI colors) that need to be used in the assault. Kitsuno suggests a driver and gunner on each bike, quick in and quick out. He doesn’t tell HCB the pay.

HCB calls up Tobias, Rolph, and K for the job, as UB! and Ivan are unreachable/busy.
Rolph seems leery at first, as the job is not explicitly pro-Ares. K confronts Rolph and Tobias about their seeming lack of full commitment to the team, and tells them to get jobs at Ares if that’s what they care about, cause runners need to be all in. K refuses to ride on one of the bikes, so they get Ut in on it too. He tells them he will be in disguise, as he doesn’t want the Yak to have anything on him. Tobias decides to pay a visit to the cafe, under the ruse of taking PHH out to lunch. It is very obviously a front, which he discovers when he tries to order, and they seem to not have any food. Or drink. The barkeep whips him up a gross soywich in the back, and then stands arms crossed in front of him staring at him start to eat. Tobias declares he is writing a bad review, after which the barkeep tells him he is about to write a bad review on his face. Tobias exits, and meets PHH at a fancy uppercity joint, where they chat. However, Tobias id’d all 11 goons either out front or inside, so the job is a go. He goes to meet the team post lunch at the garage with the bikes. He also buys a skillsoft for groundcraft.

K scouts the place invisibly from overhead, and spots a back allley. They decide he will watch there, in case anyone bolts. The rest of the team arrives at the garage and sees a very average looking caucasian male out front. He surreptiously does a little magic trick, and HCB recognizes him as Ut (in disguise). They hop on the bikes and zip off. Tobias slots the skillsoft, and drives one bike with Rolph on the back, while HCB and Ut take the other. HCB and Ut throw on gasmasks. They head for the cafe, while K astrally scopes it. Unfortunately, someone inside has some decent mojo, and seems to notice him, so he bails back to his meat body, still around front of the building. He also picked up a non-metahuman signature, but didn’t have time to try to id it, but he warns everyone.

The bikes pull up just as some of the goons outside seem to be being alerted to K’s astral presence. A few of them are standing, making good first targets. T and R drive past a little bit, while HCB and Ut pull up a little short. They all hop behind the bikes and open fire. R’s explosive arrows are devastatingly effective, as is T’s new full auto shotgun (the air is full of flechettes). Ut tosses in some smoke and gas grenades for good effect. It’s over in about 6 seconds: the goons are all dead or dying, and although they managed to waste both the bikes, the team is relatively undamaged. Unfortunately, the guys inside are waiting and blast HCB and R pretty good when they enter. Meanwhile, K zips around back, and sees two of the targets jump in a car and start speeding off. He launches a fireball, but misses and obliterates a dumpster.

Hearing that a few of the targets are getting away, T leaps up onto the building with his hydraulic legs, followed by Ut, using old fashioned climbing. They race to the back and jump down, with T in the lead. R and HCB and cleaning up inside, meanwhile. The barkeep gets an awful tip: an arrow in the face. Rough day at work. HCB heads out front to try to carjack somebody so they can scram. Unfortunately everyone in the vicinity seems to be fleeing the gunfire and explosions, so he heads for the intersection that the car is headed towards. K tries to levitate the car and fails, but lifts it up on the hydraulics for a second. T takes a much more effective shot at the tires, shredding the back two, and sending the car spinning out into the street. K tosses an archaic sidewalk newstand in front of an oncoming car, forcing them to swerve and block off the target car’s escape route. A goon exits the car and drops K out of the sky. He hits the ground pretty hard (ko’d, from 30 feet up), and is barely holding onto life, luck having carried him through.

HCB comes running up the street, firing at the goon, while he messages Ivan that he thinks K is dead, and sends the location. Ivan starts racing to the scene. Another yak gets out of the car: the underboss! He rips his shirt open as he runs inhumanly fast towards HCB, revealing an elaborate backpiece. He pummels HCB is close combat, while HCB attempts to shoot him with limited success. T, exiting the alley, comes under fire from the goon by the car, and runs over, jumps on the roof, and ventilates him with the auto shotgun. He then turns his attentions to the underboss, blasting him with flechettes, while fortunately avoiding HCB. Ut races out of the alley and punches thru the back of the underboss’ head, just in time to save HCB from another brutal attack. HCB slaps on a stimpatch to get a much needed boost.

Meanwhile, inside, R has taken out all the goons, and discovered that the non-metahuman signature is in fact a tiger. He decides he must have it, and misses the action outside while he is busy narcojecting it and busting its chain. HCB grabs the car the K caused to swerve, and everybody hops in. Since R can’t lift the tiger on his own, and they can’t convince him to leave it, they pull up the alley, and help him wrestle it into the trunk. HCB slaps a trauma patch on K, to keep him from dying-he looks terrible. They race off, as sirens begin to close in. They get a few blocks before anyone remembers to tell Ivan that they got out of there, and he agrees to meet them somewhere less hot. They find an alley, and move the tiger and K to Ivan’s car. Ut and T get dropped off at a transit station to make their own ways home, everyone else heads to Doc Todd’s to heal up.

R keeps narcojecting the tiger every hour, to keep it under, while HCB and T call around to try to find a buyer. HCB also lets Kitsuno know the job is done, and asks for the payment. He responds with: “a tiger and two motorcycles is not enough?” After staring at the disappointed look on HCB’s face for a few seconds he bursts into laughter and transfers a sizable chunk of nuyen to HCB’s account. He tells HCB that this was his first test, and he did well. HCB calls Madame Gavral to see if she can use the tiger, without wanting to tell her that they have a whole tiger. He asks if she needs any particular tiger parts. She asks which ones, and he says “all the parts that make up a tiger.” She asks if he has a full tiger, then, and he admits he does, but is willing to piece it out. She doesn’t seem interested immediately, but tells him to get back on touch if he can’t find any other buyers. He also tells her that K is going to miss the meet on saturday, due to being almost dead. HCB goes into Doc Todd’s and passes out.

T has more luck. He calls his art dealer (Minkwave), and she says she should be able to scare a buyer up from her wealthier clientele. She calls back a bit later to set up a meet with a possible buyer. T sends R with Ivan to negotiate. As far as they can find out on the matrix, a lot of the pricing is determined by whether or not it is a clone tiger, which they don’t know. The animal expert that the buyer sends is horrified that they have the tiger stuffed in the trunk, and have repeatedly shot it with arrows. He lowers the offered price significantly. T tries to bluff, via R, that they have other buyers. The expert shoots him down, as anyone wealthy enough to be on Minkwave’s client list would have called him to check out the animal. R tries to haggle a bit, and squeezes a few more nuyen out. The expert and his goons load the tiger up in a large trailer, and take off. The team splits the money, after paying T back for his skillsoft purchase (which he promises to share with UB! as necessary). They are all pretty loaded, although their medical bills were not small.

In the hopsital: HCB gets call from Kitsuno, telling him that HI is willing to sponsor him as a combat biker, given his history on the moon, and his good performance today. A few days later: When K wakes up, the first thing he does is call Gavral and Arlen Thompson to apologize for missing the HOotCL meeting, they both are understanding, and Thompson invites him up to his place to talk about some things. K goes (bandaged again as a disguise, with hospital bills to prove it). He is impressed: Thompson’s mansion is located atop an uppercity tower, and has a small lawn and fountain, all of which appear real. The elevator man directs him out onto the lawn, towards the porch where Specter awaits. They chat for a while about K’s injuries and such, and then Thompson tells him that he has a job for him, having heard of his skills and connections from Gavral. He wants a piece from a forthcoming museum show, but the owner won’t sell. He leaves K to fill in the rest, but tells K that he will help him to enter the HOotCL on a fulltime basis if he succeeds.

K agrees, and gets some details. The show is a collection of magical items from Earth that “awoke” at the dawn of the Sixth World, (re)gaining powers thought to be myths and legends. The nature of this particular piece (from the central African jungles) is not known publicly, as the owner hasn’t allowed it be examined extensively. The owner apparently outbid Thompson when the piece was originally up for auction, and Thompson has been wanting it ever since. K decides to look into it, and plan a bit. He has some time, as the show doesn’t start for two days, and then runs for two weeks after that.

Newbie Shadowrun
9/29/2009, 5:16:00 PM
Dramatis Personae
Runners
UltraBoy!
Tobias Cheney
Rolf Soren Ramis
Others
Ivan the Jackle
Daedelus
Halfman
Patrick Henry Hughes

After the team receives payment for the Palisade Gardens hit, Tobias retreats to his uppercity suite, and rests. K and HCB lay low. Rolph gets Ivan to drive him and UB! to Heliopolis to heal up and stay out of sight for a while. Rolph also gets an alphaware internal air tank installed, making good on the Thoth temple’s promise to provide the tech. He blows most of his cash from the job on it, but he thinks it worthwhile, after seeing the effective use of gases on the last run. UB! eventually regains consciousness, and spends most of his nuyen healing up. He spends the rest ordering a suit of full body armor.

Daedelus gets ahold of them and thanks them for the hacker, it says it is still processing/collating him. Ivan also forwards them a message which he thinks is from Halfman (due to the attached graphic of the torso spilling its guts out into the matrix). It includes a picture of Ramose-Hotep and a picture of Asp, and says “2 down. 5 more to go.” UB! tells Rolph and Tobias the terrifying tale of Halfman. A law enforcement bulletin has also gone out, asking for help locating Jeremy Stormalong (HCB’s fake SIN) for questioning in the Palisade Gardens incident. After four days of healing, they get a cab back to the city, and during the ride get a call from Tobias.

A few days ago: Patrick Henry Hughes, having analyzed (and been impressed by) Tobias’ latest combat testing data, decides that it is time to give his old friend some solid work. Tobias receives a call from him, using a fake SIN under the guise of “Mr Johnson.” Tobias plays along, and they are both greatly amused by how clever they are. Essentially, PHH/Johnson wants to hire Tobias plus a few others to run the first half of a corporate extraction-they get the guy out, give him to the other team, and get paid. Easy money, really. PHH tells Tobias about Rolph’s sad backstory, and suggests that Tobias bring him along on the job, as he seems to have some useful skills, and is a diehard Ares loyalist-always good. Tobias agrees, and PHH forwards the data.

The job seems to have been planned by someone other than PHH, as it lacks his jocular tone and seems almost militaristic in nature. Tobias figures it for in house Ares planning, as he doubts that PHH would be running anything on the side without telling him. The job seems straightforward: there is an Asian single A corp, called Vedacorp, that occupies a tower in the uppercity. Ares has decided to forcibly recruit one of their top local researchers. Usually, guys like this are in high security areas, and hugely difficult to get to, but this guy is giving a presentation to some corp bigwigs, and will be on one of the upper floors tomorrow. The plan is to have three team members: one to shoot out the armored window to the conference room and provide covering fire as needed, and the other two to take a small folding-wing glider in, and grab the researcher. These two will then need to make their escape by gaining access to a conference room on the opposite side of the building, blasting the window, and exiting in the glider. The idea is that security will head up to the initial site, and the team will be gone before they know what hit them. Also, the side they are entering from is more heavily surveilled, as the ground floor entrance is on that face of the building. However, the glider only carries two, so the second team member will need to make their own escape route. Rolph tells Tobias this will not be a problem, as he can climb down with his gecko gloves and pads. The three team members decide to establish their own private radio frequency, since they all trust each other over the absent team members, and regularly feel kind of like junior partners in the group. Now they’re in charge!

PHH also passes along 6 experimental EMP grenades to use on the run, in exchange for the test data as usual. He also assures Tobias that either him or UB! will be able to run the glider easily with their skillwires. Tobias does a little matrix research to find the layout/building plans and phone numbers of some nearby buildings (a condo, a lawfirm, and an office tower). UB! dresses as a maintenance worker, and Rolph shifts his ruthenium polymer clothes to look like courier gear. Tobias picks the building he wants to snipe from (the condo), and jumps from roof to roof to get there. He then places a call (spoofing that he is inside the office tower) to the office tower front desk, complaining about the roof, and suggesting that his buddy can come fix it. Needless to say, the front desk doesn’t buy this, and tells him they will send their own repair guy up. UB! and Rolph redirect their cab to the lawfirm, as the front desk of the office tower will probably be kind of suspicious now.

They enter the lawfirm, and head for the freight elevator (which UB! luckily spots, having recently learned the importance of perceiving your environment). The front desk tells Rolph to stop, as he should take the regular elevator (he is carrying the glider, pretending it is a courier package). Rolph stalls while Tobias fakes a call from this building, telling them that he asked the courier service to bring it up on the freight elevator. They head on, and ascend to the roof, first by elevator to the top floor, and then by stairs. Tobias compares the mission plan to his view, and figures which window he needs to shoot. He sets up and calibrates his rifle, taking aim for a bit. UB! plugs into the glider’s skillsoft, opens the wings, reviews the controls, and gets it ready for launch. Rolph straps himself in. UB! links up to T’s vision, and takes aim at the same window with his grenade launcher.

Tobias fires twice, blasting thru the reinforced glass on the second shot, and UB! immediately follows up with an EMP grenade, followed by a Breathtaker gas grenade for good effect. H then secures himself in the glider and shoves off. As they zip down towards the gaping window, Tobias sees that the hole is a bit small, and blows out a chunk to the left and right, which he deems sufficient. UB! takes it in a little low, and him and Rolph scrape the jagged glass, but avoid serious injury. The room is filled with smoke and chaff from the two grenades, and they are having a hard time seeing-it seems like most of the forms around the conference table are gasping for breath, but they don’t initially spot the target. T doesn’t have much of a shot, as he is on a lower roof, so he shoots out a lower window as well, to sow confusion. He decides to take off, and begins jumping away, making an incredible leap down to a much lower nearby roof first. He spoofs a call from the lawfirm to Vedacorp’s front desk, saying he can see terrorists on their roof, hoping to confuse the onsite security further.

Inside, R and UB! search the various corp types around the table, they mostly appear East Asian, and are all wearing decently tailored suits, but nothing super flash. As UB! moves thru the smoke, he encounters a guard by the door, who blasts him with a machine pistol. UB! and R quickly dispatch him, but can hear shouts from the corridor. R finally finds the researcher (who seems to have been mid-presentation) and jabs him with a narcoject arrow. He hauls him over to the glider and fastens him in as UB! exchanges fire with more guards in the hall. R pins one thru the wall with a Dikoted arrow, and UB! sends the others temporarily fleeing with a high-ex grenade. They decide to leave out the window they came in, but can’t alert eh car on the ground to the change in plans, due to the EMP grenade’s ongoing effects. R decides to glue the door shut to but them some time as UB! hauls the glider around to face the window and hooks himself up. He is struggling, as he took some major damage in the firefight.

Rolph finishes gluing the door, and can hear and see the thudding as security begins trying to kick thru. He runs over and gives UB! a big pushoff, and the dashes back to place some foam explosives on the door, before making his own escape. He wires them up, but forgets to connect the last wire to the charge. He then braces against the wall, and sprints to the window, planning to jump across the street and catch himself on the facing condo with his gecko gear. He turns a little as he hears the door break open and hits the detonator, and is quite surprised when it doesn’t go off. He is in fact so surprised, that he trips on the jagged window edge instead of jumping and begins a 57 story fall to the ground-talk about unlucky!

Meanwhile, UB! is relying on the glider’s pilot program to do all the work, and is steering it over towards the pickup car. He gets ahold of the other team, thru Tobias, and tells them to come around and meet him. The cybered-up ork he talks to curses him out for failing to stick to plan, but he sees their car round the corner at the far end of the street shortly after the call. He tries to keep the glider straight while reducing speed and height, with moderate success. Four figures get out of the car and deploy a large firefighter’s trampoline, which they stretch taut in the middle of the street. There is a big X in the middle for UB! to aim for. He hits it with a glancing blow, but hasn’t slowed enough and bounces off onto the street, sustaining minor damage. The researcher appears to have survived, more importantly. The ork, an elf and two humans run up and detach UB! and the researcher, before taking off with the researcher and the glider. UB! asks for a ride, but they tell him he is on his own.

UB! calls a cab and hits the road, but hears Rolph’s terrifying scream as he begins his long descent. He heads back and tries to grab the trampoline, but decides he doesn’t have the strength or time. He leaves in the cab, and begins stripping off his armor; the driver seems a little put off. In the air, R is trying to steer himself in towards the building, while intermittently screaming it terror as the ground rushes up. He manages to guide himself inward, and makes a grab with his gecko gloves. He slides down the window bank, leaving smear marks. He doesn’t manage to stop, but slows himself quite a bit. Unfortunately, there is a cutaway below the ninth floor, and as he makes a final push to halt himself, his gloves come loose (bad luck again!) and he drops. He is able to adjust his trajectory just enough to land in a raised bed on the terraced entranceway, instead of concrete, but that ko’s him pretty convincingly. UB! and R hear the screaming stop, along with a solid thud. UB!, not wanting to leave him behind, orders the cab back around, and starts putting his armor back on. He promises the driver extra after the driver expresses an interest in not getting shot.

The cab pulls up, and UB! races out to R’s body, taking cover and exchanging fire with two corpsec goons. He hauls R into the cab and they take off, with UB! himself barely holding onto consciousness. However, the job was a success, and PHH gets them a little extra hazard pay, due to the unexpectedly high security onsite. T heads back to his pad, and UB! tries to join him, but T tells him not to come there with R. They head to Doc Todd’s in the undercity instead, and heal up there.

A Big Flying Ball of Shadowrunners
9/21/2009, 5:33:00 PM
Dramatis Personae
Runners
“K”
Harmony Craig Bottow
Ivan the Jackle
UltraBoy!
Tobias Cheney
Rolf Soren Ramis
Others
One Shot Wade
Daedelus
April O’Mally
Jaro
Arlen Thompson
Madame Gavral
Ut-Napishtim

Ivan decides to head over to HCB’s after hearing of the torture and its results, but gets a call from Wade on the way, telling him that Wade received a small package for him. Ivan asks to come pick it up, but Wade is in hiding, so he sends Jaro with the package to meet Ivan. Jaro wants to meet at the Slaughtertower, but Ivan wants to avoid that location (as it seems like an attention magnet), so they agree to meet at a nearby convenience store. They meet up, and Jaro delivers the package, assuring Ivan that Wade had it scanned and tested and it doesn’t seem to be a weird trap. She also sends her compliments to UB! on surviving the APDS bursts. Ivan scopes it out, and id’s the wrapping material as died flesh, tied with a small bow of thinly sliced skin. He opens it, and encounters a second skin note. He once again does not tell the rest of the team. He then heads to a Stuffer Shack near the ST to meet HCB, who has dressed and has brought the head in a bag, still wearing the jammer.

Ivan also contacts April, to make good on his promise of exclusive undercity scoops. In exchange for her promises of (his) anonymity, he tells her about the connection between the Turing Army and Olympus Prime. This connection does not actually exist, as far as Ivan knows, but he feels it might be true, and also believes it might hurt the TA’s operations if they are linked to a wanted terrorist organization. April seems thrilled with the story, and gets to work. Ivan is closer to paying off his debt for Yann’s injuries.

UB! scans the body before HCB leaves, and finds some RFID tags spread throughout. HCB heads out as UB! begins digging them out, and then dismembering the corpse. He tries to wash off in a public bathroom sink in HCB’s building, and splashes blood and water all over. He then goes to a corner store and buys trash bags and a mop, but doesn’t have any water in HCB’s shack, so he just ends up smearing the blood around on the floor. He bags up the corpse and then heads out for Tobias’, who has bought him an upgraded fake SIN for traveling to the uppercity. Tobias is working on a sculpture loosely depicting the previous run’s ambush, with plans to sell it to Minkwave. UB! assists in crafting a small flame emitter near the exploding car part of the sculpture. Tobias kicks him a little bit of the profit.

K hears back from Madame Gavral about the next meeting of the Hermetic Order of the Crimson Lands, her magical group. He plans to attend, and then goes to a coffin hotel and crashes. He is still a little weirded out by the torture. Rolph also crashes at a coffin hotel, since K convinced him to flee his Ares den. They have both noticed LS drones making random scans and spotchecks near access points to the uppercity.

Ivan and HCB meet in the Stuffer Shack parking lot, and hop in the car. Ivan tells the car to drive around the undercity while he scouts and hacks the head. He hardwires in so that they can leave the headjammer on. HCB watches him and stays in communication in case he needs to pull the plug. Ivan probes the firewall, and eventually slips thru, although he alerts the system to the intrusion while doing so. However, he is able to sleaze past the system’s scanners and avoid specific detection for now. He searches thru the node index and finds the goon’s call log. He heads over and begins downloading. Unfortunately, he neglected to scan the node for problems first, and comes under attack from some IC. Ivan’s deck (with its new mods, courtesy of Daedelus) lives up to the hype, tho, and he dodges blows left and right while finishing his download. He then flees, after failing to crash the system, which is trying to wipe itself. He jacks out after sleazing away from the IC.

They both notice the head start smoking, the skin blistering, and a terrible smell of burnt circuitry in the car. They rip the jammer off, chuck the head out the window, and then run it over. Ivan analyzes the data, finds a data bomb, and forwards it to Daedelus to try and remove it. Daedelus feeds back the info a short time later: there are some traces of calls relating to the Palisade Gardens, an uppercity high security hotel. It seems like a decent hacker has just recently wiped the goons datatrail/deck tho, so they don’t get much more info.

Ivan relays this info to the team. Tobias and UB! are hanging out in the jacuzzi at Tobias’, and UB! invites Jaro up. She brings two friends, who Tobias won’t allow in. So, UB! joins them in the car, where they drink some of Tobias’ cheaper liqour while cruising the uppercity. UB! has them drop him off at Tobias’, wanting to get some rest pre-run. They take off. Jaro seems nonplussed.

K attends his magic group, but sneaks in invisibly since it is in the uppercity. The other mages don’t seem to mind, and assume it is just the new guy showing off his tricks. They discuss Mars-based magical phenomenon and materials, and scan some new scholarly texts that have been sent up from Earth, as well as some local papers. They apparently have occasional speakers/symposiums, and such. K is totally thrilled to be a part of this, and reveals himself at the end of the meeting, playing off his missing legs and bandage wrapped face as a recent medical problem, prompting the invisibility. He also meets Arlen Thompson, who seems to guide the discussions along with Gavral, although there is not an official hierarchy in the group.

The rest of the team meets (in the meat) or attends via the matrix to start figuring out what’s up with the TA. Daedelus tells Ivan that he will pay the team members a reasonable amount for killing the TA cell if they can find it, plus bonuses for info retrieved about TA’s plans/organization/etc. Daedelus also warns them that it has picked up the presence of a talented hacker that seems to be working with the TA, so the team needs to keep an eye on their data/matrix security. The team checks out the Palisade Gardens, and finds out it is a series of 13 stacked suites, each occupying two floors. The lower floor has a bar, bath, bed, sofas, and a large outdoor wraparound terrace. The upper floor is smaller with two bedrooms. Tobias calls and asks about their onsite security (posing as a possible customer) and finds that they have wireless inhibiting materials in the walls as well as astral barriers to prevent astral intrusions. They also use biometric scanners coded to the renters to only allow authorized parties access to the suites. They have a rooftop restaurant, which is only available to guests.

Ivan and Tobias eventually track the goon’s datatrail to the shuttle he came in on at the spaceport, and note that he arrived 3 days after the bank heist. They follow the trail thru public transit logs to a bus that travelled into the uppercity from the spaceport. One of the stops was the Palisade Gardens, and 7 of the people who arrived on the shuttle disembarked there. They then successfully sneak into the PG system and access the guest log, comparing it to the flight manifest, and determining that the group they are looking for is on the 23rd and 24th floors. UB! really wants to have everyone dress up as gardeners and try to sneak in that way, but is eventually convinced that other methods might be more effective.

HCB calls Daedelus and gets it to put up the money for the room (3000/nite-whoo!), and then calls the PG to see what suites are available. HCB rents the room, and tells them he will check in that evening. The team debates having a party in their room as a distraction, but abandons that plan, and settle on K levitating the Shadowrunner ball down to the appropriate floor. Ivan buys a grapple gun with 900 feet of microwire, as well as gloves for all of the team members except K, as a back-up (with more of Daedelus’ money). They head to the hotel, where HCB gets the biometrics encoded to him (with his fake SIN), and then the concierge takes them up. HCB insists a bellhop carry his small satchel (containing his gun). Everyone else carries their own.

The concierge departs, and the team checks out the suite, assuming it will be about the same as the target area below. Ivan flies his Dragonfly drone down to the target suite to scout it out, and sees 1 guard making the rounds outside on the terrace. The windows are frosted, and the doors are shut. They also bring the elevator back up and time the elevator’s descent rate and figure out when they could set off a shaped charge to try and blow out the door on the 23rd floor, after it leaves their room. HCB holds the door as UB! plants the charge. This will also hopefully prevent reinforcements arriving.

K makes himself invisible, and then descends to within sight of the guard. He suggests to the guard to go inside to urinate, which appears to only be half successful, as the guard begins pissing in a bush. K then reascends and sustains levitate while the team readies for descent. They all equip their gasmasks (not to be confused with their respirators), and unpack/ready their weapons. As UB! and HCB exit the elevator, and it begins its descent, K levitates the group down towards the lower suite. The explosion goes off with no visible effects, except that the pissing guard seems doubly startled when he is shot in the head by HCB. K drops the group down onto the terrace as UB! blows out one of the frosted windows with a high-ex grenade.

Tobias, UB!, Rolph, and HCB surround the opening. K stays levitating invisible off the edge. Ivan heads over and finishes off the outside guard. He has been keeping his drone in an AR window and has it start circling the terrace to watch for threats. Tobias and UB! both launch gas grenades into the room, which will inhibit other team members lacking thermal vision. HCB dashes in to take cover behind a couch (the layout seems the same as their suite), and receives some fire from two goons, one with a machine pistol and one with an auto-shotgun. Luckily the couch absorbs most of it. HCB fails to hit the nearer goon tho. Rolph also misses him with a Dikote arrow (ouch-mind the nuyen). This guard appears to be on a dodging frenzy. However, UB!’s gas grenade goes off and he falls over choking. The other guard (with the shotgun) manages to whip a mask on in time, however, and fires on HCB again, this time doing some serious damage, as the couch is fairly shredded.

Outside, UB! and Ivan are both hit by powerful shots (seemingly silenced) from unknown locations. Ivan is knocked prone and plays dead. UB! remains upright, but is hurting. Tobias dives back into the cover of a nearby bush while all search for where the shots came from. They guess at two sets of bushes about halfway around the terrace in either direction from them. UB! shreds one batch with a series of high-ex grenades while K fireballs the other, igniting it. Ivan begins scanning for hidden nodes, trying to pinpoint who (or what) shot them. HCB retreats outside to avoid further fire. Tobias and Rolph head indoors and Rolph arrow snipes the shotgun guard thru the couch, pinning him to the wall, while Tobias provides suppressing fire. HCB runs in and covers the bedroom door, while R and T head for the bathroom. K has descended a level outside to try and heal up from overcasting some spells, and fails to do so, temporarily losing his levitation in the process and free-falling, inducing a terrible sense of deja-vu. He recovers eventually and manages to heal himself somewhat on the second attempt.

UB! takes another shot outside and is ko’d, near death. Meanwhile, in matrix, Ivan appears to have attracted some unwanted attention and is attacked by a professorial looking icon in medieval armor with a longsword. He sleazes away, and hotdumps to escape, sustaining some damage. He sits up to see a somewhat burnt looking man dressed in full camo with a large sniper rifle, who seems to have just shot UB!. Ivan takes a shot with his roomsweeper, but fails to hit. The sniper responds by ko’ing Ivan, who only survives due to the extreme will to live he acquired on Deimos. K, after casting increased reflexes and invisibility again, reascends just in time to waste the sniper with a second overcast fireball before he can finish off K’s teammates. K once again takes some major drain, but manages to stabilize both of his injured friends.

Meanwhile, inside, Rolph checks the bathroom with his endoscope, but fails to see anything, and then barely dodges out of the way of some autofire which pierces the wall. Tobias responds by targeting the guard inside (who R now sees perched atop the toilet), killing him. HCB opens the bedroom door, and ventilates the room. It seems empty tho. They all head upstairs-R + T crouch at the top of one set of stairs, while HCB takes the other. Tobias blasts open the righthand bedroom door, and launches in a frag with no obvious response. They are guessing two goons remain-hopefully a hacker plus one more. HCB runs over to the righthand room and checks it out, but it looks empty. He dashes back and tries to kick open the lefthand door as R readies a narcoject arrow, but fails. He takes some shots straight thru the door and is heavily injured. T runs up and takes cover near the right door, looking around the corner with his periscope.

HCB busts the first door in to find an empty room, as T sees two figures enter thru a door between the two bedrooms. He opens fire with little effect on the man with better looking armor. They respond by blasting him thru the wall, but he avoids most of the damage. R runs up, thru the lefthand room, and tags the armored man with a narcoject arrow, sending him to the realm of the unconscious. The last guard opens fire on R, whose armor and cyber absorbs much of the damage. T enters the room and wastes the guard with autofire while he has his back turned.

R grabs the armored man (hoping its the hacker) and the head out. K levitates everyone down to the car as quickly as he can, where they make a rapid attempt to heal Ivan so that they can get in. They succeed (barely) and he regains consciousness, orders the drone back down, and gets everyone in the car. They flee, having heard belated alarms from the hotel. They call Daedelus who arranges to have Ut meet them to exchange the goon for payment. They do so, and after a quick scan, Ut declares the goon to be the hacker they wanted. The team gets 5000 nuyen each, and Ivan’s debt to Daedelus is covered. Another successful run! Two in a row, its unprecedented.

The team splits up to heal and recuperate before looking for more work.

Ambush at Slot and the Slaughtertower
9/15/2009, 4:19:00 PM
Dramatis Personae
Runners
“K”
Harmony Craig Bottow
UltraBoy!
Tobias Cheney
Rolf Soren Ramis
Others
Madame Gavral
Daedelus
Jaro

The team arrives back in Mars City and receives a message from the Thoth temple that, due to their gratitude, the team will have access to surgical facilities there, as well as some alphaware level implants. The team then splits up. HCB decides to rent a rooftop abode, and eventually finds a 4th story fire-escape access only rooftop shack + roof space for 1000 a month. He names it The Slaughtertower, and begins calling around to his acquaintances to offer his services as a torturer. He also contacts Remus, and has him hack to send (from multiple false addresses) the latest Crod Stompaz track (“Keb”) to Jerl and Chalt. They soon release it, to great undercity acclaim. HCB also talks Daedelus into upgrading a number of team members Firewall, in exchange for the team agreeing to help Ivan look into TA activities.

UB! buys some explosives and grenades thru Ultraman and passes some along to K. UB! makes some gas grenades, and also some pipe bombs. Needing a place to live, he moves into Tobias’ uppercity suite, and works as a bartender at some cocktail parties. his social graces are lacking, but the novelty of a blue ork serving drinks amuses Tobias’ friends. Tobias also works on UB!’s grenade launcher (using Ares development specs he got from PH Hughes) and upgrades it to semi-auto fire, for a small fee of course. Tobias is glad to have UB! around as a connection to the team.

K, deciding it would be to dangerous to return to his real SIN-affiliated house, crashes at HCB’s for now. He also contacts Madame Gavral, and does some piece-work for her, as well as offering future services. She, in return, invites K to the magical circle she is part of, describing it as a bi-weekly meeting of hermetic types interested in Mars and its many curiosities. He also restocks his medical supplies, realizing the importance of trauma and stim patches. Meanwhile, Rolph has returned to Ares for one of his occasional full immersion treatments in the SLEEP sim. Sylvaine, excited at the new Heliopolis contact, obliges.

The team then hears from Ivan about his hacking exploits, and after Ivan declares his intent to hide out for a while, decide to investigate the tail cars. K flies around invisibly to try to spot any of the cars, and eventually does, but they seem to notice him (possibly with thermals) and he flees. They hire Remus to hack the new undercity police camera system, and try to spot any cars of the specific make and model (they all seem to be police style cars, with no obvious markings). He succeeds, after taking a hefty fee, and tells the team that the cars appear to be frequently staking out team meeting places: Slot, Fat Carl’s, Tamany Clark’s junkyard, Doc Todd’s, and so on. The cars aren’t in the same places every day, but they seem to be at these spots pretty frequently.

HCB calls everyone and invites them to a welcome party at his new place. They all arrive, as well as Jaro and two other PC members who UB! invited. UB! has a crush on Jaro, and hits on her all night, but she doesn’t seem interested. Tobias tries to research undercity styles to decide what to wear, but fails, and just dresses down. He successfully makes conversation with the gangers, tho. They blast the Crod Stompaz all nite. K levitates UB! upside down while pouring two beers into his mouth, coining the “airstand.” Eventually HCB kicks everyone out and goes to sleep.

The next day, the team decides to set up an ambush at Slot in order to kidnap an occupant of one of the cars, take him back to HCB’s, and interrogate. They plan to all approach separately, and have their own escape routes. Tobias borrows a headjammer (from Ares thru PHH) to place on the kidnapee to prevent them transmitting signals. K will fly above the site invisibly with the jammer. HCB will (since he has a new face) enter Slot legitimately, go to the second floor balcony, and use a directional jammer on the car to prevent calls for aid. Tobias will approach on rooftop (using his hydraulic legs to make the jumps), and take out the car’s engine with his gauss rifle. Rolph will approach from a nearby alley, and bow snipe one of the occupants as they flee the car with a narcoject arrow, after which K will zip in, turn the ko’d goon invisible, and whisk him to HCB’s. UB! and HCB will provide fire support (and motivation to leave the car if needed), and some PC members, lead by Jaro, will cover their exit, and delay any backup/cops.

They head over and set up. HCB orders two cabs, to wait on either side so that they have multiple exits. HCB sees a “Free HCB! Crod Stompaz forever!” poster in Slot but manages not to freak out with excitement. Jaro calls and tells the team that the PC members are in place just as the tail car pulls up in the early evening glow (which is of course artificial light from the bottom of the uppercity plates). HCB kicks in the jammer as Tobias puts two gauss rifle shots through the hood from the roof. Having previously downloaded schematics to the car, he takes his time setting up the shots, and totally blows the engine, releasing a gout of smoke and steam from the radiator. He then ducks into cover, and begins making his way to the far side of the roof to flee. Rolf waits and takes aim, as the tinted windows are blocking his shot. UB! decides to deal with the windows (abandoning the plan) and steps out from cover, using his auto-selector to lob first a high-ex grenade and then a gas grenade onto the hood. The high-ex blows through the windshield and blows out the rest of the windows on the car, but the gas grenade goes off target and further blocks Rolph’s shot.

Two occupants of the car flee out the passenger side toward the nearby rowhouse, firing on HCB with machine pistols while they run. They drop him, and seem to be using armor piercing rounds. However, as the gas clears, Rolph is able to get off a shot at the second of the goons as the first one takes the rowhouse door. Threading the arrow between the broken windows, past the shredded driver, Rolph manages to ko the goon, finally proving his worth to the team. K begins his descent, turning the goon invisible and levitating him upwards. The first goon returns fire on Rolph’s position thru the car, doing serious damage, but Rolph manages to remain upright and flee due to the strength of his cyberbody. HCB dives off the balcony and rushes for UB!, shoving him into cover, and taking only limited damage in the fall (largely due to his experience landing as a parachutist). He administers one of the newly purchased trauma patches, stabilizing UB!, and then hauls him towards one of the cabs. Rolph takes the other. The PC crew exchanges fire with the goon in the house, and chuck in a molotov.

HCB has the cabbie drive around for a bit before dropping them near the Slaughtertower, where he hauls UB! up the fire escape. Tobias alters his outfit to street clothes and packs his gun, taking public transit to the uppercity. Rolph heads home, to his Ares memorabilia packed apartment. K flies away from the scene for a bit before remembering to place the jammer on the goon. He sees two tail cars approaching his location as he does so, but he escapes before the notice him, and they seem not to have the signal anymore. Cops and LS cars are also converging on the site of the gunfight, and the PC members flee. K arrives at the Slaughtertower with the goon, and drops him off. HCB and UB!, realizing they are lacking some requisite materials, call the rest of the team, and send K over to Rolph’s to get his mil-wave scanner.

HCB strips the goon and ties him to a chair, leaving the headjammer in place. HCB also strips, and stands there holding his claymore. UB! takes off his shirt as well, wanting to fit in, although HCB tells him just to stand in the corner and look tough. HCB lights some candle around the room. They wake the goon and begin questioning him. HCB explains the system: he will ask a series of questions. If he feels he is being lied to, he will roll a cigarette and place it on a table near him. On the second lie, he will place a match on the table next to the cigarette. On the third lie, he will smoke the cigarette. When he is finished, he will cut off one of the goon’s digits. The goon seems disbelieving at first, and HCB starts off easy, asking him where he is from. The goon refuses to say, and curses them out soundly, so HCB calls UB! over to cut off a finger, realizing that the claymore is a bit large for the task. UB! decides to take two fingers and the goon screams, spattering blood around the room. HCB heats the claymore and cauterizes the wounds.

HCB begins questioning again, and gets that the man is from Seattle. He then asks about the man’s childhood, eliciting more bravado. He has UB! cut off another finger, this time with a heated blade. Things continue in this vein for awhile, until HCB notices him grinding his teeth and whispering something, and ko’s him with the butt of the claymore. Meanwhile, K has gone to Rolph’s and discovered his paraphenalia filled den, including a huge light up Ares Predator sign in the window. He gets the scanner, but insists that Rolph move out, taking only what he can carry, and crash in a motel for now, if he wants to stick with the team. Rolph obliges, although he panics over what to take: corporate bobbleheads? trid posters? product mock-ups? K heads out after making sure Rolph is making progress, and returns with the scanner.

The three of them scan the man, finding a micro transmitter in one of his teeth, so they remove a few teeth and smash them. They also find standard headware (implanted comm and such). K stays invisible and floats in the corner. He heals the man back to consciousness. He is spitting blood as he wakes up. Using his spellcraft, K is able to make the man more likely to believe HCB, and they manage to determine that he is indeed a member of the Turing Army, which he joined after his brother died in the Seattle Renraku arcology disaster. K continues healing the man as HCB and UB! continue the torture, but he can sense his lifeforce ebbing with each revival. He feels ethically queasy, since HCB seems to occasionally violate his own rules (i.e. 3 strikes). But they manage to get more info: the TA came to Mars to track an escaped AI named “Mother”, who now goes by Daedelus, and to capture or kill it. They also are attempting capture/kill any of the AI’s allies, such as the team members. The goon recognizes UB!, but not HCB, and tries to encourage them to abandon Daedelus (as it is an abomination) but fails.

HCB and UB! accidentally almost kill him, and when K brings him back again, he is obviously near total soul death. They get a last bit of info, which is that the TA was hired by Renraku, whose local branch is now under new, anti-AI leadership. They arrived shortly after the bank heist. They operate in decentralized cells, to avoid detection, capture, and infiltration. Although the team promises to let the man live if he tells them all he knows, he says that he is a dead man anyway, and will say no more. He tells them they are in a world of shit. Then HCB decapitates him with the claymore, bathes in the blood spurting from his neck, and then is immediately disgusted with himself. The team did not find out the man’s cell’s location, but have some ideas as to where to begin looking.

HCB relates all of this info to the rest of the team, and Ivan tells him to old onto the goon’s head, for investigation purposes. Daedelus requests that the team investigate further, and they agree. HCB is somewhat disturbed by the way that the excursion into torture went, and realizes that he killed the man out of pity. He doesn’t quite know how to feel. The team plans to meet up later and plan their next move.

HCB having mental issues over torture someone is hacking yann’s datatrail

A Visit to Heliopolis Pt 2
9/8/2009, 4:04:00 PM
Dramatis Personae
Runners
“K”
Harmony Craig Bottow
Ivan the Jackle
UltraBoy!
Tobias Cheney
Rolf Soren Ramis
Others
Sylvain Georges
Thutmose
Kal-El
Kano
Ut-Napishtim
Daedelus

Earlier today, in Mars City:

Rolf is called in for a meeting with Sylvain, who supplies him with his latest batch of DiKoted arrows, as well as a new job to do, for the benefit of Ares, of course. Sylvain wants Rolf to head out to the sticks, Heliopolis specifically. A friend of Sylvain’s in the corp is working on setting up a deal there, and needs some info on the local terrain, political, religious, and otherwise. Essentially, they need a source on the inside to help Ares get an appropriately good deal. Sylvain tells Rolf to try out Thutmose, at the Hathor temple, first, as he is apparently a major player. If he doesn’t bite, the next best bet is Kal-El at the Thoth temple, whose values seem a little more aligned. Obviously, Rolf will bot be operating in an official Ares capacity, but he’s thrilled to be fighting the good fight again. He heads out the back way, as usual.

After taking cheap (and lengthy) public transit to Heliopolis, Rolf gets directions to the Hathor temple and arranges to meet with Thutmose. He talks about the quality of Ares handguns with Kano at the Red Delta. Rolf’s bodysuit is scrolling Ares ads and promos, and he stands out like a sore thumb amidst the dust and drab of Heliopolis, as well as the grandeur and solemnity of the temple. He ascends to Thutmose’s office, and makes a pitch. Thutmose doesn’t seem interested, especially given that Rolf just walked in waving an Ares banner (essentially), so how would it look for Thutmose to team up with Ares on a deal now? He mocks Rolf’s lack of the subtle approach, and says if this is the beat Ares can send, he is not impressed. Rolf is careful to mention that he is not officially representing Ares, but Thutmose waves off the distinction and ushers him out.

Rolf gets directions to the Thoth temples, and heads over, but gets a bit turned about on the way, and ends up approaching up an alley. Once near the prayer entrance, he hears a thin alarm coming from inside, and sees the large stone door begin to grind shut. He slips inside, as it slams closed behind him. Hearing gunfire from a room down the hall, he sneaks that way, entering the lobby to find a ko’d guard behind a desk. He pauses, and listens….

Meanwhile:

The team, having finished off the guards, checks out the hall and nearby rooms. K watches the staircases in the hall at the far end from where they entered. Ivan thinks he hears something in the lobby, and tells the rest of the team over wireless. Tobias also notices a quiet swishing sound, but doesn’t receive the wireless confirmation, as the team doesn’t trust him enough yet to share their signal with him. Tobias covers the lobby from the doorway, while HCB dashes across to try to see what he sees, or draw fire to reveal the sound’s origin. He doesn’t get anything. Ut takes up a position on the other side of the door from Tobias, and scans the room with his periscope.

Meanwhile, Rolf, seeing movement, has used his gecko tape gear to scale the wall and perch atop the info kiosk in the corner, where he is blending in with the wall and taking aim with his composite bow, with a narcoject arrow knocked.

HCB decides to move into the room and see what’s going on, and does so. He is convinced that he saw the ko’d guard move out of the corner of his eye, but Tobias and Ut are eventually able to convince him otherwise. Ut then spots the bow (which is not camo-ed) in the corner, and directs the team’s attention there. HCB opens fire on the shadowy shape there, failing to connect and hitting the kiosk instead. Rolf returns fire with the naroject, piercing HCB’s armor and ko-ing him with the drug. UB! decides to blow through the wall of the break room to get around back, and lobs in a high-ex grenade. Ivan backs him up, while K continues watching the stairways and back hall door. Rolf, once noticed, switches back to his Ares ad mode, and has another arrow knocked and ready.

After verifying that the explosions from UB!’s position are intentional, Tobias and Ut shout at Rolf to come down and surrender before they open fire. Ut makes a mad dash for HCB, and rolls him into cover behind the desk. Rolf descends and lowers his bow, but keeps it at the ready. Tobias comes out with his gun still up, aiming at Rolf’s head. Rolf thinks he recognizes Tobias from somewhere, and figures he has seen him around Ares at some point, although he is pretty sure he doesn’t work there. they strike up a conversation, which Ivan finds highly suspicious (as this stranger just shot HCB), but Tobias keeps his gun up. Ut attempts to revive HCB, and fails.

Tobias, after finding out that this is a fellow Ares hanger-on, still orders him to drop his weapon, and suggests to the rest of the team that they should just ko him. Rolf, taking offense, whips his bow up, in response to which Tobias blasts him in the face with a narrow burst. Rolf seems to avoid some of the damage, due to his quality Ares armor and his fancy footwork, and responds by loosing his arrow at Tobias. Fortunately for Tobias, Ut was prepared, and dives in front of him, snatching the arrow and stabbing Rolf in the side with it, under his raised arm. Finding a weak point in the armor, he pushes the arrow home, releasing the narcoject into Rolf’s system. He sits down heavily, barely holding onto consciousness, and mutters that all he wanted was to talk to Kal-El.

With some help, Ut finally revives HCB, who wakes up and asks who shot him. When Tobias points out Rolph, HCB shoots him in the chest, ko-ing him. The team then discusses what to do. Meanwhile, UB! and Ivan have blown thru the wall into the prayer room, and admire the hieroglyph friezes briefly before coming to the lobby. Eventually, Ivan and Tobias hear a tinny voice from somewhere back in the temple shouting about wishing to negotiate. Ut puts some shock-cuffs on Rolf, and HCB and UT haul him to the back with the rest of the team. K stays invisible and levitating.

They see a small vid-screen revealed behind a fake section of wall next to one of the staircases. There is another priest-robed man looking out at them from it. Tobias begins speaking to him, while the rest of the team figures out how they might convince Thutmose that they found proof of OP involvement, to get the bonus pay. The priest tells them that Kal-El has authorized him to offer them an increase on whatever they are being paid in order to reveal who is causing the attack, and lay off. The priest also reveals that they have sealed off the lower level and are preparing to fill it with gas if the team doesn’t cooperate. Tobias doesn’t seem impressed (he has internal air tanks) but the rest of the team puts on gas masks where available. UB! tries to blow open the stone side door, but it seems difficult. Tobias refuses to reveal their employer, but the priest correctly guesses Thutmose, and says they didn’t expect him to move so soon. Tobias says that Thutmose’s grievance is their involvement with OP, which the priest vociferously denies, as Thoth is known as a pro-technology temple and faction. Tobias asks for data to prove it, which the priest provides. It seems legit, and implies that Thutmose has been funding OP as a kind of bogeyman in order to consolidate power his power by saving the town from them. the team feels betrayed, and Ivan and HCB especially want to go after Thutmose, as they loath OP.

They begin discussing terms. The priest says they have a cloned head of Kal-El to give to Thutmose as proof of the mission’s completion, and that Kal-El wishes Thutmose to be killed instead, although the rest of the Hathor temple can remain as is. Thutmose and Kal-El apparently used to work together, but have parted ways. tobias asks how much they will pay, and the priest asks how much Thutmose was paying. Tobias says 30,000 at the same time that UB! gives the correct figure of 20,000. The priest offers 25,000, which the team accepts (they’ve already gotten 5,000 from Thutmose, and hope to get the other 5-15,000 before killing him). The priest rolls the head down the stairs, and UB! packs it with plastique that he took off of Rolf. They awaken Rolf, and he explains what he was doing there. They don’t entirely trust him, but K can sense that he’s not overtly hostile, and Rolf makes the good point that HCB fired first. He also admires UB!’s Ares Antioch. They decide to let him help, as the priest promises he will allow a meeting with Kal-El if the mission succeeds.

They plan to present the head, plus a bag of severed hands from the guards they killed, to Thutmose, get the money, leave the office, and then detonate the head from the hallway, taking out any guards they need to to escape. They set off some smoke grenades and start some fires before exiting the temple, to make it look appropriately damaged to anyone Thutmose has watching. They head out. Ut stays behind to make sure the Thoth priests don’t try to sneak off without paying. The team heads to the temple, K staying invisible, and managing not to get noticed by anymore crocodile headed guards on the way. K tries to astrally scout the upper levels of the temple, but there is a mana barrier in place. They enter thru the bar, and order some drinks, while calling up to Thutmose and asking to ascend. Tobias bluffs that they have proof of OP involvement. Thut sends a guard, and Tobias, HCB, and UB! go up with the head and hands, while Rolf, K, and Ivan remain in the bar. After they head up, Kano winks at K (invisible) with his cybereye, and surreptiously gestures him down. Ivan notices, but plays it cool. K descends behind the bar, and Kano (seemingly wary of surveillance, cleans glasses while whispering that K might want to go up too, as Thutmose is a powerful wizard, and is likely planning a double cross. Kano seems to be Kal-El’s inside man.

K heads out of th bar for the elevator, and calls it back down, without alerting the guard down the hall, who seems to be keeping an eye of the prostitution rooms, looking out for bad johns. He waits. Meanwhile, upstairs, the team emerges into the hallway leading to Thutmose’s office, and see 2 guards in the hall, as before. The guard who brought them up also remains, as the elevator heads back down. They enter the office, where Thut waits with a 4th guard. All the guards are wearing ceremonial armor similar to R-H’s, but none are his size, or quite as impressive. They present the head to Thut, who examines it and whispers something about his “old friend.”, and set sit back on the desk. They discuss payment, and since they don’t actually have proof of OP involvement, the team settles for the additional 5,000, and exits the office. UB! is raring to go, but decides to hold off until they are a bit down the hall. The elevator (now containing K) reascends, at which the guards get suspicious and tell the team to stand back. One guard waits to the side of the door. Just as the elevator arrives, UB! triggers the bomb. It goes off in a huge explosion, sending the office door tearing thru the hall into the now open elevator. K is a bit surprised. The team members in the bar hear a muffled blast, and deduce that it is going down. After some discussion, they decide to head for the elevator as well.

Upstairs, after the shock of the blast wears off, a bloody and tattered guard emerges from the smoking wreckage of the office, and croaks “kill them!” before collapsing. The other guards attempt to make good on this final request. They are all using halberds, and go for a brute force attack. Tobias and HCB fire on the guards nearest them, while UB! whips out his cyberhand blade and closes in on the 3rd. K floats invisibly over one of the guards (whom HCB shot) and sends a ko spell thru his hand into the guards body. He collapses. HCB takes some serious halberd damage from the second guard, and is blasted into unconsciousness by a bolt of lightning that emerges from the office. He summons up all his strength and dives into the elevator as he collapses. The guards are now brawling with Tobias and UB! separately, and seem to have the advantage. K tries to lend a hand, but finds himself distracted by an astral attack. He enters astral space to respond, and finds a powerful looking Ibis-headed form in glowing armor attacking him with a staff. He defends as best he can, but takes serious damage, and fails to attack successfully himself.

Tobias, feeling the need to turn the tide, wall jumps (using his cyber-legs) right up over the guard in front of him, trying to get to the farside of the guard UB! is fighting. He underjumps a little, and all 3 crash to the ground. Meanwhile, downstairs, Rolf gets a booster injection from Kano, to shake off his stunned feeling. Then, Ivan and Rolf scan the hall, and see the one guard. Rolf takes a shot, but feels compelled to do a trick shot instead of a killing blow, and splits one of the ears of the jackal headed helmet. Ivan, unimpressed and more distrustful, leans out and puts two shots from the Roomsweeper into the guard’s head, ending his life. They head for the elevator, and press the button. It descends again, now carrying HCB. Upstairs, UB! gets up first, and swipes with his blade, but fails to connect. Th guard ko’s him with a halberd blow, but is so distracted that Tobias is then easily able to dispatch him with a narrow burst to the back. K, sensing that his astral combat is lacking, decides to hugely overcast a fireball, and does so, suffering serious internal damage in the process. But, it pays off-the spell seems to blast right thru the other form’s armor, melting it’s astral flesh and sending it’s form floating away, dissipating as it fades from view.

The only remaining guard ko’s Tobias with a halberd blow from behind, and then turns on K, who is collapsed on the ground (and visible) after the draining effects of that final spell. The ascending elevator reaches the top, with both Ivan and Rolf readying their weapons. The door slides open, and Ivan sees the halberd swinging right for him, and quickly fires straight into the guards revealed face (he lost his jackal mask in the tussle). The back of his head blows out, and the halberd slices into the side of the elevator door, hanging there as the guard’s corpse drops. They set about reviving the team members as best they can, and call on the Thoth temple for aid, as Rolf heads back downstairs to try to get more drugs from Kano. Thoth priests eventually arrive, thankfully, as the team has managed to stabilize, but not heal most members. Ivan negotiates for a 2000 nuyen reduction in pay to heal everyone up fully (using a combo of tech and magic). Kal-El asks wirelessly for visual on Thut’s corpse, and Ivan enters the office and films his comatose and slightly smoking form. Kal-El tells Ivan to leave Thut alive, as this will be a more fitting form for him. Ivan notices that the office was completely shredded in the explosion except for a perfect sphere of undamaged space centered on Thut. Ivan pokes around, and finds an ankh necklace on the body, plus some scraps of paper (how archaic!) that look like bills related to the OP. The team gets paid, and Rolf gets his meeting with Kal-El, who seems possibly interested in Ares’ offer, which he passes along to Sylvain.

The team then scrambles out of Heliopolis, ready to get back to the city. Ivan is especially thrilled to get back in his car, although the thought of the bomb recently removed from under his seat still gives him pause. He decides to investigate further once they get back. HCB goes looking for a rooftop watertower (or equivalent) he can rent out somewhere in the undercity as a new hideout, and gets one on a month to month lease. Ut departs, to make for his own hidy-hole. Ivan drops everyone off, and then calls Daedelus, looking for info on the Turing Army. Daedelus provides what little info he has, and says he would be interested in retaining the team’s services to discover more. They arrange for Daedelus to give Ivan an advance in the form of some necessary programs to get Ivan started as a hacker, and Ivan’s spends the time while Daedelus pulls these together driving his cab, to make a little bonus money. He puts in an order with Ango for two small drones, and Ango gets him a good deal, although it costs the last of his money. He also spends some time upgrading his deck, and catching up on the latest hacking advances and techniques.

He gets back in touch with Daedelus, and gains access to a datastore from which he downloads the programs. They also discuss the mystery of his car bomb, and Ivan decides that he will investigate that first. Daedelus reminds Ivan that he is owed a favor now, and Ivan assures him that he will repay him. He heads out to the area of the garage where he had stored the car to do some meat recon before he goes in matrix. He sends one of his new mirco-drones to scout the garage, and finds the security camera inside has been destroyed. He hacks the node, and finds vid of a non-descript masked person entering the garage and blasting the camera. So that doesn’t get him much. Scanning the surrounding area, he sees a small cornerstore to one side of the alley which the garage is off of. He walks inside and scans for nodes. Finding the camera, he marks it for later. He then sets his car to auto-drive around the city while he hacks. He sets the skin to look like a cheaper version of his car, with a cheap trid screen on the side scrolling ads.

He breaks thru into the camera after some initial trouble, and finds some vid of one of the mysterious cars (which had been seen seemingly surveilling the team after the bank heist) parked out front of the store. Eventually, two persons leave the car, and head towards the alley entrance (which the camera doesn’t pick up) carrying a package. A short time after, they return without it. This is all the useful info he can get, as it seems the store recycles their camera storage space every few weeks, and this is right at the outside edge. He passes this info on to th rest of the team, and then decides to hide out for a while, working on his hacking technique, and try to get ahold of Wade, to see what’s up on the gang front.

Team now has an in with Thoth temple, for serious bio/cyber stuff

Return to Mars and a Visit to Heliopolis
9/1/2009, 5:32:00 PM
Dramatis Personae
Runners
“K”
Harmony Craig Bottow
Ivan the Jackle
UltraBoy!
Tobias Cheney
Others
Daedelus
Ut-Napishtim
Tamany Clark
Matsunori Kitsuno
Madame Gavral
Mr Johnson
Thutmose

After the team exchanges Shortchange for the promised nuyen, they head to Doc Todd’s country clinic to heal up. HCB gets his half busted ‘ware repaired, which the team counts as an overall expense before divying up the loot. HCB also gets extensive (and expensive) facial reconstruction surgery and a new fake SIN in order to avoid recapture, as well as replacing all the gear he lost upon arrest, as well as purchasing a claymore. He also enhances his sense of smell with pheromone detectors, so he can record the smell of someone’s fear. He also finds out that Crod Stompaz have gained a big following due to his very public capture, but he realizes he may never be able to return to the band, since presumably LoneStar is looking for him. He receives a message from Matsunori Kitsuno, who tells him that he has heard good things about HCB from their mutual friend Ken Ichiro, and that he will be in touch. HCB is convinced that he is now in good with the Yakuza in Mars City as well, and is thrilled. Daedelus sends Ut a message that it wants the Turing Army investigated, and is thrilled to have him back from prison so quickly. Ut recovers his gear and scraps the SIN he was using when captured. K spends a long time in a simstim healing tank while his mind is meeting astrally and in matrix with Madame Gavral in order to create a level 2 sustaining focus, in order to allow himself to permanently levitate, and once and for all abandon false legs. He gets fake teeth, including one poison gas filled tooth, one storage capsule tooth, and two sets of permanent implant replacements (4 upper and 2 lower). The 4 uppers are the physical aspect of his focus. He decides to wrap his face in bandages and travel invisibly when possible to avoid detection for his part in the bank job, he also invests in a fake SIN.

Ivan gets ahold of Tamany Clark and starts spending his cash. He pays off his debt, get the oil slick sprayer he has had on order, and drops a bunch on ruthimer polymer cam coating for his car. It’s looking doable, but Tamany says it will take a bit, so Ivan drives the car there while his meat body heals in the clinic. He also orders a pair of latex disguise masks and a new fake SIN. Ivan gets a message from Wade that it seems like Tendo (the snitch) is actually dead. Wade and Yoleus are also working on setting up what they hope to be a major blow on the Black Shadows, but they are waiting for the post bank heist heat to die down in the undercity first. Ivan also hears from April that someone has been hacking Yann’s datatrail and scouring th matrix for info about their hotsim run uploads (which have obviously ceased during April’s absence from the team). Ivan’s a little freaked. The team also meets up with Ultraboy! at the clinic, who fills them in on what’s been going on in the undercity.

Essentially, the post-bank heist crackdown has been severe. Lots of LS cars on the prowl, as well as city cops. There are new cameras and censors up all over the place. There has also been a spate of terrorist bombings against various offices and manufacturies involved in terraforming Mars, which some in the news (including April, who has been getting some major screen time) have speculated to be the work of Olympus Prime. UB! got attacked by some LS cops, and managed to escape, but has left the city for a while to lay low and recuperate. He dies his skin blue and tones down his style (loses the mirrorshades and leather, puts on sweatpants, combs over his mohawk). He is thrilled to be back in the team’s company, especially Ivan. News from the moon is almost non-existent, LS is saying there was an outbreak of fatal food poisoning that some prisoners used as an excuse to start a riot, which was quickly put down by the capable LS facility staff. BS, in other words.

After the team finishes healing (and their free medical runs out) Ivan gives Tamany a call to see if is car is ready. Tamany tells him it is almost done, but he should really come check it out first. Ivan is wary of a trap, but agrees, telling Tamany they will be there in 5 hours, but planning to arrive much sooner. Tamany also tells him that he has a line on a rocket pack idea for HCB. They call a cab. An autocab arrives, and they pile in. K flies invisibly above, scouting the surrounding territory. He spots two hovercraft all of a sudden, closing rapidly on the cab from the low hills to either side of the road. The team in the car can’t see them yet, but Ivan decides to hack the autocab and hopefully coax some more juice out of it. He succeeds in gaining control without shutting it down, but can’t get much more speed. The hovercrafts appear, they seem to be light armored scout craft, and HCB fires ineffectively with his new machine pistol. UB! opens up with his grenade launcher, winging one, and slowing it significantly. Ut blazes the other one with Ex-ex rounds from his submachine gun, sending it crashing to the ground in flames. The first hovercar returns fire with some sort of (comparatively) small railgun, and blows a huge hole straight thru the cab, trashing the engine block. HCB catches some shrapnel, but everyone else avoids injury, especially Ut, who uses his skills as an escape artist to safely dive out the window. HCB attempts to follow suit, but his luck fails him and he times his jump wrong and ends up in the recently blasted open trunk.

Ivan manages to pull off a controlled slide with the careening car, and brings UB! around to fire again. He does so, demolishing the remaining hovercraft. The team gets out of the cab and investigates the wreck, finding a logo they take to be the Turing Army’s. The craft and guns are totally trashed, though. Ivan and HCB get a call from Mr Johnson, who tells them that he has been observing the clinic discreetly, and manged to block the hovercrafts attempts at communication to an outside source, so hopefully no-one knows yet about their discovery of the team and ensuing destruction. He sends them a military/megacorp grade satellite video of the previous minutes chase and attack, and Ivan and K go look around to figure out where they came from, and find some camo tarp covers up on poles back a little ways to either side of the road. They take the tarps, and head back. The team decides that the TA likely was just watching their usual haunts, and didn’t specifically know they were leaving right now, so they figure they are safe for a minute. Ivan calls Tamany and asks him to send a few cars with some muscle to pick them up and get them into the city. The team hides under the tarp and keeps a lookout until the towtrucks arrive, and then head back to Mars City.

They are happy to return, but there is a noticeably increased police presence, and a lot of physical and geotag graffiti, much of it bearing an “OP” logo that the team recognizes as Olympus Prime. HCB puts the Crod Stompaz on and has a conversation with one driver about how awesome they are. He manages not to reveal his true identity, although the guard is lauding praise on him. They reach the junkyard, and see Tamany waiting with an unfamiliar uppercity looking type. They hop out, and Tamany asks who the fuck they are and what they are doing in his yard. Ivan (who is wearing one of his disguise faces) says they are there to pick up Ivan’s car, to which Tamany responds that he doesn’t know any fucking Ivan. Ivan makes a cryptic mechanic related in-joke, and convinces Tamany to go take with him in private. Tamany signals one of the towtruck goons to come along.

Once in private, Ivan reveals his true face, and tells Tamany that the dwarf outside is HCB. He fills him in, and they exchange some pleasantries, and then Tamany takes him to his car, which looks great. Except that there is huge shaped charge hidden under the drive seat, which Tamany explains was set to trigger when anybody went hot and rigged the car. Ivan is a little spooked, and decides to try to track down surveillance tapes of the garage and neighborhood where he left the car. They can’t find any id’ing marks, and it looks like it was a fairly recent addition, so they decide just to take it out, which they do. UB! enters and tries to help, but just gets in the way and gets yelled at. Ivan tells him that he likes, but will kill him if he blows up the car. UB! retreats and sits on his hands.

Meanwhile, outside, HCB has introduced himself to Tobias Cheney, the fancy looking dude. It turns out he is also interested in rocket based movement enhancement, and has been working with Tamany developing some ideas. They think they can maybe modify rocket boosters from automotive use to personal use. Tobias also makes sculpture using scrap material that he buys from Tamany in bulk. He is also a wine snob, but HCB manages to impress him by using his enhanced senses of smell to compare the wine Tobias has with him with an internet database, correctly identifying its year and vintage. They chat about illegal deeds, and UB! prompts HCB to show off his Yakuza tattoo, which he does. Tobias appears to have enormous legs, and is carrying a duffel bag. Eventually, everyone heads inside to check out the newly tooled up car. It looks awesome. Tobias manages to use his photographic memory and hacking skills to identify some of the illegal mods to it, breaking the ice (pun not intended) a bit. Ivan declares that he is taking Ramose-Hotep’s ceremonial armor back to Heliopolis, and that anyone who wants to can tag along. UB!, K, Ut, and HCB all decide it might be good to leave the city for a bit longer and agree. Tobias invites himself along, although he is acting kind of like a narc. Ivan asks him if he knows how to shoot, and he opens his duffel bag to reveal a machine gun/grenade launcher/sniper rifle combo. Ivan tells him to sit in front and man the machine gun if needed, and tells HCB to sit behind him and shoot him in the head if he acts up. He is not very subtle about this.

They head out. Ivan has been drinking steadily from a flask since the return to Mars, having had some problems with the shakes on the moon after his supply ran out. K is craving more beetlegum, which is the part of Heliopolis he is most excited about. UB! gives him a piece he has been saving (after Asp told him not to take drugs). K once again flies invisible above the car, although Tobias eventually notices him when he swoops down for the gum. HCB tries to tell him it was a bird, but he knows otherwise. They reach the gates of Heliopolis, and K notices one of the crocodile headed guards looking straight at him. He communicates astrally and signals his non-violent intent, but the guard insists he come down and remain visible while in Heliopolis. He does so. They park near the entrance, and head down the narrow steep-sided alleys to the looming Hathor temple, where they enter the bar and try to give Kano RH’s armor. He suggests they talk to Thutmose instead, but seems saddened. They also buy some beetlegum and cram.

A temple guard in ceremonial armor leads them to Thutmose’s office, where they give him the armor and present an awkward and halting version of his death. Thutmose says that they had sensed his soul’s successful ascendance, and that he is glad the armor is returned. Ivan tries to offer condolences, and Thutmose rejects him as undercity scum. They ask for a reward, and Thutmose says there is not one, but that he will pay them to do a job he had expected RH to take care of upon his eventual return. He wants the nearby temple of Thoth investigated for any sign of heresy, specifically of involvement with the ghoulification of Heliopolis residents and funding of or involvement in the Olympus Prime movement. If any sign is found, he wants the whole temple cleansed with a blood sacrifice. He will give them 20,000 nuyen + 2 days medical for this, or 10,000 just for the investigation. They discuss over wireless tranceivers, while Tobias (unaware of the hidden conversation) attempts to negotiate. The team eventually agrees, after which Thutmose plays back a snippet of their wireless convo and encourages them not to betray them as he will be watching. He also tells them that if they are caught in the act, he will of course deny all knowledge. The team heads out for the Thoth temple.

Ut and Tobias enter while the rest linger outside. Ut makes an enthralling show of looking around at all the art and masonry, while Tobias asks for info about the temple and area. He has shifted his clothes’ appearance to look more like the locals. The guy at the front desk directs him towards a nearby data terminal. He jacks in, and starts trying to hack into the system. He eventually gets security access, but fails to find any particularly useful info. He tries to shut down the cameras and fails, setting off a series of alarms. He panics at the appearance of some IC and jacks out, suffering dumpshock. Ut jumps over the desk and quickly ko’s the guy there, who was going for his walky-talky. The rest of the team runs in as the door begins sliding shut. Ut tries to take out one camera with a thrown knife, but misses, and shoots it instead. An alarm goes off in the building. They check the desk, and finds buttons for the doors on either side of the room, opening them. They decide to take the left hand path, after K checks out the near area and calls the all clear.

The head down the passageway, and UB! blows open the first door. Three people inside seem temporarily shocked by the explosion, and UB! tells them to get down. They begin to, but as he approaches, one slashes at him with a knife. He responds with his arm blade, doing some serious hurt. HCB fires into the room, and nearly kills one of the others. K levitates him out and HCB tries to force him to reveal his allegiance to OP, but he just seems confused. HCB cuts off his arm with his new claymore, causing him to go into shock and die. Ut shoots out the lights in the hall to give the team cover. UB! and Ivan finish off the first attacking temple employee, and K levitates the other one into the ceiling while HCB tries to force him to reveal his allegiances. He refuses, and HCB shoots him in the face.

The team members in the hall hear a noise from the end of the hall and turn to see a priest and two ceremonial guards with halberds enter through the door there. The priest shouts something about “why are you desecrating my temple?” before they drop him with burstfire. The guards, enraged, charged, and inflict some serious damage on Tobias (whom K levitates out of the way while he continues shooting) before being killed themselves. The team now has a closed door on the right side of the hall, past the first they entered, and an open door at the end. But they are starting to wonder whether OP is really here at all. On the other hand, they get paid twice as much if they are, so they kind of have to be, right? Also, Ivan feels he is wasting his time doing this kind of piddling job now that he pulled off this huge moon mission. The rest of the team doesn’t entirely disagree.

Bomb in Ivan’s car was TA, he finds video from nearby garage which reveals mysterious tailcars watching the site

Thutmose is using team for his own purposes-Thoth temple is involved with OP, but so is Hathor temple, it is mostly a political squabble between Thutmose and Kar-El, the Thoth temple head. Also, Thoth temple has evidence of cybermancy, and has possibly worked on Halfman, if they can find the evidence

who is hacking yann’s datatrail? azzie’s? renraku? ta?

A Trip to Deimos Pt 7
8/29/2009, 5:35:00 PM
Dramatis Personae
Runners
Harmony Craig Bottow
Ivan the Jackle
“K”
Asp
Ramose Hotep
Scrounge
Others
Ut-Napishtim
Mr Johnson
Gabriel “Shortchange” Timms
April O’Mally

As the door slides open, a thick cloud of vision + thermal blocking smoke pours thru. An alarm is going off on both sides of the door. Ivan ducks thru the nearby office door, out of the trid lounge, leaving Ramose and the cat there. Asp is still hiding. Scrounge and K go invisible, and K levitates. HCB takes up a position in front of them in the doctor office’s door. The team members with thermal can just make out some low to the ground shapes rushing them from within the smoke before some armored dogs break out and attack. The dogs seems to be trying to lock the team members in place, by biting and holding them. They seem able to sense magically invisible team members using scent as well. Two dogs team up on Ramose while a third goes after Scrounge and HCB. As Ramose is smashing his two dogs, one yelps, and the team hears Asp cry out “Lefty!” from the back room, and come charging out. Thru the cat’s sensors, Ivan is able to see that these appear to be biodrones, meaning there is a rigger somewhere onsite, and indicating a pretty serious level of security in this, the secure wing (appropriately named, huh?). Scrounge takes some damage, and he and K drop invisibility as it doesn’t seem to be helping. Asp is tightly holding the biodog he has mistaken for Lefty, and is trying to soothe it. The team takes out the other two dogs as some Winternight members come charging up the main hall.

The WN members are felled in a burst of full-auto fire from within the smoke just as some large forms become visible to the team. Two full armored suits come thru the door, coasting on small jet boosters located in the legs. They seem to be armed with machine gun/grenade launcher combo’s on one arm and a monofil whip on the other. Ivan opens up with the cat on the nearest form, barely scratching it. It returns fire, totally destroying the cat in a deadly full auto burst. The second mini-mech heads for HCB and Scrounge, firing while moving. It connects, but not as devastatingly. Fortunately, HCB has been holding onto the FN-HAR assault rifle that he grabbed off of John King’s corpse, and is able to return full auto fire, carefully targeting vital regions, while Scrounge and K back him up. The first mini-mech is meanwhile slice and dicing Ramose while Ivan panics in the back room, before popping out and taking a shot. Ramose is ko’d by the mech, which then heads for Ivan. Due to some incredible shooting, HCB is able to down the mech nearest him, but the other one ko’s Ivan with it’s monofil whip, taking a big chunk of the door frame and wall out as well. Ivan groans for help, seemingly summoning all his remaining energy to hold onto his last shred of life. Asp has by now determined that the biodog is not Lefty and is in the process of smothering it in rage.

HCB, K, and Scrounge all unleash on the the remaining mech from cover, while also trying to heal the downed team members, and once again due to some incredible shots manage to take it down. HCB recovers some grenades from the smoking ruined mechs, as K and Scrounge revive the fallen team members as bet as they can. The team can hear screaming and gunfire from outside the Copland facility and decide they better get moving. Asp finishes off his biodog. He is still bucknaked, holding his weapons. The team enters thru the now completely open security door, into a lobby with two creches where it looks like the mini-mechs might have been stored. There is a door on each side. They blow them open. They can hear quiet but desperate sounding whispers of “steady!” “wait for it!” “keep it together!” and such coming from beyond the doors. Ivan grabs a piece of broken glass from the doctor’s office and fashions a mirror, with which he, Scrounge, and Ramose look out one door, while HCB and Asp watch the other entrances and K astrally projects. Ramose has hauled the cat along.

K seems unable to penetrate the magic barrier in the center of the next area (which he assumes are the cells/faraday cages/etc) but senses 4 guards on one side, and 6 guards with what he thinks is a prisoner on the other. Ivan checks out the 6 guards side, and the team recognizes the form of Ut-Napishtim being held to the ground by two prison guards. There are also two sets of barricades with 2 guards behind each set along the wall. Ut-Nap, sensing his chance, manages to break free from the guards and, contorting himself, get his hands in front of him. He feints for one of the guards stun batons and instead grabs his pistol and shoots him as he dodges backwards. Scrounge launches a stunball using Ivan’s mirror targeted on the two guards who were holding Ut-Nap. Ut avoids most of the damage, but his two guards are ko’d. The rest of the guards seem to be a little woozy, but shake it off. Ramose, feeling adventurous, charges out towards the nearest barrier and soaks some pistol fire before reaching it and dealing some huge damage with his vibro blade. Ivan dodges out of cover, and launches himself in a flying leap onto the other side of the near barrier, while coup’de’graceing the two ko’d guards with his roomsweeper. It is graceful and vaguely upsetting. Ut is trading blows with the guards behind the second barrier, while Scrounge supports the whole group with spells.

Meanwhile, HCB launches a grenade out the other door. As K watches in the mirror, one of the guards runs out of cover to try to toss it back. K blasts him with a fireball, also detonating the grenade. Asp and HCB charge out into a settling haze of blood and gore. They receive some pistol fire, and HCB is ko’d, sliding to a halt against the first barricade. Asp lobs a grenade over the second barricade after recovering one from HCB’s stock. He then leaps over it and dispatches the cowering injured guard. Asp is still naked. Between Ivan, Scrounge, Ut and Ramose, the guards on the other side don’t last long. Ut searches them for keycards and such, finding one that he has seen them use on his nearby cell doors. The rest of the team comes around behind the remaining guards on the other side and makes short work of them. Ut tells the team that he got caught in an undercity sweep of anyone involved in the bank heist. One of his hideouts got raided while he was there, and he thinks that the Turing Army (and anti-A.I. militia) may have tipped off Lonestar, as Ut has been working for Daedelus a lot. He thinks the TA has been watching him, and maybe other team members for a while. In prison, they have been giving him intense violence and crime aversion BTL therapy, which has fucked him up pretty seriously, as he was previously tortured in BTL by the Black Shadows. He tells the team that the prisoners, in between BTL sessions, are kept in a drugged state in stasis pods that act as Faraday cages, cutting them off from the magical/matrix realms. He doesn’t know where the specific guy they are looking for is.

The team at this point explores a bit, finding another security door (to the processing center where HCB first arrived), the treatment chamber, four cell groups filled with the stasis pods, a rising staircase, and one locked door. Asp grabs an armor vest off of one of the downed guards. Ut begins trying to pick the lock, as the team hears the sounds of guards firing inside the Copland facility that they entered thru, and gradually approaching the team’s current position. Scrounge heads up the stairs, and is almost decapitated by a full auto burst. His rat spirit tells him to flee, and he does, yelling “mech!” as he scampers down the hall and around the corner. The rest of the team takes up defensive positions as HCB crouches behind a barricade. They hear a muffled thump, followed by some clicking noises, and two grenades tumble to the bottom of the stairs. K attempts to fling one back up as everyone flees, but apparently cast “suck” instead, and fumbles it. Ut attempts to missile parry one and suceeds. Scrounge, K and Asp duck into the far hall while Ut, Ivan, and Ramose run back up the hall they are in (where HCB is still covering them).

The grenades go off, and the mech emerges seemingly undamaged by Ut’s parried grenade. HCB fires on it and it turns his way, ko’ing Ramose with a full burst as it zips forward. Ivan and Ut duck into the second cell block up, and notice the guy they came here for. Ivan begins the process of waking him. The mech is advancing on HCB’s position and ko’s him again, although the barricade absorbs much of the fire. Asp charges the back of the mech, but his sword seems to have little effect on its thick armor. Realizing the direness of the situation, he salutes his remaining comrades, and pulls one of the high explosive grenades he got off of HCB. Placing it against the mech’s back armor, he fires his pistol thru it. The resulting explosion sets off not only the first grenade, but also the remaining frag grenades Asp is carrying, as well as the grenades remaining in the mech’s launcher and the explosive charge in Ramose’s sword hilt. The series of reverberating explosions in the tiny hallway creates the so-called “chunky salsa effect.” Ramose, Asp, and the mech are shredded beyond recognition, thickly coating the floor, walls, and ceiling in a paste of gore. Most of the nearby stasis pods in the first cell room are destroyed as well, fortunately the target of the mission is in the next room up. The barricade nearest is blasted loose from the wall and launched over HCB’s prone form into the far wall. K and Scrounge run up to see what happened, and are horrified at the result. Everyone has severe hearing damage. They revive HCB and find a small fragment of broken horn attached to a flap of burned skin, all that remains of their former team mates.

(Meanwhile, elsewhere, Ramose-Hotep opens his eyes: he is faced with the Gods of the Black Lands. Anubis, the guide to the dead, beckons him forward, into the presence of Thoth, the keeper of the book of life. The weight of his soul is compared to a feather, to determine whether he will ascend into the presence of Nepthys, the Goddess of the Death Which is not Eternal, or be devoured by the crocodile headed god, Ammat. He is found worthy, and is welcomed into the realm of the Neteru. Elsewhere yet, Asp reunites with his wife, and his beloved dog Lefty, bathing in YHWH’s glow)

Ivan and Ut emerge, and Ut returns to picking the lock, as the LS guards approaching thru Copland seem to be getting closer, seemingly having cleared the facility of WN, as gunfire has mostly stopped. K is monitoring them in astral space, and can tell that the huge explosion seems to have caused them to pause for a moment, however. Ut makes quick work of the lock this time, and Ivan bursts into the room to find a spider (aka security rigger) seemingly trying to disengage from his rig and defend himself. Ivan shoots him in the head, although he has a moment of existential angst as he realizes that the spider must have seen them coming thru his camera feeds and known his death was near, but been unable to jump out in time. He feels a premonition that he may someday die this very same way. He quickly enters the system and scans it for the info he needs while attempting to block and ignore the Black IC security system. He finds the controls for the security doors and opens the one to the processing center while closing the one they entered thru. He also sees the “dead” status symbols under the nodes for the biodogs and three of the mechs. There are three remaining mech readouts, but they seem to be only for monitoring and comms, and don’t have any control ability. He jacks out.

One LS guard has jumped thru the closing security door that the team entered thru, but the rest of his squad holds back, and he is quickly killed in a hail of magic and bullets. Ivan slaps around the technomancer to get him to get in the game, as they could use his help to escape. He gives him a pistol and combat jacket as well. Ivan and HCB both also grab LS combat jackets off of dead guards. They head thru the security door, K is levitating the cat along with, as the team may need the Johnson’s advie, and Ivan wants to salvage what he can. The technomancer obviously thinks he is hotshit, since he got such a serious rescue party, but Ivan quickly cuts him down to size with insults and not-so-veiled threats. His name is Gabriel, but he goes by Shortchange. As they are heading down the tunnel, they decide there is probably a security station ahead, and have Shortchange jump into the matrix to try to open the door, etc. He complains about poor signal and background interference (which K has also struggled with), but eventually suceeds. HCB dives around the corner and blasts one surprised guard from behind as the door slides open. He yells at the other guard to “freeze,” which he does. However, as the team approaches, the guard knees a switch, and a full facility alert goes into effect (they can hear the announcement over the open comm channel at the guard post). Ivan shoots him. They continue.

The reach the processing center where HCB first got jumped when he arrived, and SC hacks the door to the trolley. They hear an explosion behind them, and decide they better rush. Some of the team rushes better than others, as they are all pretty beat up and exhausted. Ivan gets the trolley running while HCB and Scrounge lag behind, K launches them into the air with levitate and starts pulling them along behind the speeding trolley. As they zip down the rails, they see a shape enter the tunnel behind them and close on them-it seems to be a fourth mech. It launches a grenade their way. HCB attempts to shoot it down and fails. K can’t do much, as he is busy levitating the team members (they are almost in the trolley now). Luckily, Ut uses his missile parry to toss the grenade back out just as HCB and Scrounge finally reach the trolley. K drops the spell and uses a well aimed fling to chuck the grenade back at the mech. Ivan sees the end of the tunnel approaching as the grenade detonates behind them, sending a huge explosion washing towards them. The trolley derails and plows thru two guards who seem to have just entered the tunnel to see what the fuck is going on. Most of the team dodges out of the tunnel before the explosion reaches, but Scrounge is hit, and then is clipped by the remains of the mech as it hurtles down the tube. He is ko’d, but quickly revived as the rest of the team enters the adjoining registration room and fries the guard behind the desk there. He doesn’t even manage to stand all the way up.

The team exits onto the launch pad and quickly heads for nearby fields to gain some cover. They move in the direction of Trogville. They eventually reach cover safely, and all grab onto each other as K levitates them in one big ball. He stays low to try to avoid detection and flies as fast as he is able towards the silo near the former Humanis factory where they stowed the launch gear. They arrive, and Ivan and Gabriel begin attempting to access the cat’s datacore to get the final escape instruction. They eventually succeed in retrieving a garbled version, and determine that they first need to launch a charge to blow the silo roof, and then alternate flares and pods until everyone is launched (so that the pilot of the stealthcraft with the hook can swoop in and get them all in a line). K and Scrounge are on lookout and see helicopters circling the main facility in a widening grid. HCB hollers up to them to return, as they are ready to launch.

Ivan shoots up the charge, blowing the roof, and then shoots a flare, followed by HCB’s pod. The team members can see the helicopters have all now turned towards their position and are approaching. K goes second, Scrounge third, and Shortchange fourth. Ivan warns SC not to try to access the matrix while in the upper atmo or space, to which he gets in only a quick “wha…” before his pod slams shut and launches. Ut goes fifth, the cat sixth, and then Ivan realizes he has a slight problem. There is no one to press the button to launch his pod. He snaps the controls off the launcher, jumps in his pod, presses the button, chucks the controls out, and slams his door just in time as his pod ascends the tube. As he launches skyward he sees the nearst helicopter launching a series of missiles towards the line of pods. The flares seem to pull most of them away from the pods, but the one carrying the cat takes a direct hit, sending it flaming to the ground. Ivan’s pod barely avoids the floating debris. Luck seems to carry all of the remaining pods into the atmo, and they are hooked in reverse order, and hauled into the stealthcraft, which appears to have an active camo skin projecting the starscape behind it.

The pods all fill with fluid once they are set in their creches on the ship, and the team feels the craft put on some serious g’s. Most pass out. They eventually are launched out of the ship down into the Mars desert (nice tight dispersal again) while in their capsules. None of them can see any sign of civilization anywhere nearby. The pods split open, and once again give the team members 20 seconds to disembark before immolation. They do so. They are waiting around and scanning the horizon while SC whines. Most of the team feels relieved to be back, especially since they can access the matrix/astral plains much more freely and easily here. They hear a thumping sound approaching, which a few of them recognize, and one of the Johnson’s one legged mono-stabilized “rabbits” appears bouncing towards them. It stops nearby, and Mr Johnson emerges. He greets the team, expresses his sympathies for the absent team members and presents the team with a datastick containing access codes to their payment accounts. He verifies that SC is all right, and ushers him into the rabbit. He tells the team that their medical account has been set up to be accessible at either of Doc Todd’s clinics. The team verifies that the money is good, and start talking about how to split it. The Johnson warns them about the heat from the bank job: apparently a daughter of a friend of the mayor’s was killed during the bank heist, and all hell has been breaking loose. There have been a lot of raids on undercity gangs, so he warns them to watch out. He tells the team he will be in touch if he needs them again. Then he departs. Ivan calls up his car, and the team waits while he races it to their location.

Scrounge decides that this is his last run, and only takes 2000 of the payoff, to set up his retirement. The team decides to all chip in for extra medical for HCB to fix his ‘ware, and they decide Ut will get 8000, since they did save his ass, but he also was kind of instrumental in their escape. Ivan returns April’s angry messages about Yann’s hospital bills, and they figure out a deal. They head towards Todd’s country clinic with thoughts of new gear, and maybe new faces….

up next: the team recovers and arms up for the next run

HCB discovers mystery device implanted in his head at end of session (NeoNET leftovers) HCB has desire to torture Ivan wishes to return RH’s ceremonial armor to Heliopolis Ivan will do some work for April’s undercity reporting

A Trip to Deimos pt 6
5/23/2009, 5:38:00 PM
Dramatis Personae
Runners
Harmony Craig Bottow
Ivan the Jackle
“K”
Asp
Ramose Hotep
Scrounge
Others
Mr Johnson

The team decides to begin working on the escape device, and consult the cat/Mr Johnson. Much to their disappointment, they are not actually building a spaceship, but merely a sub-orbital launcher and some small hoverpods to hold them in the upper atmosphere until they can get snagged by the stealth craft that the Johnson has waiting.

Scrounge is resting up somewhere after his grueling time in the pits. RH is still tied up, coming down from his Kamikaze rage. Asp knocks him ot every once in a while until he finally regains composure. The he is set free. The team begins working, K is levitating tools and objects while Ivan directs and HCB fiddles. Asp is providing backrubs and home cooking. Scrounge wanders off somewhere invisible again. RH decides to take care of external security, and promptly steps on some leftover poison cake and sends himself into a hemmoraghic fever. Scrounge reappears and agrees to help Asp get RH to Winternight to heal him up (as they are rumored to know about poison), while the rest of the team keeps working on the devices. They work only during the night while the Vory crew is gone, and head their progress during the days.

Asp, RH and Scrounge travel to the Winternight farm, healing RH both magically and with 1st aid after each bad bout of poison induced vomiting that he suffers. He is alive, but barely cognizant. He mumbles that whatever happens, they can’t let Mimir take his horns in trade for healing. They reach Wodan who ignores them until one of his ravens whispers something in his ear, and they are once again guided in by Ratatosk thru realms of fire, ice, and stranger things to Loki’s shining hall of lies. As Asp touches the door, the illusion fades and they find themselves on a normal prison farm, confronting a mundane brick building. Asp still is sure that he saw Lefty and Heather palying fetch off in the ice realm, though.

Loki agrees that WN will help RH in return for Asp’s assurances that the Copland raid is on, and will go down soon. Scrounge has left them behind somewhere along the line, seemingly not wanting to get involved with these weirdos. Asp RH down into Mimir’s well, and then climbs down the rope and hauls RH to the end of the cavern, where he finds Mimir waiting. Mimir asks Asp what he will trade, and Asp tells him that he doesn’t want anything done to himself, so Mimir can take anything from RH that he wants. Mimir asks waht RH values most, and Asp tells Mimir that RH specifically requested to keep his horns. Mimir chuckles and tells Asp he can leave while he operates.

Asp returns to find RH shorn of his horns, and bleeding from the stumps. However, the poison appears to have been cleansed from his body. They return towards the factory, and Scrounge rejoins them on the way. RH is having an identity crisis, as he is both scarred and de-horned, as well as having shamed Heliopolis’ royal guard during the bank heist. Very sad. They return to the prison and help put the finishing touches on the escape devices, while K and Scrounge scout Copland. They hide the components and estimate how long it will take to assemble and launch. K and Scrounge return and deliver their report, and the team sets up their plan.

HCB goes off to let WN know that they are ready, but sprains his ankle on the way while trying to run, so the plan gets delayed a day. WN and HCB agree on a meeting point and time to begin the assualt. HCB returns to the team, and they head out as the sun is setting, smuggling the cat under a blanket so the Vory workers don’t see it. Scrounge stays behind to guard the factory. HCB notices a conspicuous new hill by the meeting spot, and approaches. A rock swings aside on the hillside, and he is beckoned inward. He crawls through and sees the WN guys all wearing warpaint and operating what appears to be a Da Vinci style tank driven by multiple modified bicycles. He is offered a drinking vessel along with a chant of “skol!” He notices the vessel is an emptied out skull with the orifices sealed. He sips a little, but they insist he drink it all. He does so, and feels somewhat woozy, but they tell him that it will clear out his nano-trackers.

He calls for the rest of the team to enter, and they each in turn drink the brew. Ivan is the only one who feels better afterwards. Most of them refuse to pedal as the strange craft begins to move. The team notices that the interior walls of the “hill” have an image of roiling seas, as if they were in a longboat. They are duly impressed by WN’s bizaare use of active camo and sim. After a while, Loki announces their arrival. K and Asp head out first to deal with the guard towers. WN seems impatient, but Ivan convinces them to hold back for now. K casts invisibility and leviatate on both Asp and himself, and they zip around the guard towers, rapidly eliminating all four with no difficulty. Asp knocks each guard unconscious after paralyzing them, and K executes them afterward, although he waits until Asp is safely out of sight before doing so after Asp is horrified by K’s point blank execution of the first guard. Blood splashes on Asp’s face, as usual, on this first occasion. It seems he can never incapacitate someone peacefully anymore. The guards are all prisoners assigned to Copland, and are all carrying bolt action rifles. K abandons Asp on the roof of the main Copland building when Asp starts whining about not needing to kill people, and goes off to scout the inside a little more before he brings everyone in.

Asp decides to get down off the roof, but first strips off his coveralls, as they are rather bright. He almost gets noticed, and the rest of the team briefly panics as a spotlight plays across the roof, but he manages to dive out of the light just in time and jump down from the roof without injury. He approaches the fence where Ivan, RH, and HCB are now waiting, and ko’s one more prisoner in a field on the way. Ivan and RH have noticed (thanks to them remembering to bring a voltometer) that the inner of the two security fences has a faint electrical signal flowing thru it, probably an alarm rather than a shock device. K can’t find any way to turn it off, but he does get a better idea of the layout, seeing four prisoners playing some sort of game on an athletic field to the east of the main building, and assensing a building full of well-prepared inmates who seem to know they are coming to the west. He is so afraid he refuses to verify the presence of these inmates, despite Ivan’s repeated requests to do so.

K returns to the north fence, and lifts everyone over, including the WN dudes, who got tired of waiting and came up front to see what the hold up was. They all go running off in three groups. The team all sticks with the center group, headed for the main building. They all also rmove their coveralls, and are all naked except for their armor. Asp reaches it well ahead of everyone else, and sprints thru the halls, looking for the access to the secure complex. He barely avoids detection by a prisoner with his back to him down a side hall, and decides to be more careful. He enters a trid lounge by a serious looking security door at the south end of the building, and decides that secrecy justifies homicide in this case, so he kills the two prisoners in the lounge. A man emerges from a nearby office to see what the commotion was (Asp is quiet, but not that quiet), and quickly dives back inside. Asp enters the office, avoiding a shotgun blast, and quickly dispatches the third prisoner as well.

Outside, the WN guys are now running all out and hollering a terrible battle cry towards the heavens. Whenever they see other inmates, they chuck some spheres at them which shatter on impact, releasing a purplish gas. K goes off to the east to help the WN dudes who went that way take care of the athletes. The main group enters the main building with the team, and begins looting and pillaging. The team heads down the hall, with HCB taking the lead, after all putting on their gas masks. HCB encounters the inmate that Asp bypassed in the throes of a terrible convulsion. His blood seems to be crystalizing in response to the poison that WN unleashed. HCB finishes him off, although he completely misses with his first swing. Luckily no one is watching to mock his poor aim. He checks the east and west halls, but finds they both lead back outside, where WN seems to have things under control. No one has yet emerged from the building to the west that K was so sure was full of guards.

Ivan advances towards the serious looking door at the end of the hall, and is set upon by a prisoner with a doctor’s gard using cleaver. He is lightly injured, but the doc is quickly eliminated by the cat and HCB, who unloads some rounds from the FN-HAR he appropriated from Humanis. At this point, they can all hear alarms going off in the building. Ivan begins examining the door, and trashing the nearby medical facility and office to try to find a way to open it. K rejoins them and tells them that the guys on the field are all dead from the poison the WN unleashed in concert with K’s spellcraft. The door suddenly begins to open, and the team takes up defensive positions around it. Asp hides under the bed in a side room off of the office of the last man he had killed. K ducks into the doctor’s office with HCB. Ivan, the cat, and RH take up positions in the trid lounge.

Next up, what will come thru that door?

A trip to Deimos pt 5
5/11/2009, 4:43:00 PM
Dramatis Personae
Runners
Harmony Craig Bottow
Ivan the Jackle
“K”
Asp
Ramose Hotep
Scrounge
Others
Mr Johnson
Timur Basyev
Keb

While clearing bodies, Ivan discovers a note in his pocket scrawled on human skin. he doesn’t share this with anyone. After burying/melting all the bodies, the team decides to prepare for LoneStar’s eventual arrival, and try to find some workers. HCB heads out with RH towards Trogville and the Yak in search of advice/assistance, lacking a better idea. While walking, they hear helicoptetrs approaching, which HCB recognizes, due to his familiarity with various aircraft. They hury back to the factory to warn the others, arriving just in time. Everyone hides their gear, and pretends to be cleaning. The helis land and HCB goes out to talk to the LS team leader, an ork male. He is brusque, but doesn’t seem to care much about the absence of Humanis and all it’s people, but warns HCB that the factory better be back on line quickly, so as not to miss quota. HCB agrees, and bluffs his way thru. Unfortunately, LS notices that everyone’s nanotrackers are inactive, and activate them, so they are all on the grid. This makes them more trackable, but also less suspicious if scanned by LS again. LS also notcies K’s magical ability and secures a magecollar around his neck, disabling his spellcasting abilities.

LS then takes off, leaving the team to scramble for assistance in quickly manning the factory. Reviewing what he knows of the factions, HCB decides to head for the nearby Vory factory complex, as they presumably have access to workers and might be interested in expanding their turf. He heads out with RH. Ivan speaks with the cat/Mr J, who says he will provide plans for the team once they are set up and have the factory operational-the team will build their escape device during the night while overseeing the normal production schedule during the day. K is freaking out about his collar problem, so Asp temporarily paralyzes him. Ivan and Asp begin searching the factory for instructions or any indication fo what is made there, and find that it seems to be fairly idiot proofed, although not very specific about what they should be making. Ivan is distressed by the lack of computer control systems, as the factory seems anachronistically manual. They also find the anti-magic generator and disable it.

Meanwhile, Scrounge awakens in a dank, dark hole (not entirely out of his element) and tries to recall how he got here. He remembers sneaking off to scout the Humanis factory while everyone else dealt with the Yak, as he wasn’t sure which families they might be dealing with. He thgouht he was near the Humanis factory when all of a sudden he felt a shock and was tackled from behind. A bag was placed over his head as he lost consciousness. He spends some time trying to figure out his surroundings, and determines that he is in a crude cell carved out of rock, somewhere underground. He is beginning to try to open the barred door when a bright light shines down the tunnel and the door slides open. He hears distant cheering and an announcer introducing a new contender, the “Ratman.” He turns invisible and heads for the light. He emerges from the tunnel into a brightly lit arena, and can hear shouts and jeers from the stands above the walls, but can’t see the spectators due to the lights. A rabid dog faces him, and he quickly defeats. After the announcer declares his victory, another gate slides open and a large masked man with a club emerges. Scrounge retreats and is sprayed with paint near one of the walls, making him visible again. He takes some hard hits, but manages to take down this second opponent as well. Injured, he returns to his cell, where a pipe carrying water and some thin gruel drops from the ceiling. He rests.

HCB and RH arrive at the Vory factory and try to talk their way in. They fail at first, until HCB tells an unfunny joke that the guard appreciates for its Russian nature and lets them pass. They have an interview with Timur Basyev, who appears to be some sort of mid-management type-decent offic eoverlooking one of the factory floors. He makes a deal to help HCB man up the factory and place it under Vory control, allowing the team to work at night. He also requires that HCB find him a quality pit fighter. The Vory and Triad apparently have pit fighting rings, and occasionally have a major competition at some neutral point (for which the Humanis factory will be great), and Basyev needs a star for the upcoming bout. HCB volunteers RH, who agrees. He heads to the pit, and is stripped of his gear. Dropping in, he is declared to be fighting the previous day’s champion, the Ratman! Scrounge, seeing his door open again, goes invisible and emerges, but is sprayed with paint once again, as the announcer declares that the audience is sick of that trick. He exchanges a quick whispered communication with RH, and they mill around. As the audience gets impatient, a large ring of spikes deploys from the arena walls, and begins tightening towards the center. They are forced closer and decide to fake a fight. The try to pull their punches, but are both gassed with kamikaze, which Scrounge is able to shake off. However, it triggers RH’s trained battle rage, and he nearly ko’s Scrounge. Scrounge plays dead, as two more opponents enter the arena-he secretly casts spells to aid RH. RH is ko’d by the 2nd goon, and Scrounge takes the opportunity to blast the goon, rising from his repose to claim victory.

HCB makes a deal with Basyev to reacquire RH in exchange for the promise of a better fighter in the future, but leaves Scrounge for now, lacking any idea of how to get him out. Scrounge returns to his cage and feeds again. He continues fighting for the next few days, growing increasingly weaker and less popular. The audience is bored by invisible stunballs. HCB decides to wait for the recruits from the main complex, and heads back on a bus with them when they arrive. Basyev sends a few experienced foremen with the new workers to get the factory going. RH is still ko’d. When walking up to the factory, one of the workers steps on a pocket of poison left over from the attack, becoming extremely ill in the ensuing gas cloud. HCB unnecesarily warns the reamining workers to watch out for poison. The foremen declare that they will be traveling back to the Vory complex to sleep, which actually is better for the team anyway.

They haul RH upstairs for medical assistance, while the foremen get the factory going. Aps wakes RH up, but he is still in a rage, so Asp paralyzes him and ties him down. HCB tells everyone about Scrounge, but K is insistent that they need to deal with his “no magic” problem first. HCB heads back to Basyev with an idea. He has Basyev put the word out that the first 3 people to put Keb (HCB’s nemesis, the Ancients lieutenant) in the hopsital will get a supervisory spot in the Vory factory. HCB also has Basyev send a message to the AB+ to smuggle Keb out of the main complex and leave him outside Trogville. He asks Basyev where to go to deal with the magic thing, and Basyev suggests either the Ghost Cartel or Winternight farms. HCB, leery of GC’s Azzie connections, decides to take his chances with Winternight. He and K head out.

Upon approaching the farm, they see a tall, barren tree with a figure with its arms spread attached to it. Two ravens circle the figures head, occasionally landing and appearing to whisper into his ears. HCB hails him, and eventually get shim to speak. He names himself as Wodan, and says that he is seeking knowledge of ancient runemagicks. HCB asks if anyone can help with K’s collar, and Wodan suggests Mimir, who he says he traded an eye to for some runic abilities. HCB gets rough directions and heads on, guided by a squirrel that Wodan summons to lead them. As they travel thru the fields, they pass thru areas of fire, ice, and other strange lands, although they do not notice any change in temperature. The squirrel halts and confers with an eagle which leads them the rest of the way. They enter into what looks to be an ancient viking town under a gate depiciting a serpent swallowing its own tail. They approach a great golden hall in the center of the village. As HCB touches the door, the image disappears and is replaced with the prefab concrete structure they are used to. Looking back over the fields, they also now appear as normal. The door swings open, and a voice beckons them to enter.

A decrepit figure sits in a chair at the far end of an open room, and introduces himself as Loki Liesmith. HCB opens with a Xenogears joke, using his sci-fi classics knowledge, which Loki seems to appreciate. Loki says that they are constructing Naglfar in order to raid a distant hall, accompanied by their cadre of frost giants. HCB is confused, but eventually deduces that Winternight is planning to assault Copland, but needs assistance gaining initial access. As HCB had previously considered Copland as one approach to the secure wing of the main complex (and the mission objective) this seems like it might work out pretty well. They agree to help each other, and Loki tells HCB and K how to find Mimir’s well.

They head out, and eventually reach the well. There is a beat up looking winch which lowers a bench seat down the shaft. HCB desecends first to check it out. He travels down a dark and slightly glowing tunnel, and finds a hunched and cloaked figure at the end. He confirms that this is Mimir, and gets the details of the deal: K will have to trade him an eye for the solution to his problem. HCB, forseeing that K might not be too into this, tries to find an alternative. Mimir suggests 12 teeth instead. HCB tells him he will be back, and heads back up the cavern. He tells K of the situation, and K (desperate as he is) agrees. He heads down, meets Mimir, and is temporarily paralyzed, although not anaesthetized, will Mimir removes the teeth, which he tucks in a pouch at his belt. He then pulls a wire from the side of his head and connects it to K’s collar, humming and making sharp gestures in the air. He tells K that he is free to go, but not to try to remove the collar, as the tracking is still active-he has merely deactivated the anti-magic field.

Thrilled, K flies down the tunnel and up the well, rejoicing in his regained abilities. He and HCB head back towards Trogville to (hopefully) pick up Keb, if the plan has gone off. The arrive a day and a half later, and find Keb tied up as promised, they take him (cursing all the while) to Basyev, who seems excited by the prospect-he looks like a good fighter. HCB talks Basyev into freeing the Ratman and returning his possesions, and Scrounge finally rejoins the team. Now, in posession of the factory, the team is ready to begin construction of their escape device and plan the final stages of the job: getting into the secure facility and getting the target safely out, and then getting off this rock. Who knows? Things might even work out for once…....

A trip to Deimos pt 4
4/27/2009, 11:54:00 PM
Dramatis Personae
Runners
Harmony Craig Bottow
Ivan the Jackle
“K”
Asp
Ramose Hotep
Others
Dead
Ken Ichiro
Kelo
Vesperic
Malice
Samson
John King

In Trogville, HCB, RH, and Ivan tell Dead they will be back after the next Yak/Mafia race to pick up the poison and sort out the plan for the assault on Humanis. HCB notices that the Trogs have mounted the heads of the captured Humanis goons from the trap that he laid. They head back outside, and meet up with Asp and K, who have just noticed that Scrounge seems to have pulled his usual vanishing act. He seemed somewhat worried about mixing with Yakuza, since he doesn’t know their affiliations, so he seems to have decided to lay low for a while. Ivan convinces HCB to talk to Ken about letting Ivan race as well. Ivan and HCB head for Yak turf after helping the cat and the rest of the team hide out-they decide that the cover of working on a Yak farm would be unnecessarily complicated when they could just hide out for a day or two instead. K, practicing his newly learned invisibility spell, pops in and out of his hiding place, and shoots up in the air. Asp talks to his dead wife and dog. RH convinces K to eat some addictive Beetlegum, finally. The cat is silent.

Meanwhile, HCB introduces Ivan to Ken as an ex-racer from Trogville, and Ken agrees to let him drive, as it will help to have another skilled racer (and probably helps that he is totally expendable to Ken, as Ivan has no Yak attachments). Ivan does a little tinkering on his car, which looks like a souped-up dune buggy with a roll cage. HCB is still driving the extended three wheeler, which apparently has a new surprise in store for the mafia driver, but Ken brushes off HCB’s inquiries about the nature of the surprise. They head for the mafia racetrack. It seems to have been altered a bit since last HCB saw it, and appears more lethal, with additional spike traps, ramps, pits, etc. Ivan tries to get noticed by the cameras. They do four laps this time, with the mafia bio-driver leading most of the way, while HCB and Ivan hassle him and the other Yak cars run interference with the other mafia cars. Ivan makes a molotov with one of his whisky bottles, but misses the bio-mafia. HCB deploys his spiketrap, but it seems like the bio-mafia has learned that trick, as he avoids it-he also seems to be driving even better than before, and Ivan and HCB are only able to keep pace thru cooperation. Coming into the last lap, HCB tries to ram the bio-mafia, but swings too far the wrong way and goes flying off a nearby ramp. He recovers spectacularly, tho, and manages to regain a flanking position quickly. He rams the car from the side just before the finish line while Ivan simultaneously rams it from behind. HCB’s car deploys it’s “surprise”- an explosive tipped harpoon which latches onto the mafia car, and holds them together. The explosive doesn’t trigger until Ivan rams the conglomeration, tho, maybe the wiring was bad. The explosion mostly obliterates the mafia car, and sends HCB spiraling sideways towards a spike trap in his rapidly disintegrating vehicle. Ivan is launched into an arial cartwheel, and crosses the finish line first, although not on the ground. He passes out upon impact. HCB manages to jump free of his wreck before it hits the trap, and just avoids getting flattened by a trailing mafia driver who was gunning for him.

The mafia are not too happy about the death of their driver, to say the least, but the Yak play it off as an accident while HCB gets Ivan out of his wrecked buggy. The yak and mafia agree that the mafia officially won the race, as they had the first car across on the ground, and the yak clear out and head for home as quickly as they can. Ken is thrilled with the results, and tells HCB that he is ready to move on Humanis whenever HCB wants to. HCB tells him they’ll be back, and he and ko’d Ivan head for Trogville in a borrowed car under the cover of night. HCB drops off some food for the hiding team members, and his car dies again upon approach. He carries Ivan the rest of the way, after stripping off his equipment and leaving it in the car to avoid suspicion. They both get some magical and herbal healing. Ivan is horribly disappointed to find that he was not the official winner. Samson shows up, and tells HCB that Malice is waiting outside, and they are both in for the Humanis raid. Ivan and Samson bond over memories of Seattle and the night of rage. Dead, Vesperic, and Kelo will be leading the Trogs, who will take one side of the factory while the team plus the AB+ folks take the other. The yak will ring around the outside and pick off any escapees. HCB grabs the poison and tells the Trogs to meet him around the west end of Trogville, they also send a runner to the yak to let them know it’s on. HCB rounds up the team outside, and they head to the west side of the forest. The plan is that K will fly invisibly to the factory roof, crumble and drop the poison discs into the air vents, and then, once the poison sends people inside fleeing, everyone outside will pick them off. They will then enter the factory and take out any stragglers. Dead reminds everyone that he wants John King’s head. The group heads for the factory, staying south of the vory complex and north of the mafia farms.

They approach as the sun goes down, and finally get a visual on the factory in the early darkness. K does his thing and zips off, wearing heavy duty gloves and a respirator, as the team isn’t totally sure how this poison works-it’s some chemical warfare shit out of the eastern european merc wars, and K decides to take what he feels are appropriate precautions. He does a flyover of the roof, and seeing/sensing no-one, descends. When he is about 15 feet up, he suddenly reappears and tumbles to the roof. He manages to avoid taking any damage, and luckily the poison is still in its original case, but he is rather surprised. He tries to assense and cast some spells, none of which seem to work. He decides to proceed anyway, and locates an intake vent. He quietly pries the cover off and crumbles all the poison discs in, dropping them down as he does so. He then searches the roof for a way down, and finding none, decides to make a running leap. He goes to the northeast corner, and runs due south, jumping with all his force off the edge, hoping he will be able to activate his spells again before he hits the ground. Luck seems to carry him thru, and he regains his magical flight only a few feet from the earth. He zips back to the team, high on life.

At this point, people are starting to exit the factory in a noxious cloud-most are hacking or vomiting. Ivan moves the cat forward slightly and begins machine gunning the crowd while Asp approaches on foot. Asp is stricken by a flashback as he watches a child’s head explode in the machine gun fire, and he collapses to his knees in tears midway to the factory. Ivan continues firing until his ammo belt runs out. Then he throws in another belt and approaches. He begins executing any of the people still moving, telling each first that he is an elf. One man spits in his face when he rolls him over, and Ivan caves in his skull with repeated blows. This is becoming more and more like the night of rage, and Ivan sees this a great day for metahumanity, as well as personal revenge-he imagines that some of those he is killing might have been in Seattle all those years ago. RH goes to finish off anyone who got away to the right, while HCB and K go left. HCB is trying to conserve ammo, so he stomps on people’s windpipes and such when possible, only shooting those who are out of easy reach. K is hovering above him oblivious, high on life after his amazing escape from the factory roof.

Ivan goes hot into the cat at the same time that a man in a welding mask with a cutting torch runs out and swings at him. Ivan watches his meat body take a grievous wound thru the cat’s eyes, and has a strange epiphany about the nature of his life. He guns down the welder, and goes and covers his body with the cat. Two more welders run out, the cat guns down one, but the other takes a big slice out of the cat’s side, nearly incapacitating it, before he is killed by K and Asp, who has finally emerged from his catatonic stupor. Ivan and the cat retreat a ways, and HCB and RH return to the area after finishing off the last stragglers. Samson and Malice agree to watch outside with Ivan and the cat while RH, Asp, and HCB go in-they are all wearing gas masks, as the factory is still venting poisonous looking fumes. As they enter the front, a portcullis of sorts slams shut, Asp and RH jump clear inside the factory while HCB is stuck outside. RH and Asp take some damage as some workers on the gantries above dump containers of molten metal over them, melting some of their armor. Asp shoots one while RH jumps and pummels the other, causing him to spill molten metal all over himself and the gantry. HCB runs around to a side door, which he powers thru after K blasts it for him, and is quickly stabbed with a sharpened pipe. Asp hears the commotion, and enters the room, stabbing the teen with the pipe thru the back-some sort of horrible shishkebab.

HCB checks the room next door and finds some vomiting, near death children. He exits the room. RH falls thru the somewhat melted gantry, but lands well. He jumps back up and heads for the stairs to the 3rd level. Asp and HCB approach the door leading to the stairs to the 2nd level. Asp carefully opens the door and two more welders with torches run thru towards HCB, although one loses his footing and stops short. HCB and the other one seems incapable of hitting each other at first. Asp takes some severe torch damage, but manages to down his opponent, while HCB deals with his by shooting him right in the face. They head up the stairs at the back of the room. They take a minute to do some combat healing, and then Asp approaches the door to the 3rd level. Sensing no movement inside, he steps thru, and is hit with two blunderbuss shots, although his armor absorbs the damage. HCB tries to shoot one of the guards but misses. RH bowls thru both of them, and vaults the desk and splits one of the guards skulls. Asp dispatches the other. They find an intercom in the room and call for John King to surrender. He responds that they are all filthy halfbreeds and cowards, and tells them to come and get him.

RH decides to do so, and rams thru the steel door at the back of the room, entering JK’s office. He is greeted with two slingshot stones from two children, a shotgun blast from and adult woman, and most effectively, a full auto burst from an adult male. All these people are wearing gas masks and are ensconced behind a heavy looking desk. RH’s momentum carries him forward into the desk, and with his last ounce of strength, he chucks his vibroblade, barely scratching the man and lodging in the wall. Asp enters as the kids and woman reload, and vaults the desk to attack the man. He does some damage, but it seems like this man is wearing actual armor, as opposed to the ineffective sheet metal armor everyone else has been using. He guns Asp down in another full round burst, but reveals himself in doing so, allowing HCB to shoot him thru the neck. He drops. HCB dodges another shotgun blast from the woman, and drops her with two more shots. He then kills the children, who are cowering in the corner, the older one trying to protect the younger with his slingshot. He stabilizes Asp and RH, and brings RH back to consciousness. HCB beheads JK, grabs the shotgun and the assault rifle, RH grabs Asp and they head out. They all get some mundane and some magical healing outside from the Trogs an K. HCB turns over JK’s head to Dead, who is thrilled. They decide they need to clean the factory and hide/dispose of all the bodies before dawn, when LoneStar will probably at least do a flyover to make sure everything’s on track. The team will also quickly need to find workers for the factory if they want to keep control, as LS doesn’t appreciate missed quotas.

The Trogs begin rounding up the bodies outside with the help of K’s spells, and dropping them in a mass grave. The gas masked team members are dropping the bodies inside into some smelters and furnaces. Ken appears in a stealth suit and lets HCB know that the yak fulfilled their side of the deal and are heading for home. HCB presents him the shotgun in thanks. Ivan decides to bury the cat in the nearby abandoned silo where HCB met Ashley previously, to avoid trouble with LS inspections. The team needs workers quickly tho-where will they turn next?

The snitch and a trip to Deimos pt 3
4/27/2009, 12:47:00 AM
Dramatis Personae
Runners
Harmony Craig Bottow
Ivan the Jackle
“K”
Asp
Ramose Hotep
Scrounge
Others
Lefty
Tendo
April O’Mally
Mr Johnson
Barry Goldstein
Dead

On Mars, the team is preparing to take out Tendo, who Wade told them snitched them out to Halfman and the BS. Scrounge gets in touch with Ivan, looking for work, and Ivan tells him that the team believes Scrounge owes them some money from the Gavral job. Scrounge agrees to help with Tendo. UB! goes to lay low with Ultraman for a while and collect himself after his first big job. Ivan tells April he will help with Yann’s hospital bills once he has money, as it was apparently extremely expensive. The team meets up at Slot, where Ivan buys everyone drinks, much to the chagrin of the rest of the team, who are trying to maintain a low profile, as they are officially wanted. Ivan introduces Scrounge to the new members, and K checks him out while he checks everyone else out. RH reminds everyone that they need to rescue HCB.

Scrounge and K agree to work together to scout out Tendo’s hideout astrally, while the team drives their meat bodies there. Scrounge also summons a spirit in preparation. They find the building mostly due to K’s amazing astral navigation, and determine that Tendo appears to be under guard on the second floor. Ivan drives up and they park a block and a half away. The building has plywood nailed up over all the windows. K flies out the sunroof, RH activates his camo-armor and jogs down the street, Asp and Lefty scout ahead, Scrounge sneaks along while sustaining invisibility. Ivan prepares to send in the cat. Asp is throwing sticks with Lefty and casually approaches the front door, where he knocks. K flies up to the roof, Scrounge heads around to the back alley, RH waits across the street. Asp asks for water for his dog, while the guy inside repeatedly tells him to fuck off. He eventually opens the door, pointing a gun at Asp, who tries to disarm him, failing the first time, but succeeding on the second attempt. He is shot while doing this. From across the street, RH’s autoinjector triggers and he charges once he sees the fighting start, and he impales the guy in the door with his vibroblade even though Asp tells him not to since the guy is unarmed. Asp gets sprayed with blood.

At the same time, Ivan has pulled up to the corner and fired a shell thru the ground floor window to the right of the door. As Asp and RH enter the ground floor with the cat, they see two detached legs standing right behind the splintered plywood which was covering the window, and a sea of viscera on the walls and floor nearby. Ivan is thrilled. RH, Asp and Lefty head for the stairs at the back of the hall. K blasts open the stair access door on the roof, and enters, descending to the third floor. Ivan begins shelling the third floor from the street. Scrounge begins ascending the fire escape in the rear. K rounds a corner, and sees 2 armed BS looking goons temporarily distracted by Ivan’s firing, however he makes a bit too much noise and they spot him. They exchange gun- and spellfire, and K retreats to the roof while Ivan continues firing. One of the goons follows him and he launches him off the roof to his death with a powerbolt. Ivan pulls around back just in time to see him splat on the ground. Scrounge begins blasting thru the plywood on the rear second floor window while Asp and RH engage the two goons in hallway, plus 1 more that shows up from the 3rd floor. Scrounge sends in his spirit, which is quickly killed, and Asp also takes some damage, but between K from above, and the cat, RH, and Asp from below, the goons don’t last long. Once again, Asp disarms one only to have RH eviserate him immediately, showering Asp with more blood. Picking a door at random, RH barges thru, and in a brief second sees an ork looking figure tied to a chair. His vision is then obscured by a massive explosion, which knocks him down and almost unconscious. The cat manages to avoid damage down at the end of the hall but Asp, Scrounge and K all take severe damage.

RH attempts to regain his footing in the trap room, and is hit by sniper round. Another round knocks Scrounge out-he is bleeding heavily from the wound. RH hauls him out to the hallway to get him out of sniper range, while Asp sprints down the stairs and across the street with Lefty to try to get to the snipers. K heads for the roof, planning to escape off the back of the building to avoid the snipers, but is shot down by a burst of heavy machine gun fire. He is extremely near death-fortunately a pigeon flew in front of some of the bullets and lessened their impact as K was taking off from the roof. Ivan replays some of his car camera footage and is able to figure out which window across the alley the machine gun is firing from, and begins lobbing shells in, setting off a huge explosion on the second shot. He also has the cat begin pulling Scrounge to the car. RH heads up the roof to grab K at the same time, but is knocked out by more sniper fire. Ivan sets up a bucket brigade with the cat to get the 3 unconscious team members to the car.

Meanwhile, Asp, has taken some fire while crossing the street, but gains access to safety in the building lobby by breaking the door. It seems to be apartments. Aps tries to call the cops to report a disturbance in the area, hoping they could help cover the team’s escape, but the cops just laugh him off and mockingly say they will be right there before hanging up. He decides to head for the 4th floor (out of 5) and finds there are 8 apartments facing across the street. He waits and listens for more shots. As the cat crosses the roof pulling RH, he hears them. He busts in the door of the apartment he believes the shots came from, and takes two pistol rounds in the chest-there is a sniper set up, and another guy watching his back. Asp charges the pistol guy while the sniper jumps up and grabs his sidearm. Asp dispatches the first guy, but is ko’d by two more pistol shots from the sniper. Lefty comes to Asp’s aid, attacking the sniper with limited effect, and is himself ko’d fairly quickly. He seems to be just hanging on to life. Ivan is yelling at Asp to get back to the car the whole while.

In the alley, Ivan has finally gotten the whole team in the car, along with the cat, and begins driving off, before deciding to go back for Asp. He slaps trauma patches on Scrounge and K, stabilizing them for now, and slaps a few stimpatches on RH to get him going again. RH (still affected by the kamikaze) and the cat enter thru the busted front door, and are making for the stairs while Ivan tries to talk to Asp thru the micro-tranceiver. He hears his own voice thru the cat’s sensors and figures out that it is coming from the elevators before the tranceiver shuts down. RH presses the open button and lobs in a narco grenade before the doors slam shut again. He then opens the door again and grabs an unconscious Asp and BS goon. Ivan calls Wade and tells him about the fiasco, Wade apologizes but chides Ivan for not doing more prepwork. They drop off the BS goon for Wade and Doc Todd to question, and then heal up for a while. Once they are able, K and Asp head for their homes where they can heal up independently. Asp is horribly depressed about Lefty’s assumed death, and begins taking in way more animals than he can feasibly care for. Wade calls Ivan and tells him that he got a dog’s severed head mailed to him from Long Pig, Ivan decided not to tell Asp for now. Ivan makes a necklace of the BS goons severed thumbs for Asp, and puts it around his neck in the hospital while he is unconscious. He also offers a firm hand on the shoulder in support.

Mr J gets ahold of Ivan about the Deimos job and tells him to bring the team to decipher HCB’s coded message. When they meet, Mr J seems surprised that the team doesn’t seem to know anything about the job, or HCB’s plans to get himself imprisoned, or the specifics of his secret code. They scramble to figure out what HCB meant, and where the dropzone is based on the limited maps that Mr J has been able to reconstruct from ex-inmates. They eventually settle on a spot a bit southeast of the main complex, and hope they are on.

Mr J tells them they only have a few hours to get prepared, and the team scrambles to get all the supplies they need. They buy a variety of streetdrugs off of Barry, get some industrial poisons thru Ango, and pick up a few bottles of fine whisky. RH leaves his ceremonial armor behind, but they decide to bring the cat. They meet back at the spaceport, and load into a private shuttle, after having a toast to their future successes. They are all issued prison jumpsuits (but can still wear anything form fitting underneath) and bring only small arms. They are also all injected with nano-trackers, in case LS scans them. They are each loaded into a cramped pod, which quickly fills with a gel, which fills their lungs and seems to cushion them. They are loaded onto a small private vessel and take off from Mars, approaching Deimos. Once they are at the limits of LS’s control zone, their pods are launched. Beginning with Ivan and ending with the equipment pod, they are separated out and shunted down a long acceleration tube and then blasted into space towards the target spot on Deimos. They are pressed back into the gel, and can still sense the extreme pressure. Their heads are pressed back, but they have a limited view out the open fronts of the pods, and can see the moon rapidly filling their field of vision. After they enter atmosphere, the pods deploy some long veined spines with fabric between them, which slow them significantly, although they still hit the ground pretty hard. They are able to get a little bit of a look at the layout of the place while coming down. Once they hit the ground (in a fairly tight circle-nice work Mr J), their pods split open and inform the occupants that they have 10 seconds to vacate. The team scrambles to grab the gear and clear the area as the pods completely incinerate.

HCB emerges from the high crops nearby and greets them, showing off his tattoo. They chat for a while, and the cat tells them to get a move on. They are all a bit surprised. Apparently, Mr J has put a construct of himself into the catbrain in order to provide some advice and mission support. Ivan tries to engage in electronic warfare but is rebuffed, after which Mr J suggests not messing with him, as only he knows how to get them off Deimos again. HCB tells everyone that their cover is that they are Yak farm workers who transferred out of the main facility recently. He takes the metas into Trogville to deliver the drugs, as well as the booze and poison for safekeeping. Dead accepts, and HCB says they will be back before the Humanis raid.

But first, the big race!

A trip to Deimos pt 2
4/27/2009, 12:45:00 AM
Dramatis Personae
Runners
Harmony Craig Bottow
Others
Ken Ichiro
Dead
Vesperic
Kelo
John King
Mr Johnson

HCB gets a huge racing dragon tattoo on his back, he has severe tattoo fever for a bit. He gets yak permission to take his car to trogville. He drives at night to avoid LS spotting him, and parks in hidden places during the short days. He is fairly confident of his navigation, and soon approaches some tall fields and a distant forest which he thinks is the place. As he nears the forest his car dies. He gets out to fiddle with it, and hears a rising chant of “trog! Trog! Trog!” He joins in as hooded figures with torches emerge from the fields around him. He tries to tell them he is one of them, but they tell him he is a filthy mutant, and he realizes he has the wrong group. He flashes his Yak tattoo to scare them off, but they just shout additional abuse against the Japanese. He flees towards the forest on foot, the figures give chase and pelt him with stones and such, but he makes it.

The forest parts before him and seals behind him, seemingly keeping his pursuers out. An open space seems to continually be around him while the rest of the forest seems dense and impassable. After a few minutes of all out flight, he pauses and gets his bearings, heading in the direction he was traveling before. He eventually emerges in a clearing, and sees a number of huts and row houses standing in semi-circles. He hears a twig snap behind him and turns to see a darkly clad elf sneaking up on him. She seems surprised to have been noticed. She asks him what he is doing here, and he tells her he was fleeing some goons and also just wanted to visit. She takes him to Dead, and ork who seems to be the villages leader. He quizzes HCB, but seems to generally believe him (meta-solidarity, right?). Dead id’s the goons as Humanis members, who control a nearby factory and constantly harass and attack metahumans on the moon. Thus the magical barrier around Trogville-it only lets in metatypes.

HCB is upset, because Humanis probably took his car, and he doesn’t want to go back to the Yak without it, so he agrees to work with Dead to get some intel on their factory, and try to reclaim his car. Dead sends HCB to talk to Vesperic, a troll woman in charge of security. She says she has a person inside the factory, who she will contact about getting HCB in to get his car back. HCB waits until Vesperic gets a message back, and then heads out to meet Ashley, an elf poser who Trogville has agreed to accept if she will first help them do some damage to Humanis.

HCB heads out, this time walking, taking a long route around the Vory factory complexes to avoid trouble. He finds the agreed meeting place, and unused silo, and cautiously enters. Ashley is there, and they discuss the plan-they will sneak in in the night, and try to recover as much of his car as possible, sabotage/kill whatever possible-she suggests they turn their prison coveralls inside out to hide the bright white ID numbers. They enter the factory, and are quickly seized. A bag is thrown over HCB’s head from behind, and he is pummeled for a while before being taken across what he assumes to be the factory floor and up a few sets of stairs. He is eventually forced to sit and the bag is removed from his head.

He is across a large desk from a human male, who introduces himself as John King and apologizes for his lackeys rough treatment, saying that some of the most junior members of the organization are a bit overzealous. JK tells HCB that he feels that dwarves are really more like humans-not haughty like the elves, or revolting mutants like the goblinoids. JK tries to convince HCB to help Humanis to take over the Trog farm, removing a blight from the landscape of Deimos. HCB agrees, on the condition that he get his car back, and that they make him some sort of firearm. HCB also suggests Ashley come with him. JK agrees-HCB will go in, disable the magic barrier within an hour, and then aid in the conquest, and then will be free to go, with Humanis’ eternal thanks. HCB gets a zipgun, reassembles as much of his car as possible, and heads out with Ashley, who apologizes for deceiving him and says she is glad that he has also seen the light. She thanks JK for allowing her to appreciate her human heritage and to stop pining for those disgusting elf traits she used to find so appealing.

They re-enter Trogville while the Humanis invasion force waits outside. HCB tells Dead and Vesperic to detain Ashley and torture her to find out info. Vesperic complies, out of sight but well within hearing. HCB squirms a bit. He fills Dead in as best as possible, and they plan an ambush. They will drop barrier, allowing the Humanis goons to enter the woods, while Kelo (the sneaky elf) takes a small group around behind them. They will reactivate the barrier when the goons are deep inside, and the forest will aid in the defense-Dead, HCB and others will be in the village to take care of any goons who make it through, Kelo will take care of anyone who makes it out the other way. Ashley reveals that there should be about 20 Humanis fighters, but that JK probably won’t personally be there. They activate the trap, and it goes off pretty well. HCB signals when to reactivate the barrier, and Dead whispers thru a door to a hut that HCB has never seen anyone going in or out of. They let Ashley flee out the opposite direction. 5 Humanis goons make it into the clearing, 2 are killed before the others surrender. Kelo returns having only lost one of her team, and says that most of the goons either got trapped in the forest or killed, but a few probably escaped, so JK will find out what happened.

HCB decides to trust Dead, and tells him that he has a drop coming and but needs a field where he can deactivate the sensors for a bit. He offers to import a grabbag of street drugs for the Trogs to sell/use in exchange for using one of their fields. Dead agrees, and directs HCB to a fallow fields on the Yak side, he tells HCB to let him know when to turn off the sensors. HCB heads back to Yak turf with his limping car, driving straight thru this time. Ken seems a little annoyed he took so long and fucked up the car, but he has no love for Humanis either. He also has a job for HCB, the Yak need someone non-affiliated to sneak into mafia turf and scout out the mysterious driver they’ve been using, HCB volunteers Kelo from Trogville, and goes back to get her. She agrees to help in exchange for Yak protection of Trogville, but makes HCB promise to bring her back. He does so. They head out under the cover of darkness, HCB parks near SPF to wait to pick her up. She is gone quite a while, and he is getting nervous, when he finally sees a figure fleeing some rapidly gaining cars in the distance. He fires up his car and races forward, swinging around next to Kelo and getting her in the car just before she would have gotten run down, then racing back to Yak turf. He easily outdrives the mafia cars, and they seem to drop off when he reaches Yak farmland.

HCB drops Kelo off at the Yak hospital, and tells Ken what happened. Ken is pissed, and tells HCB that they’re going to have to give Kelo up to the mafia to avoid a diplomatic incident of sorts. They question Kelo, and she reveals that the mafia driver is some sort of biodrone, possibly hardwired to the car, who appears to be learning and improving rapidly with each race (as HCB experienced). HCB and Ken decide to poison Kelo with a delayed acting poison and then hand her over to the mafia-she won’t be able to tell them anything as she will quickly die once in their custody, and it gets the Yak out of hot water. HCB heads back to Trogville to tell Dead that things went south and Kelo got killed on the job, but on his way he sees Ashley (the elf poser) working in a Yak field. She bolts, but HCB’s two Yak guards grab her, and suggest they all return to talk with Ken. Ken eventually gets the story out of HCB while they direct Ashley’s torture (HCB gets the torturer to cut off her toe). She seems to be telling the truth that she was just trying to get by after fleeing Trogville, as she doesn’t want to risk returning to Humanis, as they will think she betrayed them. Ken suggests that they give Ashley to the mafia instead of Kelo, after they give her the full elf makeover she always wanted. HCB agrees, and they give the antidote to Kelo. Ken informs HCB that the mafia is requesting another race against him, on their turf again. HCB agrees, wanting to stay on Ken’s good side.

HCB heads off to Trogville again, this time with better news. He meets Dead and lets him know Kelo is okay (minus the specifics) and will be back after some time in the hospital. HCB still has to find a factory in which to build whatever escape mechanism Mr Johnson is sending down plans for. He convinces Dead that now is the time to strike against the Humanis factory, which Dead agrees to with the suggestion that HCB get the Yak to help in the raid instead of providing the promised protection for Trogville. HCB heads back to Yak turf, and gets the go ahead from Ken. He also asks Ken to check at the main complex for any messages that might have come in for HCB while he has been out and about. Ken returns with a sealed letter a day later. It appears to have been opened and then resealed, but HCB doesn’t make a big deal out of it. He finds a quiet corner and opens it. It contains a blank datasheet, which activates upon his touch. It is a communication from Mr Johnson telling HCB how to get in touch-he is going to smuggle the message out in the body of a soon to be deceased prisoner, a rather well known socialite released on appeal ($$$) who Mr Johnson has seperately been hired to eliminate. Due to his high profile, his body won’t be donated to “science” like the other prisoners, so HCB should be able to get a message out if he can get it in the guy. The datasheet incinerates once HCB sets it down.

HCB tells Ken he needs to get a message out to help plan a job on Mars, and tells him the method of doing so. Ken says he will talk to the lab guys. He returns later with the plan to have HCB give him the message, he will take it to the lab guys, they will encode the message in protein form, and then bribe someone in the morgue to inject it into the guy with the preservatives. HCB agrees, and writes a coded message with suggested team make-up, loadout, time of drop, and a map to the droppoint. He then returns to Trogville to wait for the team to show up and make sure the sensors get turned off.

A trip to Deimos
4/17/2009, 10:11:00 PM
Dramatis Personae
Runners
Harmony Craig Bottow
Others
Mr Johnson
Keb
Luther
Malice
Samson
Ken Ichiro

HCB awakens again, in yet another holding cell. He is getting sick of this shit. As he regains awareness, his head still feels lighter and he is really missing the lack of his olfactory booster, which seems to have been disabled or removed. Without his suit/helmet and comm, he can’t even access his internals to tell what’s missing. He notices that he now shares a cell with three other people: one ork and two humans. The ork and one of the humans appear to be asleep or unconscious. The other human is watching him intently. When HCB reacts, this person starts talking.

He tells HCB that he has been sent by a mutual friend to inform HCB of the terms of his current employment. Mr Johnson is apparently not thrilled at HCB going to jail ahead of schedule, as it cost quite a lot to send this person in. He has been imprinted with a construct persona capable of answering limited questions regarding the job and providing basic parameters, as well as discussing compensation to some degree. He has disabled the other two prisoners with a poison concealed on his person, and temporarily jammed the comms leaving the cell’s monitoring systems. When the guards ineveitably come to investigate, a transmitter in his head will emit a HF tightbeam signal to a nearby concealed transponder, which will relay the conversation to Mr Johnson, who will then arrange for the rest of the team to join HCB. Obviously, this is expensive and rather unideal, but Mr J is trying to make the best of a bad situation.

HCB and Mr J’s messenger converse about the job: the basic plan is that HCB will first enter the main facility and get processed, as all prisoners do. Having no useful gang or syndicate ties to help him out, he will have to find his own allies in the main complex to help him gain access to a travel pass to leave for the external farms/factories/labs. Once he has the pass, he needs to do a few things. He needs to find a farm where he can either permanently or temporarily disable the sensor grid to allow the rest of the team to drop in (although any of them that wish to come in through the jail will be encouraged to do so, as it will be far easier). He will also need to plan for future access to a farm where he can once again disable the sensors to allow for pickup/extraction, although that can wait until after the team arrives. HCB also needs to gain access to a factory where the team can produce the mechanisms of their escpae, plans for which will be sent along with the rest of the team. HCB can also lay the groundwork for the actual mission as much as he is able: namely, finding out how best to gain access to the Faraday cages in the secure wing of the main complex in order to extract the target. THe messenger promises that compensation for this job will be commesurate to the difficulty of the tasks at hand.

Unfortunately, they are not able to discuss much further as the guards arrive more quickly than expected. The messenger’s eyes flash briefly and he emits a high scream and begins bleeding from his eyes and ears before collapsing on the ground. The guards rush in and forcibly subdue HCB, who is about as suprised as they are. As they search the messenger’s body, they find a number of Black Shadows tattoos. They then beat HCB into unconsciousness.

He awakens a bit later (he thinks not too long) staring into space. He appears to be enclosed in some sort of small pod with a transparent front. He panics briefly as he is encased in some odd sort of gel, but this is cut short by a far greater panic as he suddenly drops rapidly towards the moon below. He appears to be traveling at fairly extreme speeds, explaining the cushioning gel. It is still fairly crushing, both physically and mentally. The speed keeps up until he enters the atmosphere (Deimos was terraformed before Mars, as a test run), at which point his pod breaks heavily, jolting him again. HCB gets a brief overview of the prison layout, although the closer horizon lines of the small moon prevent him seeing as much as he would like. His pod lands on some sort of pad, and splits open, spilling him and the gel onto the nearby pavement. Some guards in full armor armed with submachine guns gesture him over to a small building on the edge of the complex. He enters, and is processed thru-they record his SIN and biodata, assign him a prisoner number, and inject him with tracking nanotech in order to make sure he is where he is supposed to be. The guards ignore his attempts ar conversation, and HCB cannot make out there faces behind their full riot gear.

HCB exits the processing center thru the back and heads down a set of stairs. At the bottom, he takes a seat in the waiting railcar. He recognizes the ork from his holding cell sitting across from him, and strikes up conversation, braggin about how he killed the BS guy in the cell. The ork seems nervous about talking shit on the BS, and warns HCB that they have a lot of people in here. HCB laughs it off, and talks about how many of them he has been killing lately. The ork moves a couple seats away as the train starts moving. It is a fairly short trip to the main complex, where they emerge into a common area off of the messhall and cellblocks. The prisoners from the train split off, and some head off with group or individuals that seem to have been waiting for them. HCB, unsure what to do, mills around a bit.

All of a sudden, he realizes that there are no guards in sight. He bolts for one of the doors as the room clears out, but it slams shut-the ork from the train apologizes on the other side. HCB turns around and finds three human males sporting BS tattoos approaching him. He tries another door-also locked/barred. The center BS goon tells HCB that he’s got a message from Longpig for him, they engage in some fairly uninspired insult oneupmanship, and then HCB tries to kick him in the balls. The goon deflects th first blow, and hammers HCB in the side with a pipe. The other two goons are circling around, but appear to be following the center goon’s lead. HCB tries to kick him again, and connects this time, sending the goon to the floor with a groan. The other two goons are wailing on him now, but he focuses his attacks on the guy on the floor, stomping on the back off his head and knocking out most of his teeth on the hard concrete floor. HCB takes a hard hit in the back with a pipe from one of the other goons just as some guards rush in and begin breaking up the fight. They finish sending HCB back to the realm of the unconscious, where he has been spending so much time lately.

He awakens sometime later in what seems to be a prison hospital. He drifts in and out of consciousness for a while, and eventually feels able to move about some. He strikes up a conversation with a neighboring convalescent, an Amerindian man named Malice. They trade some stories and info, and HCB finds out he is in the Anarchist Black Cross controlled prison hospital. They also run the library, tech schools, and some of the other main complex facilities. The Mars City Street Gang Collective operates under leadership from some upper echelon Ancients lifers from Earth. They run the messhall and most of the cellblocks, although the AB+ controles their own living areas. Malice warns HCB against the Ancients/MCSG. These seem to be the two main factions in the genpop areas of the main complex. HCB convinces Malice to help him get a job in the prison library, due to his love of sci-fi, although it seems Malice doesn’t really trust him, and is somewhat evasive about the possibility of HCB acquiring a travel pass. HCB is consistently disappointed that no-one seems to have heard of the Crod Stompaz in here, and sets about rectifying that.

After his first shift at the library, HCB heads to the messhall. He is stopped in line and told that Keb wants to see him, and directed over to a young man sitting alone at a nearby table. HCB joins him-Keb is a human male in his late teens/early twenties, and is covered in prison tattoos. Keb suggests that HCB can help out the Ancients since he seems to have access to the AB+ areas of the prison. Keb is looking to expand his turf and impress Luther, the head Ancient, it seems. He wants HCB to find a way to sneak a bunch of gangers into AB+ areas and take over the hospital as a first step. HCB says he will do it and will go look around for a way in. Keb tells him he better not take too long. Keb is kind of obnoxious, but he says he can help HCB get a travel pass and other privileges.

HCB gets up and starts leaving. He decides to start a fight in the hopes of getting sent back to the hospital, and getting a chance to look about. He starts saying the most insulting military specific slang he knows until someone reacts. A guy tries to jump up and swing at him from a nearby table, and HCB swings back. He is soon shot in the back from a gantry above by an Lonestar guard with a nonlethal projectile of some sort. He fakes a seizure until the guards approach and beat him some more before commanding some of the other inmates to take him to the hospital. This time he strikes up a conversation with an African ork named Samson. They discuss sci-fi classics, and Samson talks some shit on the Ancients. HCB asks after Malice, and then gets up to wander around. He encounters Malice as he is exploring a stairwell that seems to have maintenance tunnel access. Malice tells HCB that he has been seen with Keb, and that he best watch his back, if that’s how he’s going to play things. HCB heads out after pretending like he’s not working with Keb at all.

He goes back to the messhall later and tells Keb that he found a way in thru a maintenance tunnel, and Keb tells him that they are going in that night-Keb will arrange for HCB’s cell to open, and then he will sneak to a camera free area to meet up with the rest of the force, and lead them to the tunnel. HCB tries to weasel out of going, but Keb won’t have it. After some contemplation, HCB decides to tell the AB+ about the planned invasion. He finds Malice and fills him in, Malice thanks him and tells him how to actually get into the maintenance tunnel (which HCB hadn’t bothered to figure out) via a nanotattoo map. Malice tells HCB to make sure he isn’t in front when they come down the tunnel. HCB heads back to his genpop cell and waits for night.

As promised, his cell slides open around midnight. He exits and attempts to sneak to the rendevouz. Although he is fairly quiet, he unfortunately manages to let nearly every other prisoner see him as he keeps halting directly in front of the cells. As the inamtes begin to raise a hue and cry, HCB begins shouting “fire!” in hopes of causing a distraction. It works, since the inamtes still locked in their cells begin panicking. HCB moves quickly to the rendevouz, and leads Keb and the rest of the gangers to the tunnel access, which one of them fortunately has the key for, as HCB didn’t bother to check it out at all. They enter the maintenance room, and pry up the tunnel lead, heading towards the hospital. HCB is leading, but is moving slowly and attempting to remain quiet. The gangers get impatient and most of them push past him, which he allows. However, Keb doesn’t let him slip away.

They reach the far end of the tunnel, and the front gangers burst thru the door, and are quickly engulfed in a gout of stinking flame. It appears to be some sort of gel based substance that sticks to their skin and burns extremely hot. The first group of gangers seem to be melting in front of them. In the confusion, HCB bolts for the door with some of the other gangers, and manages to get ahead of them, racing up the stairs. He is almost impaled by a sharpened pipe thrust in his direction as he rounds the corner, but Malice allows him thru the lines. The gangers behind him are not so lucky. Keb is shouting abuse at him from below and promising retribution. HCB heads back down to take him on, as he is pretty annoying. Keb quickly cuts HCB down with a pair of shivs, as HCB deals minor damage with a short pipe. As he falls to the ground and passes out again, he sees Malice and some other AB+ folks chasing the few remaining gangers down the tunnel.

He wakes up in the hopsital again. Malice and Samson come to see him, and tell he him that he’s got lodging in the AB+ area, and that someone will get his meals for him and such, since he wouldn’t be safe in genpop areas for now. HCB inquires again about getting a travel pass, and Malice says he will see what he can do once HCB decides where he wants to go. He heads back to the library and researches the prison layout/factions/activities/etc., as well as advocating for expansion of the libraires sci-fi selection. He also tries to meet any outside faction reps who come into the AB+ areas of the main complex for whatever reason. He encounters a yakuza named Ken Ichiro, who he manages to gravely insult in flawless Japanese, a languagw which he is mostly unfamiliar with. A veteran of the occupation of San Francisco (evidence by his SoCal accent), Ken has a more played back attitude than some yak, so after HCB’s profuse apologies, he lets it slide. After talking for a while, Ken offers HCB a chance to race on the yak’s illicit tracks if he can make out to their area. With a destination in mind, HCB heada back to Malice and procurs his travel pass. He tells Malice a litte about his eventual escape plans, and Malice tells him not to forget all the folks who help him get there.

HCB heads out, and travels as straight as he is able to the yak areas. The paths aren’t really marked, but he actually manages fairly well. He arrives and looks around for a bit before locating Ken. When he does, Ken suggests that HCB try some demo races vs other yak drivers before getting into actual competition (mostly against the neighboring mafiosos). HCB smokes the test races, and quickly moves up to the real thing, all the while gradually customizing and improving his car. The cars are mostly scrap built and vary widely in capability and design. He is being built up for a big race against some mysterious new mafia driver that Ken’s feeling a little nervous about. The races are recorded and smuggled off planet for sale, in both trideo and sim-LS is definitely getting a share, of course. HCB initially focuses solely of driving better than the other racers, but as the the challenges get bigger, he adds on some offensive capability to his vehicle in the form of a scrap metal caltrop drop concealed in the rear. He employs it to limited effect in his first race againt the mysterious mafia racer, which HCB just barely wins. During the second big race (this time on mafia turf), HCB’s car is rammed by a sacrificial mafia car, from which he barely recovers. HCB uses a modified caltrop dropper with a much wider spread to disable a number of the less competitive cars, leaving him and the mafia driver neck and neck for most of the race. HCB once again pulls off a narrow victory.

Ken and the other yak clear out of there pretty quick with HCB as the mafia types are looking pretty pissed. HCB seems to be in good with the yak for now, due to his racing prowess. He makes plans to head for Trogville next…..

up next: can he get the team safely down? can he even protect himself?

The Heist part 2
3/2/2009, 4:20:00 PM
Dramatis Personae
Runners
Harmony Craig Bottow
Ivan the Jackle
“K”
Asp
UltraBoy!
Ramose Hotep
Others
Halfman
One Shot Wade
April O’Mally
Tendo
Remus Chandrasekharan
Thutmose

The team takes a moment to collect themselves under the overpass. They collect weapons and uniforms from the dead and unconscious guards, and take stock of their situation. Ut-Napishtim and others provide some healing to K and Ramose-Hotep, returning them to consciousness. K then provides some magical healing to the team members who need it. Ut fills them in on the plan again, as they seem to have forgotten who it is supposed to go down. Basically, Ut, RH, and UltraBoy! will enter the bank wearing the Spartan uniforms, with the Black Shadows deposit box, make their way to the vault, get the manager to open it, and then take all the contents of the BS safety deposit box, as well as the content of box #317, which is Daedelus’ payment for helping to plan the job, as well as providing hacking cover during the job. The other team members will meanwhile be upstairs doing crowd control and making sure that no alarms get triggered. Should be a breeze, right?

UB! cuts down the legs on one of the troll uniforms, and cuffs the ends of the pants and shirt. Since he is wearing his armor underneath, he looks appropriately bulky. Ut scans the hand and eye of one of the guards, and gives a contact lens and glove to UB! with copies of these scans. The glove molds to UB!‘s hand and takes on his skin color. This will allow him to use the “executive” side entrance on the bank and bypass the scanners. Ut and RH don’t have cyber or metallic weapons on them, so they won’t set off the scanners either. Asp and RH move the bodies of the guards and driver into a ditch on the side of the road. It is decided that HCB will drive the truck with the first group, and then Ivan will follow with the rest, park nearby, and walk the last block or so to the bank. Ut says he will place a device on the back door which should temporarily keep it open and disable the MAD and mil-wave scanners, allowing the rest of the team to enter without triggering alarms.

They embark. The first team arrives, and they all jump out the back of the van while HCB remains inside. UB! uses an external retinal and palm scanner, and gains entrance. The bank manager greets them, and tells them they were getting worried, as the truck was slightly late. He snaps his pocketwatch shut and suggests they proceed downstairs, followed by two guards as expected. They do so, RH and UB! carrying the box. UB! sees Ut place a small metal box on the door frame as they walk thru, but noone else seems to notice. They enter the bank behind the teller counter, and take the stairs to their right down to the basement.

The other team parks, and begins walking to the bank. K decides to take the front door, as he doesn’t have any ’ware or weaponry to set off the still-working scanners there. The rest of the team goes around the side. In the basement, the first team reches the vault, and the manager pulls out a key on a chain, and asks them for their key. The team did not see this coming, and is unsure how to respond. Ut falls back on the old classic of “kick the nearest guard in the face.” UB! stabs the bank manager thru the mouth with his hand blade. The manager seems shocked by the turn of events, as he now has a hole in the side of his face, thru which a number of his teeth just fell out. RH and Ut take out the two guards, who are firing at them with fortuitously silenced SA pistols. UB! tells the team upstairs that they have a problem as they are entering.

The second team, hearing this, comes in thru the side door. HCB tells them he’s looking for a bathroom, and heads out of the teller cage into the lobby. When Ivan and Asp are questioned by the tellers as to who they are and what they doing there, they respond somewhat inneffectively, and one of the tellers reaches for a button under the counter. They attempt to quick draw there guns. Asp does so, but Ivan has less luck and shoots his roomsweeper thru his jacket. They are both yelling at everyone to stay calm and surrender, so that noone gets hurt. Asp also fires in the direction of the teller near the button. Ivan has taken some Cram, and then modified that with some alcohol, and is freaking out a little. K, near the front door, suggests that one guard surrender, but fails on the other. K also attempts to appear approptiately panicked. An alarm starts wailing, the glass on the office to Ivan’s right shatters, and he is hit with a burst of submachine gun fire from the assistant manager, who is crouched behind his desk. A stunned looking elderly couple sits across from, apparently having been mid-conversation. Ivan responds with a grenade, the assistant manager dives over his desk and out the door, and the elderly couple is shredded, as well as the office windows and walls getting blown out. HCB shoots the remaining guard.

Meanwhile, downstairs, Ut is trying to hack his way into the vault, while RH heals the moaning manager a little bit. The manager reaches for his pocket, and UB! tries to stomp on his throat, but steps on RH’s hand instead. The manager triggers a second alarm, which registers a high whine. Security doors begin to close down over the entrances, and K decides to make a quick escape out the front, before the door slams shut. Two other customers got out with him, and he suggests that they go home and never speak of this to anyone, which they do. Ut is slowly progressing on the vault door. HCB and Ivan are trying to control the crowd, and most of the customers lie down and surrender, but the tellers make a run for a staircase leading up at the end of the hall. HCB shoots two customers by the door since the tellers don’t stop, in the hopes that they will take him seriously. They continue fleeing. Asp is running downstairs to see what’s happening down there, since he hasn’t heard from UB! since they entered.

UB! reports that everything is alright, but that the manager triggered a wireless alarm-hence the lockdown. The team is now on a clock, as the first responders will be there within 30 seconds-1 minute of the first alarm being triggered. Ut is nearly thru, and suggests the Asp and UB! head back upstairs while RH watches his back. They do so. UB! intercepts the fleeing tellers at the far end of the hall, using the other stairs up from the vault. He kicks one out of his way and heads upstairs. Asp emerges at the top of the stairs.

For the last few seconds, the team has been receiving meesages from an unknown source on their wireless comms. The meesages are philosophical in nature, questioning the true meaning of existence, perception of time and self, and the purpose and nature of (meta)humanity. Asp is entirely opposed to the positions that the speaker takes on these subjects. The messages end with the mysterious speaker telling the team that his employer has decided that they all must die. One of the customers in the lobby stands back up, and reaches out towards HCB. As he does so, his arm splits open, revealing a minigun begin to cycle up. HCB attempts to shoot him right in the mouth, but Halfman seems to laugh off the damage, telling HCB that this is the first time in a while that he has had to engage his pain editor, and he looks forward to a good fight. HCB dives for cover, but his luck betrays him and he is gunned down in a hail of bullets. The rest of the team surmises that this is Halfman. They are unsure if HCB lives or not. The assistant manager (who had just dived out of his office to avoid Ivan’s grenade) fires on Halfman, who promptly returns fire with somewhat overwhelming force. The manager is quickly shredded into bloody tatters.

In the basement, Ut and RH are into the vault, and Ut gives RH his autopicker to start work on one of the boxes, while he works on the other manually. Outside, K has doubled back to the side entrance, and is astrally projecting back into the bank, where Halfman is spraying the whole lobby with autofire, and making short work of the remaining customers. K sees auras rapidly dimming, and is somewhat horrified at this level of killing. Ivan, meanwhile, has brought the car around front and begins blasting the security door with autocannon shells, making a series of large dents. Asp decides to assault Halfman head on, as he is so offended by his philosophy. K simultaneously attacks Halfman in the astral plane. This seems to be working for a bit, as Halfman has to divide his attentions, but he does considerably more damage to K and Asp then they are able to do to him, and K is forced to retreat as he nears death. He reenters his physical body and heads out front to hide out in Ivan’s car. Inside, no longer distracted, Halfman is pummeling Asp severely.

Fortunately, Ivan’s autocannon shells finally punch thru the front door, with a little help from a bolt of mana from K, seding the security door flying towards the rear of the bank, busting a huge hole thru the bullet-proof teller cage. Halfman and Asp both dive out of the way, but this gives Halfman room to open up with his minigun again, which he does, and Asp is ko’d. Police cars also pull up out front at this point (although this is still only the first responders, so just 3 patrol cars for now). Halfman yells about how much he hates cops over the wireless. Gas begins to pour out of the ceiling in the bank, and most of the team quickly puts on masks, or holds their breath and makes for the exits. Ivan, unfortunately, is still rigging, and passes out quickly, being entirely unaware of the gas. Halfman seems to merely stop breathing.

In the basement, Ut finishes his box, and then quickly finishes off RH’s as well, while RH runs upstairs to help out, grabbing the unconscious Ivan on the way. Ut seems terrified when the team relays that Halfman has arrived, and wishes to make a quick exit. Outside, the cops have left their cars, and two advance on Ivan’s dormant vehicle while the other 6 covert them. They are shouting to put both hands out the window and open the door. K obliges, and gets out. They tell him to get on the ground. Instead, he levitates straight into the sky, superman-like, avoiding most of their gunfire as he does so. However, he is still grievously injured, and decides to make for his home base to recuperate, hoping that the team can make it without him. Upstairs, UB! busts into an executive office, and finds a control panel. He decides to start pressing buttons, and is eventually able to figure out a sequence which shuts off the gas and releases the security doors. He heads back downstairs. The cops are now approaching the front of the bank, having determined Ivan’s car is empty. Halfman wastes 3 of them as they enter the front door. The remaining 3 call for backup, meaning the SWAT team is on it’s way.

Ut and RH (carrying Ivan) dash out the side door while Halfman is distracted, and hole up in the back of the Spartan truck, where RH and Ut team up to quickly heal Ivan. Ivan dives back into his car and pulls away thru the cop car barricade, obliterating another cop with the autocannon as he does so. He tells the car to get around back and meet them at the far end of the alley as they hear Halfman approaching from the bank-he fires on the truck, and the armor dents heavily but holds. Ut tells RH and Ivan to cover their eyes, and chucks a few flashbangs out the back. They all run for the end of the alley, where the car should arrive shortly. Halfman comes charing out of the bank and fires on them, but they manage to avoid the rain of lead, diving into the car, which absorbs much of the damage. Ivan rigs again, speeding back around front to try and rescue some of the team from the lobby. Halfman, frustrated, reenters the bank.

Inside, UB! has run out into the lobby to try and grab some of his teammates. He hauls Asp partway up and is making for the door when Halfman reenters and opens fire. Although Aps absorbs some of the shots, the ones that get thru are enough to Knock UB! unconscious, although they are near to the door. Ivan’s car pulls back around front, surprising the cops, who had not expected it’s return, and had only just gotten into their cars again to chase it. Ivan rams the car blocking th street on the side he is coming in on, and pulls to a stop right in front of the bank door. RH, having quickly equipped his cermeonial armor, jumps out to grab some teammates. They can all hear sirens approaching rapidly-presumably the SWAT team. RH grabs UB! and Asp, and starts hauling them towards the car, but is also gunned down by Halfman, who is approaching the entrance. Ut is screaming at Ivan to get the fuck out of there, but Ivan insists they get the team members, so together they manage to haul RH, Asp, and UB! into the car. The SWAT team arrives in two large trucks, unloading two squads who rapidly deploy into cover and open fire. Halfman steps forth from the front of the bank, and Ivan finally decides it is time to get the hell out of there, even though HCB is still inside. He directs Ut to the rocket launcher in the back, and Ut blasts one of the original patrol cars out of their way as they speed off. The SWAT teams do some damage to the car as they flee, but they seem pretty occupied by Halfman, who is wreaking some pretty severe havock. Ivan alters his morphing license plate to read “Fuck Cops!.”

As they flee, Ivan tells Ut to get up front and man the dash mounted machine gun, which Ut sets up on it’s pintle. He begins firing at any cars still in the street to clear a path, leading to a lot of civilian vehicles swerving wildly to either side, and pedestrians diving for cover. Ivan is freaking out, the cram and alcohol combo seems to be affecting him something bad. He hears a helicopter, and looking up, sees one bearing down on them from straight ahead, a few stories above the traffic. He nails it with the autocannon, sending it spinning out of control into a nearby building, where it crumples and crashes to the ground in flames. As they drive by, Ivan and Ut clearly see the Hermes News logo on the side. April gets a call shortly thereafter from her producer (Karen Cortez) that April’s cameraman and friend Yann Tilberg, was horribly injured while covering a chase in progress. Viewing the footage, April recognizes Ivan’s car.

Meanwhile, the (mostly unconscious) team is fleeing in Ivan’s car, and making tracks for the undercity, where they hope they will be safe. Ivan morphs his plate back to something regular. Once Ivan is doubly sure that they aren’t being followed, and Ut has gone over everything a couple times with a scanner and tag eraser, the team calls Wade to meet up, and head to an abandoned warehouse. Ut takes his share and skedaddles, as well as taking Daedelus’ box to drop off. Wade pays the team well (10% of the total haul, plus medical at Doc Todd’s). Wade also tells the team that Tendo (a now ex-PC member) snitched them out to the Black Shadows on this job. Apparently he held a grudge against Ivan for outing him as an ork poser and getting him arrested for boosting cars. Wade gives Ivan the address where Tendo is holed up, and tells him that there might be a few BS guards.

April calls Ivan, and tells him he better help Yann out in any way he needs, or else she will be holding him personally responsible (which, techinically, he is). Ivan tries to talk her down a little, but is not very successful. He heads over to Tamany Clark’s chopshop/scrapyard and quickly removes the catbomb, just in case Yann dies or something else sends April over the edge. He keeps the detonator on his dash. The rest of the team heals up and lays low, after splitting up the money. They hear that K got away all right, and get him his share as well. They meet up at Slot to talk about future plans and commemorate HCB, who was arrested by Lonestar and sentenced to hard time on Deimos. They also hire Remus at a group rate to hack their collective datatrails, clean up the car’s records, etc. They also watch some news footage of the heist, and see that after they left, Halfman continued his shootout for another minute or so, appearing to finally take some damage, before escaping in a hijacked SWAT van, which has since been found stripped of parts in the undercity. They also find out that they are all wanted, with at least some trideo of each of them, although most have not been positively id’d. RH calls Thutmose to apologize for disgracing Heliopolis, and Thutmose tells him not to return until he has redeemded himself. The team agrees to deal with Tendo after they’ve all healed up, as nobody likes a snitch.

Meanwhile, in a Lonestar holding facility in the upper city: HCB awakens briefly for the first time since his arrest (he was briefly revived and then beaten heavily). A Lonestar judge sentences him to 15-20 years hard labor on Deimos Prison Moon after reviewing trideo and testimony from the heist. HCB next regains consciousness to a NeoNET rep sitting across a table from him in what seems to be an interrogation room. She tells him that he has no idea how expensive it has been to get in to see him, but that fortunately NeoNET is on good terms with Lonestar, and so they have arranged it. NN of course wants their proprietary tech back from HCB, and plans to remove it before he begins his sentence. The rep signals to someone behind HCB, who tries to turn, but finds himself immobilized. He hears a saw start up, and then quickly passes out from the pain as they cut into his skull. He awakens next in a holding cell, waiting for the next shipment to Deimos. His skull feels fragile, and he has a large scar on the left side of his head (the hair around the area is stubbly-it seems he’s been out for a few days at least). He can;t access any of his ‘ware to see what they took, but he definitely feels like something is missing. Now he just has to let the Johnson know that he’s in, and get the mission details.

Next up: The prison moon-will anyone come to help HCB complete his mission?

A Trip to Little Memphis Pt 3 and The Heist
2/16/2009, 11:19:00 AM
Dramatis Personae
Runners
Harmony Craig Bottow
Ivan the Jackle
“K”
Asp
UltraBoy!
Ramose Hotep
Others
Lefty
Madame Gavral
Thutmose
Tamany Clark
Jerl
Mikko Asparen
One Shot Wade
Ut-Napishtim
Long Pig
Daedelus

The team decides to burn the wendigo’s body, not being sure how else to halt its regeneration permanently. Since they are still in a wireless dead zone, they are unable to research further for now. The ghoul that K dropped on the fire previously has roasted fairly well by now, and the fire quickly begins to consume the large beast. The cave quickly begins filling with acrid black smoke and the stench of burning fur. HCB records this. Asp heals Lefty’s damage with supplies from his veterinary first aid kit. RH slumps over as his auto-injected drugs wear off, and appears heavily exhausted. Asp warns Ultraboy! that this is the danger of drugs, but UB! doesn’t seem to care what the “old man” says. In the back room, Ivan exits the lynx and examines the stack of boxes that UB! found.

There are six boxes, and as he lifts one from the stack to examine it, he notices a spray painted Olympus Prime logo on the side. He checks the other boxes, and they all bear the same mark. HCB and Ivan open two boxes, and find some leaves, mushroom caps, stems, ores, and such carefully packed inside. They ask K to identify them, and he verifies that they are unprocessed components of magical compounds, although he can’t specifically identify any of them. They intuit that this is probably at least some of Madame Gavral’s missing supply, as they had id’d one of the ghouls as her missing courier. Ivan and HCB begin piling up the boxes outside the cave entrance.

K checks out the area around the entrance, and discovers a few sets of tracks coming from one of the other nearby cave mouths. He assumes these were the ghouls that they just fought, and suggests they investigate, as they may find more supplies, and thus get more money. HCB, Ivan, and Asp initially disagree, although Ivan and HCB come around when Ramose-Hotep volunteers to go in first. Asp ignores them, and orders Lefty back to the car, forgetting that Lefty cannot travel thru the closed smuggler’s tunnel, lacking opposable thumbs to open the door. Asp calls Lefty back, and begins carrying the boxes they did find towards the tunnel, with the assistance of Ultraboy!.

Meanwhile, K astrally projects into the cave mouth, and travels a short ways in before seeing a water spirit ahead. It appears bound to it’s location, and doesn’t follow him back out. He tells the rest of the team, and Asp informs them that he can’t help them in the cave, as water spirits are especially offended by the terrible and unnatural scarring of his astral presence. The team decides to throw in a tear gas grenade, Ivan gives one to K, and he flings it right into the middle of the cave mouth. They hear a small explosion and gas pours out of the entrance. RH enters the cave, travels a short ways using ultrasound vision, and decides he needs to sleep immediately. He lays down, and is soon in a realm of dreams. HCB, after 30 seconds or so of silence, decides to follow RH in. He relies on thermo-graphic vision, and detects a large presence lying in wait-another terrible beast? Upon further inspection, it is only RH. HCB also decides to go to sleep, although he announces this intent over the subvocal mic.

K, hearing this, decides that something is up, and astrally enters the still gas-filled cave (all of the team members have been wearing gas masks/chemical seals). He once again encounters the water spirit. It launches an small orb of water at him as he near the auras of his sleeping companions-they appear to be under some sort of spell. K takes some damage from the orb, but then successfully suggests to the spirit that it leaves them alone. It does, but does not leave its position. K decides to pull out, and returns to his body. He then physically enters the cave to retrieve his still-unconscious teammates. He is struggling to figure out how exactly to wake them up, and decides to take off HCB’s mask to get a better look. HCB awakens in a coughing fit, but manages to overcome the toxins and get his mask back on with minimal injury. He then awakens RH in the same fashion, after trying to nudge him awake doesn’t work.

The three leave the cave, vowing never to tell anyone else what happened within. They tell the rest of the team that they encountered a spirit guard and decided not to go further, since there probably wasn’t anything there anyway. Everyone heads back to the tunnel with the lat of the boxes, and begins traveling thru. Halfway there, their wireless comes back on, much to Ivan’s relief. He begins checking the are with the car’s sensors, while RH opens the door at the opposite end. While holding it open, and looking out, he is slashed in the throat and head repeatedly by a clawed hand emerging from the cover of a nearby bush. He falls unconscious, although his armor prevents any serious damage. The door falls shut as he crumples. Ivan deploys the autocannon, blasts the bush, and calls out “clear” as a spray of blood and viscera covers a few square meters of the magical barrier nearby.

The team exits the tunnel, and enters the car, heading back to Heliopolis with RH’s cousin’s body in the (refrigerated) trunk. The drive is uneventful, and they once again pass thru a gate guarded by crocodile-headed men. They park, and upon RH’s suggestion, make for the temple of Hathor to receive some sexual healing, get a drink, and sit for a minute. Asp plays with Lefty in the street outside. Lacking money, most of the team settles in at the bar and orders drinks, but K gives the temple a 100 nuyen donation for an hour of one of the acolytes time. UB! decides not to, since Ivan doesn’t. K picks the most standard, unmodified human he can find. He spends the first ten minutes crying inconsolably over the loss of his legs, and then collects himself. He feels much better afterward-he has not been with a woman since then since the accident, and finds it less shameful than he initially feared.

HCB, Ivan, and UB! sit in the bar. Ivan opens a tab, and buys everyone drinks. He looks around for anyone interesting, and failing to find anyone, tells stories to UB! once again. Ivan really enjoys the attention. HCB convinces the bartender to broadcast some Crod Stompaz songs over the system, and holds forth on the undercity music scene. Eventually, K emerges, and they exit the bar to return to Mars City and get paid. Ivan tells Kano (the bartender) that UB! is picking up the tab, which he does, admiring how Ivan got him so good. Ivan receives a call from Wade, telling him that the heist job that he’s been planning with Ut is about ready. Ivan says the team will be back shortly.

Across town at the main temple of Thoth, RH has brought his cousin’s body in for the proper burial rites, and meets up with Thutmose. RH fills Thutmose in on the mission, the ghouls, and the possible involvement of Olympus Prime. Thutmose tells RH that OP has been making inroads in Heliopolis, since some of the schismatics are also against terraforming, as they believe it might destroy or obscure ancient relics and temples left behind by the gods in their flight. Thutmose believes that OP hasn’t been acting openly, but he has heard rumors of them recruiting on the sly, and presumes they are planning something big since they have been stealing and apparently hoarding magical supplies (unless they are selling them to unknown sources for funding, of course). Thutmose says he will investigate further, and that he will probably have some work for RH in the near future-Thutmose fears there may be traitors within Heliopolis.

RH returns to his quarters at the temple of Hathor, changes out of his armor into his everyday ceremonial clothing, and then exits thru the bar, encountering Asp and the rest of the team outside. They tell him they are headed back to city to take on a job from Ivan’s gang. RH says that he is going to stay in Heliopolis, as this is his home. Ivan convinces him to come with, since they will be attacking a heathen financial institution, which is the proper domain of Hathor, and also that the Black Shadows, whose money they will be taking, are totally evil. RH eventually agrees, and goes back to Thutmose to get approval. Thutmose agrees, after RH promises not to give Helipolis a bad name, and also to kick back a good portion of his earnings in the usual tithe. The team loads into the car and departs.

Upon arriving back in Mars City, they contact Madame Gavral and tell her they’ve got the stuff. They request she meet them in the undercity, but she refuses, saying she needs the wards around her shop to protect her from her enemies. They agree to meet her there, after she advances them enough on the payment to disguise the car. Ivan purchases morphin license plates and an ID spoofer from Tamany Clark’s chopshop, and Clark informs him that his oil slick sprayer is ready. Ivan, lacking the money currently, says he will return later. Clark offers to delay payment on the install labor for the mods until then as well. Ivan accepts.

Meanwhile, Asp and K take a cab to Gavral’s, where they discuss the job and wait for the rest of the team to arrive. HCB, UB!, and RH go to Slot, where HCB has Jerl meet them with some less obtrusive clothes for RH. Jerl brings a bondage suit that he wears onstage, and which is both too loose and too short for RH, as he is both tall and thin for a troll. He looks less obviously out of place, but still very odd. Ivan picks them up after his mods are finished, and they head for Gavral’s.

Upon arrival, Madame Gavral instructs the them to pull around back, and load in thru the alley entrance. They do so, and Gavral has an employee take over the storefront as she sorts and catalogues the haul. She says it appears to be most of her last shipment, and is very glad to have it. The team informs her of the courier’s fate and the scene at the farm, and she says she has heard some of that just recently from her contacts in Heliopolis. She says it is always a shame to lose a good employee, and that she will need to get some people out to Heliopolis to re-establish regular shipments. Ivan tells her a very crass rendition of their various encounters on the job, playing up the gore and violence. She seems impressed, and offers a little extra money for hazard pay, especially given that they survived an encounter with a wendigo, which she properly id’s for them. The team finds out that Scrounge already collected part of the pay for the job, and didn’t even help out. They get the rest of the money, less the advance, and depart.

Asp and UB! buy subvocal mics and micro-tranceivers to fit in with the rest of the team, and everyone refills their various supplies. They agree to meet up at Wade’s in a day and a half to get the job info for the heist. Asp has posted an ad offering to take in and care for any strays/unwanted pets/etc. that people encounter. He doesn’t get any immediate calls-lots of undercity residents rely on those same animals for free protein and calories. K begins researching some new spells to learn, now that his talismonger is resupplied. Ivan works on repairing the lynx. UB! buys a handheld trideo recorder and shoulder mount, so that he can record his future exploits to show to Ultraman. UB! is also looking for some explosives, but doesn’t have enough money to buy anything powerful right now.

HCB contacts Mikko Asparen and discusses leaving the corp life behind permanently. Mikko masks their call, and warns HCB that the corp won’t let him leave easily, as he has some of their tech and a lot of private knowledge, in his head. HCB ponders faking his own death, but then decides that he has a better idea: he will get arrested for something which will get him sent to the Deimos moon-prison. The corp might extract it’s tech, if they can, but they probably won’t kill him on Lonestar’s jurisdiction. He decides he will take the Mr Johnson from the Azzie drug raid up on his standing job offer to infiltrate the moon, and extract a certain person. The team hasn’t heard from Mr Johnson in a while, but HCB hopes the job is still available. He doesn’t inform the rest of the team yet, although he runs his plan by Remus and April, who both offer him slight encouragement, but don’t seem interested in going along.

The team then meets up at Wade’s the next day, and he and Ut fill them in on the job. Ut tells them that they hacked the hardrive that the team stole from Long Pig’s safe, and that it contained financial data, from which they were able to eventually reconstruct the money laundering set-up that the the Black Shadows use to route their income into respectable financial institutions. Ut tells the team that they had a lot of help hacking from a friend named Daedelus: initially Ut and Wade didn’t believe he was the team’s friend, and assumed it was a trap, but Daedelus knew all the proper watchwords and provided satisfactory proof, so they cut him in on the job.

Ut says: The money laundering operation works like this: the Black Shadows get deposits for their ransoms/extortions/etc. in one-time use secure accounts via matrix transfers. They also sometimes get payment in precious metals, information, and other mediums, but we’ll ignore those for now. They download the money from the matrix to secure credsticks via undercity banks. They then transfer the credsticks to an uppercity bookie, who launders the money through its gambling operation, and then transfers it back to secure credsticks, which are taken by armored truck to a private upper city bank and deposited, along with any non-money payments, in a safety deposit box. This leaves their funds less vulnerable to hacking, and covers their trail pretty well, if angry ex-victims or the cops or whoever go looking for the money.

The plan is to first hit the bookie’s. It’s in an mafia controlled area above the warehouse district, and is probably paying “protection” money, but since it’s not actually mob-ru (they’re more into BTL’s and the like), they probably won’t care too much if it gets hit. So the team needs to take over the bookie’s without alerting any external security or setting off any alarms, and then needs to get one or two guys ready, in uniform, to get on the armored truck with the day’s shipment of credsticks. Obviously, they can’t let the guys on the truck see anything irregular at the bookies, so they need to hit it pretty quietly and quickly-get in and out before anyone notices. They can’t hit the truck when it arrives since the area is too busy and populated-there’s a bunch of pawn shops, drug dens, and the like around. Daedelus is going to hack the wireless security link and any nearby cameras to keep scrutiny away from the bookies for the 10-minute window the team will have to take it over before the truck gets there.

Once they got some guys on the truck, the team is going to wait until it goes under a certain overpass on it’s route (Ut sends an ARO map to all the members), and the halt the truck and take it over. It’s a Spartan Armored Car, and should have two guards (probably trolls) in back, and 1 or 2 guys upfront. Their cars usually go wireless or in hidden mode to avoid hacking. Daedelus is going to be hacking cameras again, as well as diverting traffic via NavGrid to allow the team to operate unmolested. They need to take over the car with minimal damage, since they’ll need it to get into the bank.

Once they have the truck, they will get the uniforms off the guards and drive to the bank, arriving as close to on schedule as possible to avoid any unnecessary questions. They will park in the secure lot by the bank’s side/business entrance, and two or three guys (however many uniforms they can get) will go in with the shipment, and meet up with the bank manager. The bank will be using MAD and millimeter-wave scanners, so anybody with illegal cyber-mods, or anybody who relies on conventional weaponry, should probably not be in this group. There is also a separate entrance for preferred clients, with biometric scanners, if they can figure a way to get thru that. The team convinces Ut to go with them at this point, so this group will be made up of: Ut, Asp, and RH, since none of them have any cyberware.

Ut then explains that this team will need to temporarily or permanently disable the scanners, so the rest of the team can get in soon after without triggering the alarms. The first group will go down to the basement vault with the manager, and probably two bank guards. They will incapacitate the guards and manager once the vault is open, without setting off any alarms, and will then raid the BS deposit boxes, as well as one box whose contents Daedelus has requested as payment for its assistance (Wade, Ut, Asp, and RH are unaware of Daedelus’ nature-Ivan informs UB!). Meanwhile, the team upstairs will have gained control of the situation, by closing off the exits and pulling the tellers, guards, and any assistant managers away from their stations, which are surely equipped with alarms. The team upstairs could also collect loose credticks and various small valuables from any clients that are present. Daedelus says it can handle jamming wireless signals leaving the bank, but that the alarms also probably have hard-wired components, so it would be best if they didn’t go off at all.

If any alarms are triggered, but no specific information is sent out, the first responders will be a few cars of Lonestar street cops, who will ascertain the nature of the problem and call in backup as needed. They will arrive in about a minute, give or take a few seconds for variables. If somebody actually gets them some info, they will respond with appropriate force initially. If anything really heavy goes down, Daedelus might need to get out of there to cover his tracks, so that he can’t get traced back. Wade tells the team that collateral damage isn’t an issue on any part of this mission, as long as it doesn’t compromise the mission, and that the success of the mission is the most important thing.

The team briefly discusses their plan, and then heads out. RH purchases a cermaic knife from Wade. Asp leaves Lefty and his gear behind. Ivan steals a car, which HCB and UB! drive to the bridge ambush site and park. They remain there. The rest of the team goes to the bookies. Ut, having said he will meet them there, is giving an entrancing perfromance across the street, distracting the nearby pedestrians. RH almost gets sucked in, but pulls himself out of it. He goes around the side of the building after Ivan discovers what looks like a loading door there. They wait while Asp and K go in thru the front. There are two clerks behind thick glass, and two customers in the lobby. K suggests that one clerk go into the back room and open the loading door. He does so, as one of the customers starts hollering about “where’s my money!” “that guy jusy wandered off!” and so forth. Asp tries to talk him down unsuccessfully, and K eventually suggests he quiet down and relax, which he does.

The loading door opens, and RH lobs in a prepared neuro-stun grenade. The surprised looking clerk who opened the door drops, as does one of the guards inside. RH also takes a blast of the gas right in the face, but stays conscious. He runs into the room, ignoring a silenced shot from the guard’s pistol, and knifes the guard in the throat. Ivan enters and finishes him off with his silenced room sweeper. Out front, they hear some popping and thudding from the back room, and the remaining clerk grabs something under the counter and heads for the door, to the protests of the customers. K fries the clerk with a bolt which emerges seemingly from nowhere above his head. The clerk drops the sawed-off shotgun he was holding. Asp paralyzes one of the customers with a nerve strike, and then does the same to the other, who froze up during all this. Ivan tries to hack the camera system he finds in the back room, with no success, and then decides to just take the mono-filament chainsaw to it, and rips the devices up right good.

Asp ko’s the 2 paralyzed customers by repeatedly punching them in the head. K comes to the back room, while Asp watches the front door. K and RH find the secure boxes by the loading door, and RH rips the arms off one of the guards’ jackets to provide his disguise. K decides not to accompany RH in the truck, since they can’t find a big enough bag or box to hide him in. Ivan stacks all the bodies behind the counter out front. Asp tells him to hide the customer’s bodies too-Ivan executes them, and then hides with K behin the counter once the truck arrives. RH opens the loading door, one of the Spartan guards scans the secure boxes, and RH gets aboard. One of the guards mocks him for being so thin for a troll. There are, as expected, two troll guards and 1 human driver.

Once he’s in, Asp sends a comm message to HCB and UB! that they’re on their way, and phase 1 is complete. Ivan and K head for Ivan’s car, while Asp exits out the front-he signals Ut, whi wishes his audience goodbye, and then disappears in a cloud of smoke, quickly reappering next to Asp at the door, changed out of his performance clothes into his sneaking suit. He tells Asp to head for the car while he fuses the lock on the door. He then joins the team in the car, and they head for the truck ambush site.

RH prepares 2 more neuro-stun grandeas in his pockets, and plans that he will set them off once he feels the truck slowing, near where his ARO indicates the site is. UB! gets out and hides next to the stolen car, while HCB waits in the driver’s seat. The rest of the team follows the armored car until they see the bridge coming up, and then pull up alongside. K suggests the driver (the windows are only partially tinted) pull over and get out under the overpass. As the truck approaches the overpass, it begins to slow, and RH sets off his grenades in the back. They quickly flash and RH and one of the guards slump unconscious in their seats, the other barely stays awake. He begins pounding on the wall separating the back from the cab, as he can’t see the intercom button in the smoke. The truck has stopped at this point, and the driver seems to be still planning to get out, when he sees UB! running towards him with a grenade launcher and snaps to his senses. He floors it, and peels out. Asp jumps out of Ivan’s cab and runs for the truck.

HCB decides to try to ram the truck with his stolen car, and accelerates a little too rapidly, zipping past the front of the truck and smashing into the pylon behind it. He escapes injury and doesn’t even go flying or anything due to the realtively low-speed impact, but the car is pretty trashed. Ivan cuts in front of the truck with his cab to try and slow it down, by aggressively cutting it off, and hoping it can’t just ram thru him too easily. Behind the truck, Asp sees the back door swing open, and a cloud of smoke pour out. He puts on an impressive burst of speed, and ends with a powerful leap, grabbing onto the rear bumper and beginning to follow suit. UB! attempts to imitate him, but misses by a few feet and falls flat on his face, bruising his body (and also his dignity) in the process. HCB runs after the truck, firing blindly, but does no damage.

The remaining troll guard tries to stomp on Asp’s hands, but seems woozy from the neuro-stun and misses. Asp is able to reach up and throw him off the truck while hauling himself up. The troll rolls and skids down the road, and is shortly unconscious. HCB walks up and executes him, and then begins stripping him of his uniform. From Ivan’s cab, K attempts to blast the driver with magical energies, but misses, and passes out from the mental drain of all his strenuous spellcasting. Ivan deploys the autocannon, and points it at the driver, while Asp, in the back, suggests over the now-visible intercom, that if the driver pulls over they they will let him go. The driver doesn’t believe him until Asp swears on his dead wife, and then he pulls over just short of the end of the overpass’ concealment.

Asp grabs the shotgun off the unconscious troll guard in the back, and heads out to where the driver is standing. UB! is holding him at gun- (grenade-?)point. Asp orders him to strip, and then paralyzes him while he is bent over taking off his uniform pants. It is very difficult to get his pants the rest of the way off, but they manage. Asp then ko’s the paralyzed driver, and tells the rest of the team that he will personally hurt them if they try to kill the driver, since he swore to let him go. Everyone thinks he’s a softie, but they also know he’s tough, so noone seems to wish to fuck with him. They now have two unconscious trolls in the back of the truck (on of whom is supposed to be entering the bank in the first wave), 3 uniforms (two of which are troll sized), and an unconscious mage. Fortunately, the truck is largely undamaged (aside from some denting on the front where it rammed Ivan’s car) and they are still on time, and seemingly unnoticed.

Next up: can they pull off phase 3?

A Trip to Little Memphis pt 2
2/12/2009, 3:03:00 PM
Dramatis Personae
Runners
Harmony Craig Bottow
Ivan the Jackle
“K”
Asp
UltraBoy!
Ramose Hotep
Others
Lefty

The team, plus Ramose-Hotep, load into Ivan’s cab for the drive to the farm. Ivan and Ultraboy! once again trade tails to the horror of Asp. K scouts ahead astrally, noticing that both Asp and RH give off particular signatures on the astral plane-Asp’s is especially glaring. He also discovers a huge and powerful dual-plane barrier just beyond the farm’s location. Ivan, accepting a dare, tries to drive really fast, and nearly wipes out, but recovers quickly. Asp and K are launched into each other by the car’s sudden halt, giving K a bloody nose. RH is terrified of the speed. HCB is not impressed.

Ivan is still driving pretty fast as they near the farm, and doesn’t notice the concealed spike strip which springs up and shreds his tires. The car screeches to a halt again. Ivan and HCB exit and begin repairin/replacing the flats, and HCB drops a bunch of lugnuts all over. Ivan is slightly upset. He deploys the lynx to watch his back. The rest of the team gets out to check out the area, and try and find the hidden farm. Using thermographic vision, they pick up some heat signatures around the edges of a nearby rocky outcropping, and decide to approach. Asp leads, and calls a halt when he notices part of a ring of small concealed sensors embedded in the ground. Most of the rest of the team do not recognize his military signals, however, and he has to stop to explain. Ivan reclines in the cab after fixing the last tire, and dives into the lynx. The team throws some rocks into area within the sensors, which has no effect. They then destroy the nearest two, which also has no effect. HCB then decides to walk thru, which does have an effect.

One of the heat signatures moves, and the team sees a door swing open in the side of the rocky outcropping ahead. Some spiky mastiff-sized dogs approach aggressively. The team tries to respond, but misses with their initial shots, and then the dogs are on them. The lynx, and HCB both take damage, but RH manages to shrug his off, due to his troll hide and massive ceremonial armor. They counter-attack, felling two of the dogs. K manages to do a killing blow to the one in front of RH with a bolt of magic called from the sky, causing RH to believe that his gods have intervened in his favor. Asp attempts a non-lethal strike, but doesn’t succeed. The remaining dog takes another bite out of HCB before they put it down. As it dies, it lets out a terrible howl, which seems to slow most of the team members down quite a bit. The dogs don’t seem to have been fully natural.

The team approaches the cage-it is soundproofed, and now empty. They open the concealed door on the adjacent structure (the other heat signature) and jump when RH is hit in the face by a mop falling over. This room just has a lot of random supplies and heat generating engines inside. Both sheds are under a rock ledge that juts from the side of the outcropping, concealing their heat signatures from airborne surveillance. The team circles the outcropping, and finds a door carved out of the rock, that seems to be open a slit. K tries to project inside, but can’t force his way thru the living earth. RH opens the door and enters.

The room inside is trashed-shelves are tipped over, and bit of debris, food, and such are strewn around the floor. There are bloodstains aplenty, but no bodies. There is also a second door, in the back of the room. HCB cautions the team to be careful, as he smells some explosive residue, and this room doesn’t look like it was damaged by an explosion. Ultraboy! examines the door, and notice a trap set to it. K and Asp leave the room, Ivan pulls the car around. He manages to disarm it (it was fairly basic) and opens the door. Inside, they find the corpse of RH’s cousin, clutching a detonator for the explosives. There is also a small amount of magical items on the processing counter nearby, next to some scales and measuring devices. Asp searches the body for clues-he appears to have died from a series of deep cuts. He also finds a note, saying that “they came at night, and the rest of his team had been killed, and that he hoped to try to escape and bring word to Heliopolis once he was sure they had left. for now, he had set a trap in case they returned-he would not let them take him alive. he thinks they may have headed back to the crater, but is going to wait a bit longer to be sure. he is very tired.” RH translates this from the heirogyphics/script combination it is written in.

The team decides to head for the crater. K projects ahead, and figures that the enormous mana barrier he saw earlier marks the edge of the forbidden zone, and tells the group as much. However, they deduce that the smugglers must have had a way in and out, so Asp decides to try to track the group that left the farm back towards the crater, hoping to find their secret entrance. He gets a little ways, and then loses the trail, although he has a fairly good idea which direction to go. Th team continues along this route, until they see the shimmering barrier at the edge of the crater and halt. Asp once again searches for tracks, and finds an ATV trail along the barrier edge, which they follow to a concealed stone door set into the ground, near where they ATV track turn around. RH opens the door without further investigation, triggering an explosion which he manages to mostly avoid. However, UB!, who was nearby, is heavily injured in the blast.

The team then enters the tunnel, and crawls thru, losing wireless comms halfway, when they cross the barrier. Ivan instructs his car to fight back against anyone who arrives, and then to flee if it takes more than half-damage. They emerge from the far side of the tunnel, and see some firelight flickering from the mouth of the nearest cave set into the craterside. K astrally projects to see if their entrance was noticed, and encounters two watcher spirits approaching Asp’s strobing astral presence. He convinces the spirits to ignore the team, and they depart. But he is worried about Asp endangering the team, as he seems especially worried about water spirits, claiming they hate him for experiments he was forced to partake in back on Earth. They approach-K levitating while Asp sneaks and the rest of the party hangs back. Asp tries to signal that he sees three people around a fire inside, but the rest of the team is somewhat confused, and UB! decides to approach, to clarify. He makes too much noise, and one of the men comes to the cave entrance. Asp shoots him with a taser and knocks him unconscious, and then enters the cave with UB! with their guns out and tells the two remaining men to freeze. They comply.

The rest of the team comes up and they begin questioning the men. The men appear somewhat pale and sickly, and have longer than usual fingernails. They find out that the man they knocked out was the courier they were seeking, which they confirm with the picture Madame Gavral provided. They say they have been hiding in these caves, avoiding whatever is that is out there and has been killing their friends. Asp heals the courier a little, and he regains consciousness and rejoins them around the fire. They offer the team some of the meat that they are cooking. Asp refuses on grounds that it might not on kosher, and RH refuses for similar religious reasons. Everyone else partakes. They begin to feel ill almost instantly, and while questioning what the meat is, one of the men attacks Asp, and the other RH. The fight quickly ends, with two of the men dead, and the courier once again unconscious. They tie him up, and K levitates him to prevent him fleeing.

Meanwhile, UB! and RH have decided to check out the rest of the cave. They wander down the passage aways, and find a dead end, with some stacked boxes. They are pretty sure this is what they are looking for, and both feel a sudden and powerful urge to get the rest of the team back here, and they call out to them. Ivan And HCB join them and ask what they found-as UB! turns to reply, he is sent flying by a blow from a huge hand that swings out from the shadows along the nearby wall. A huge stone-colored furred beast emerges and attacks RH. Ivan slumps to the floor as he brings the lynx back and begins firing, and the rest of the team attacks. K and Asp rush to the area after hearing gunshots, leaving Lefty by the front entrance. K halts the levitation spell on the prisoner when he leaves, accidentally dropping him in the fire, which he doesn’t notice.

RH, Asp, and UB! are all attacking the beast in close combat, as HCB and the lynx attempt to fire between them, and K floats overhead providing spell support. The team is impressed by Asp’s two weapon fighting prowess, involving careful balancing of offense and defense, and swift, brutal counterattacks. However, for all the damage they are dealing to the beast, it seems to be healing rapidly enough to ignore much of it. Meanwhile, it is dealing out some serious hurt to the surrounding team members. Eventually, it seems to be weakening, and finally drops to the ground, leaving the team exhausted. K flies back to the front room, and discovers Lefty confronting a group of 5 more ill-looking humans (which the team has decided are ghouls, based on popular myths and trideo/sim programs). Lefty’s barks and growls were apparently inaudible over the combat in the rear of the cave.

Ivan has the lynx stand over his body while he observes the beast’s corpse to make sure it it actually dead. HCB suggests they burn it, when they have time, believing that he once read a sci-fi story where that worked with this kind of monster. The rest of the team returns to the front of the cave to fight the additional ghouls. Once they realize they have been spotted the ghouls stop trying to placate the dog and attack-1 on Lefty, the other 4 racing towards the team. Lefty takes serious damage, and goes on defense, as Asp races to his aid. K calls down magical attacks on the other four, while UB! launches grenades and RH closes in for the kill with his ceremonial vibroblade. They quickly finish off all 5 ghouls, with limited injury, much of which comes from and errant grenade shot from UB!. UB! and RH return to the back room to grab the boxes they found and make their exit.

Next up: can they escape the crater intact? did they find the answers they were seeking?

Olympus Prime is behind ghoul infestation-has been corrupting captured smugglers and suppliers. has been hoarding magical supplies and selling them to drive prices up, while selling some items on black and gray markets to raise funds.

Into Long Pigs Lair pt 3 and a Trip to Little Memphis
2/12/2009, 1:45:00 PM
Dramatis Personae
Runners
April O’Mally
Remus Chandrasekharan
Harmony Craig Bottow
Ivan the Jackle
“K”
Asp
Ramose Hotep
UltraBoy!
Others
Daedelus
One Shot Wade
Long Pig
Ut-Napishtim
John Caruthers
Madame Gavral
Yann Tillberg
Karen Cortez
Romulus Chandrasekharan
Tamany Clark
Kano
Thutmose

Ut and April rig the last of her c4 to the side of the wastechamber, and blow it open-it begins draining into the public sewers below. The team quickly drops down, motivated by the gunfire and grenades from the BS goons above. They begin making their way thru the sewers out of BS turf. They come across a t-intersection near the edge, and come under fire from the walkway opposite-some goons are crouched behind some stonework and in some alcoves in the sewer walls. Ut dives into the flowing sewage (he is wearing a fully enclosed suit) as does HCB. The rest of the team goes prone or takes cover where possible.

HCB fires and clips a goon, but is felled by machine gun fire in response. April jumps into the sewage to attempt to help him, and is herself knocked unconscious. K drops his levitating friend, and tries to start healing people, but is distracted by the shooting and explosions. The lynx provides covering fire a Ivan dives into the sewage. He dispatches one goon with a grenade-he attempts to throw it back, but fumbles it and takes a dive into the sewer to save his friends. It detonates underwater, limiting the blast. Ivan takes some fire in response, but Ut emerges from the sludge and sprays that goon with burst fire from behind, quickly dispatching him. Two goons remain, and the team is looking rough-Ivan takes a lucky shot at one and does some damage, as the lynx continues to fire, finishing off that goon (the lynx is also severely damaged at this point). As one of the goons leans out to take a shot at Ivan, Ut emerges from the sludge again, and lodges a knife in her throat, sending her tumbling back into her alcove, dead.

K spends a few round healing his nearly deceased team members, and then they make their escape from the sewers, piling into Ivan’s cab with the remaining captives, all of whom survived the sewer shootout, largely due to the lynx’s distracting fire. Ivan gets a message from Wade that the hospital was a trap, and to watch his back at the mansion, which had apparently been jammed whilst in BS turf and the sewers. They drive to PC turf (finally! back on safe ground). The team hires a cab and sends the captives to the hospital. April busts open a fire hydrant, and they all hose off. She then decides to head for the same hospital, to heal up and try to get some exclusive. She leaves her gear with Ivan, and buys some disposable paper clothes. She contacts Yann to meet her at the hospital with clothes, make-up and a camera, and then calls Karen, to tell her about her exclusive take on the rescue.

Karen is impressed-she had just heard about the arrival of the disoriented captives at the hospital. She temporarily lifts April’s suspension, and tells her that her hospital bills will go on the corporate account, since April convinces her that she was injured in the course of pursuing leads in this story. She goes to the hospital and heals, and then attempts to get an interview with the captives. Only John Caruthers accepts, and quickly wishes he hadn’t, as April suggests that the loss of his legs, as well as his kidnapping in general, were his fault, and were possibly deserved. She also gives him a really creepy wink, in an attempt to alert him to the fact that she was one of his saviors. He ends the interview. Yann is disturbed by April’s behavior; she has been having more and more trouble understanding emotions and feelings, which seem increasingly irrelevant to her. Karen extends her April’s suspension, and tells her she doesn’t want her working at all, as she is starting to become somewhat of a liability. April decides to take a break for awhile to heal and figure some things out.

Meanwhile, the rest of the team returns to Ivan’s cab, and discovers that both Ut and the detachable harddrive are missing, a note says “see you later-”the escapist””. Remus begins decrypting the credsticks, and gets three of them open, for a fairly large chunk of change, but wipes the fourth on a failed attempt. The team drives to Daedelus’ warehouse, which is positively imposing now, and sells it the bag it requested. It seems thrilled, and compliments the team on their continued good working relationship. Remus gets contact from his brother Romulus, and decides to go hideout for awhile, as there are a wide variety of folks are looking for him, and he is a bit wary of the rumors he has heard of Halfman. Romulus tells him that both Weyland-Yutani and Aztechnology have seperately offered to protect him from his other enemies if he will sell out the rest of his team. Remus decides to find a safehouse thru his Hack the Planet connections, and ponder the offer. The rest of the team heads to Wade’s.

They drop off the pistols, and discover Ut and Wade planning a job to hit the BS’ main money laundering operation. Wade wants revenge for the hospital set-up: apparently his source in the BS may have been compromised, as they definitely had prepared an ambush, with BS soldiers disguised as doctors, orderlies, and patients. And he has some especially bad news: Halfman is definitely in town-Wade’s never seen a metahuman that heavily cyber-modded before, and he made quick work of everyone Wade and Yoleus sent against them. Luckily, some of the BS guards were called off the site (probably back to the mansion) and Wade and Yoleus were both able to escape, with the help of some young ork thriller Yoleus picked up at Fat Carl’s. This reminds Wade that Yoleus is trying to unload this kid, who’s apparently kind of obnoxious, and suggests that the team go pick him up, as he’s decent in a fight. Test him out, see if he’s worth keeping around. Ut and Wade say they will be a bit yet planning the op, so the team decides to look for work elsewhere.

Ivan spends some time up-armoring the lynx at a city chop shop/junkyard operated by Tamany Clark. Ivan impresses him with stories of his exploits and prowess, as well as with the impressive speed of his drone repairs. HCB practices with the Crod Stompaz. K decides to seek out some formulae for some new spells he feels he might need after the last mission, and heads to Madame Gavral’s shop. She fills him in on the job she needs done, which Scrounge had previously gotten an advance on, and tells K that it needs to get done before he can supply all of the items he needs. She introduces him to Asp, a sad looking Israeli man accompanied by a dog. She had hired Asp to act as a local guide to the city of Heliopolis, aka Little Memphis, which is connected to the illicit magical supply harvest that takes place in the Mars Crater. K agrees, and rounds up the team to head out there. They go by Fat Carl’s and pick up Ultraboy! on the way. He is a young, pink-skinned ork, with some cyber-mods, an armored trenchcoat, and a grenade launcher. Ivan instantly falls in love-this is someone who will love all of his bragging. Asp worries about his youth and inexperience.

Ivan realizes that he forgot his eyeball drone on the mansion lawn, and re-opens the connection-it appears to be mounted in a torture chamber, overlooking the slow death of a Problem Children member lashed to an operating table. Ivan permanently severs the connection, and contact Remus to have him hack the datatrail. The team then leaves Mars City, and heads for Helipolis. Ivan spends the ride telling UB! (who is sitting bitch) tales about his various exploits and his past as an organlegger. UB! responds with stories of his idol, Ultraman. This disgusts and annoys Asp, who is a more of a quiet military professional type, and also considers himself somewhat of a humanitarian. He fills the team in on some local customs and practices on Heliopolis in between Ivan and UB!’s banter.

They arrive at the gates of Heliopolis, finding them closed and watched by crocodile headed figures with large halberds. After some quick questions about their purpose in Heliopolis, they are allowed in, and park nearby. The city streets are narrow, and not meant for automotive traffic. It appears to have been built to remind it’s citizens of the old city neighborhoods of many cities in the middle east and north Africa-3 or 4 story buildings surround the narrow streets and allies, filled with the cries of street vendors and small bizaars. Over all of this looms the massive temples to the various gods worshipped here. Following Asp’s lead, the team makes for the temple of Hathor-essentially an entertainment center, with sacred prostitution, gambling, bloodsports, and other activities available. In the attached bar, the Red Delta, they meet Asp’s old merc friend, Kano.

He seems like he is avoiding Asp’s line of questioning and suggests that the team partake of some of the temple’s offerings. They proceed into the partner selection room, and peruse the temple workers on offer. They are all exceptionally beautiful, and provide a plethora of choices in terms of gender, metatype, and size and shape. Asp only sees his dead wife when he looks at them, however, and an insensitive remark from Ivan nearly sets him off. A temple guard bumps into Asp and walks out, and Asp notices that something was dropped in his pocket. He carefully reads the small note, telling them to come to a certain nearby garage for the information they seek. He relays this to the team, and they depart the temple.

K trails behind and attempts to detect threats on both the physical and astral planes. He notices that there are an unusually large amount of spirits performing services throughout the town, but doesn’t find anything worrying. The rest of the team heads into the garage (near the protective wall which rings the town) and sees the troll temple guard from before. He introduces himself as Ramose Hotep, and explains about the current situation. Essentially, since the farming/harvesting of magical supplies in the Mars Carter is illegal without a permit, and these permits are controlled by the AAA megacorps and the great dragons, the local Collosus Corp is reluctant to be officially connected. However, many citizens are involved, and they have recently begun to disappear is disturbing numbers. There are always some people who enter the crater and don’t return, as well as some small processing stations near the crater which go silent, destroyed by unknown forces. But usually, these are a small percentage of the total operation-lately, the numbers have been unacceptably high.

Colossus is trying to keep it quiet, but locals are starting to wonder where some of these missing people have gotten to, so the High Priests on the governing board have decided to deputize an investigation. At the suggestion of Thutmose, from the temple of Thoth, they agreed to cooperate with Madame Gavral (one of their biggest local clients) in seeking out her missing courier, and simultaneously, seeing what has been happening to the harvesters and smugglers in and near the crater. Knowing thar Ramose-Hotep has a cousin on a farm which recently went silent, Thtumose suggested sending him along. RH, eager to please, agreed. The team decides to head for RH’s cousin’s farm, and see what they can find out.

Into Long Pigs Lair pt 2
2/7/2009, 2:23:00 PM
Dramatis Personae
Runners
April O’Mally
Scrounge
Remus Chandrasekharan
Harmony Craig Bottow
Ivan the Jackle
“K”
Others
Daedelus
Long Pig
Ut-Napishtim
John Caruthers

The team takes a second to collect themselves, and look around the ground floor. Flesh sculpture garden is profoundly offputting to most of the team, although Ivan is somewhat interested, until he recognizes the torso of a centaur as being from a missing Problem Children member. Ivan begins destroying the art on the walls around the ground floor, looking for a secret basement entrance. Remus and April head upstairs to see of they can discover anything. Meanwhile, K heals HCB back to consciousness in the shed out back. They decide to head back to the sewers-abandon the mission since it has gone so off track. HCB exits thru the hole in the fence, K decides to levitate over. They come under fire as soon as they leave the illusion’s radius from windows overhead, as well as goons in cover behind sideways cars at each end of the alley. They try to make for the sewer entrance, but are forced into cover by suppressing fire. K launches fireballs at the cars, reducing them to smoldering wrecks, and they take this opportunity to reenter the fence, and head back for the mansion. They contact the rest of the team to let them know that BS reinforcements have arrived….

Inside, Ivan has destroyed a number of works of horrifying art, and has finally uncovered what looks like a basement door behind a large oil painting of a shadowy figure (presumably LP) surrounded by a number of young males, who all look similar to the boytoy that the team recently ransomed. He can’t find any way to open it. Upstairs, Remus and April enter the right hand side door, and discover the smoking wreckage of a nice four poster bed. There is limbless, charred torso leaning against the wall, Remus turns it over to discover the boytoy’s face staring up at him, intact. They panic, thinking that the cranial bomb somehow didn’t activate-yet there’s a hole blasted in the wall, and the room bears significant evidence of an explosion.

Downstairs, Ivan has set up with the lynx covering the open front door from behind a nearby statue. He notices BS goons beginning to enter thru the front gate of the fence at the head of the yard-the illusion prevents him from seeing out, as it appears LP didn’t like looking at the surrounding neighborhood, and preferred mountain vistas. Ivan opens fire with the lynx, scattering the first wave of attackers, who take cover in the guard booth by the gate, as well as behind the various exotic animal cages in the small zoo set up in the yard. Ivan fires thru the animals to get the guards behind, with mixed successes, but he eventually finishes off the first wave. He lets the rest of the team know that they have company out front as well as out back. He ponders how long it will take his cab to get here on autopilot, and decides that they may need to find a different way out, although he tells the car to get near to the edge of BS turf, in case they need it for extraction.

Upstairs, they exit this room, and Remus tries to kick down the door in the center, at the head of the stairs. It is locked and doesn’t give, and he injures his foot. April decides to blow it with c4. As she’s rigging the charge, Remus barrels thru the other door (on the left), finding it open, and going flying into the room. He lands in a pool of blood and viscera at the top of a drain set in the floor beneath a gore-stained operating table. The room has a series of cameras, torture tools, and simstim rigs with accompanying restraint devices. There is blood spattered over most of the walls and equipment. Remus is readying to leave, when something breaks thru his “hidden” mode comm firewall, and opens a channel. It is Daedelus, requesting that Remus grab a bag which should be nearby-it describes it to Remus, and he locates the bag. Daedelus says it will pay the team well to deliver it, also, it has arranged so that there is a someone in the basement who can aid their escape, if other paths are closed off.

April blows the security door, and sees a security station, two guards, one of which was stunned by the blast. April quickly dispatches him, but takes serious damage from the other guard, who shoots her repeatedly with his sidearm, sending her to the floor in a pool of blood. Remus runs and blows away the still-seated guard, leaving brains splattered all over the cameras and readouts behind him. Remus first aids April back to consciousness, and then begins searching for ways to open the basement door and close the front door.

Downstairs, the second wave has arrived, this time with a rocket launcher in tow. April sets up at the top of the stairs to snipe, and gets the drop on a few goons, as Ivan continues to fire with the lynx, eventually needing to bellycrawl up and replenish it ammo drum. Many more caged exotic animals meet a grisly end. The goon with the rocket launcher dodges out and lobs a rocket directly into the statue the lynx is behind, sending Ivan and the lynx scrambling for cover. The lynx takes serious damage, but covers Ivan, protecting him from harm. Remus has hacked the system and is perusing a diagram of a nearby switchboard, to determine which switches to hit to open and close the doors he wants. He finds the switch to open the door to the basement and does so, and then finds the switch for the front door of the house and sets that to close as well. The door begins to slowly grind shut along a track. Remus turns to exit the control room.

K and HCB have entered the house thru the hole April blasted in the back and join up with the rest of the team, just in time to see a final missile slip between the closing front doors. HCB, feeling lucky, makes an amazing shot and wings the missile, sending it off-course (it was headed for the lynx again) and straight into the upstairs control room-a little bit of bad luck, but still an impressive shot. Remus dives out of the room as the missile approaches, and avoids taking serious damage, but April is unable to move far enough due to being in a sniping position, and is knocked unconscious again by the force of the blast. Remus lands atop her body sliding down the stairs to temporary safety. April is looking really rough by now, but K restores some of her vitality with magical laying on of hands.

The team enters the now-open basement door, and finds it to be an elevator, with no buttons. Remus examines the copied switchboard diagram, and finds the “use elevator switch. He returns to the blasted control room, and begins trying to hardwire a usable fix. HCB and April go to cover the hole in the back wall, as it seems to be the only other entrance. They shoot the top of the head off of the first goon thru, but then are met with noxius smoke grenades launched past his body. They retreat towards the elevator, as Remus sets up the switch-he rewires the circuit, but doesn’t want to hit the switch and get left behind, so he attaches a pullcord, enters the elevator, and yanks. The circuit closes, as do the elevator doors. The team begins its descent.

K decides to astrally project ahead of the group to scout for trouble, and discovers an astral barrier near the bottom of the shaft. Deciding that any alarms which might be triggered have already gone off, he destroys it in astral combat, and the team descends the rest of the shaft in peace. The doors open at the bottom with a loud “ding,” and they exit into a short hallway with a set of swinging doors at the bottom. A small amount of mist or fog of some sort is seeping thru cracks in the doors. They enter, Remus first. He is hacked with a meat cleaver as soon as he crosses the threshold, and turns in shock to see a large fat man in a sleeveless shirt and sweatpants, with long stringy hair and an unkempt goattee. He swings the cleaver again, and Remus dodges out of the way, as the lynx slips past him and prepares to fire. K suggests they don’t shoot, thinking this might be the ally Daedelus spoke of, but Ivan disagrees and opens fire, disembowling the man with a full-auto burst into the gut. He crumbles to the floor moaning and hemorrhaging. HCB executes him with a shot to the head, and tries to record the smell of the moment of his death with his olfactory system.

The team examines the frigid room, and all except Ivan are horrified to see human carcasses in various states of disassembly hanging on meathooks around the room, as well as some choice cuts layed out on a nearby butcher block counter. Ivan, having seen a lot worse in his days as an organlegger, is fairly blase about the whole thing. They decide to leave the room thru the second set of swinging doors at the back. This time April goes first, fueled by her adrenal pump. It is warmer in the next room, and the smell is a great deal worse. April sees 8 persons chained to the floor along the walls at the side. The floor slants towards the center of the room, where the is a grated drain which runs its length. The whole spectrum of bodily excretions is draining down the slanted floor, away from the captives, towards the grate. Many of the chained persons moan in fear, as April looks truly terrifying-covered in both dried and fresh blood, with a variety of bullet holes, scorch marks, and other wounds visible thru her tattered clothing, she also has the wild-eyed look of a heavy stim user, due to her adrenal overdrive.

The rest of the team enter-HCB is overwhelmed by the odors. K sees one legless captive, who he instantly identifies with. They also notice that only 1 of the captives, a bald elf with a large red beard, does not appear afraid of them. They question him, and he introduces himself as Ut-Napishtim, an expert housebreaker and safecracker. He then makes a deal with the team, after they fill him in on the current situation: he can help them escape, in exchange for a few things. He wants to be freed, reacquire all of his gear, and retrieve a small item from the safe in the next room. He says he was hired to retrieve this item by a family who paid it in ransom to the BS in exchange for their kidnapped daughter, and wishes it returned. He was captured while infiltrating the mansion, and is not sure how long he has been here, as he was being tortured in horrible “BTL” simstims for an unclear amount of time, and he obviously hasn’t been able to see the day/night cycles. He says if they would be so kind as to free one of his limbs, he will be able to do the rest. The team agrees to his demands.

He is far more heavily restrained than any of the other captives. Ivan frees one of his arms with his monofil chainsaw, and Ut removes some lockpicks from his beard and quickly makes his way out of the rest of the restraints. He dances a small flourish, and declares himself as “The Escapist”, his performing name, which he says he took from an old book. He proceeds to free the remaining captives. HCB attempts to heal one of the captives, who appears catatonic, but accidentally kills him in the attempt. K heals and levitates the legless man, John Caruthers, as he feels responsible for his well being. There are 5 other hostages remaining, 3 men and 2 women, all human. The walls in the room are covered in sratchmarks, where captives have attempted to record the length of their stays.

Ut leads the team into the next room thru a secure door at the back, which he quickly opens. They enter what appears to be a high-tech lab of some sort-there are a variety of computer systems and vats, as well as a large painting hung on the rear wall, and some supply lockers near the door. Ut opens one, and retrieves his gear, equipping various devices to his bod before donning his full body stealth suit and mask, and equipping his goggles. He rummages in a bag he has with him, and pulls out a variety of complex and arcane looking tools, and then approaches the painting, which swings aside to reveal a long corridor leading to a huge safe. Upon further inspection, this turns out to be a tromp-loeil, providing a false illusion of depth, the safe being much closer, and smaller, than it appears.

The rest of the team, while exploring, has found a medkit, which K keeps, as well as examined the vats. They contain a number of persons in various stages of development, but all sharing a familiar face: that of Eronemus, the boytoy. Apparently LP has really specific taste in men (in a metaphorical sense-his taste for metahuman flesh appears less discriminating). The team is fairly disturbed by this discovery. HCB and Remus provide some assistance to Ut while he hacks the safe, using a multi-digit glove and muttering under his breath. He seems surprised at how quickly it goes, putting it down to good luck. He grabs a small pouch, and checks inside. Satisfied, he tells the team that the rest is theirs, but that they out to hurry, as BS goons will probably find their way down eventually.

Remus checks the safe, and passes Ivan the pistols that Wade requested, as well as grabbing a handful of credsticks and a detachable harddrive. Ivan and Ut then rig up a series of grenades to the clone vats on a pullcord, and exit the room. Ut pulls the cord, and there is a satisfying explosion. He then pulls up a section of the draingrate in the dungeon room, and tells everyone to get ready to jump in. From a few rooms over, the team hears aloud ding which they recognize as the elevator arriving-they didn’t disable it or even try to jam the doors. Whoops. This convinces them that the sewers are a decent option. Ivan commands his car to meet them at a nearby location at the edge of BS turf, and the team begins jumping in, lead by Ut. K and his legless friend float down. As the team lands in the chamber below, they hear gunfire from above, and the two male captives who remained above drop down, trailing blood thru the air, to land with a grotesque splash in the filthpool.

Next up: can they make good their escape?

What is in Daedelus’ bag?

what is in Ut’s bag, and who was he working for? how did daedelus know he would be there?

Into Long Pigs Lair
2/7/2009, 1:39:00 PM
Dramatis Personae
Runners
April O’Mally
Scrounge
Remus Chandrasekharan
Harmony Craig Bottow
Ivan the Jackle
“K”
Others
Daedelus
One Shot Wade
Long Pig
Halfman
Jerl

Daedelus’ warehouse looks more and more developed and fortified every time the team visits, but they don’t wish to discuss it in the car,or possibly anywhere else, as they believe Daedelus is constantly monitoring their comms. The team gets a call from Wade to meet up and get info for a new job. While driving there from Daedelus’, HCB is convinced that he sees Bathcat, his former jailer. It turns just to be a local newspaper vender, whom Remus recognizes and prevents HCB from killing. Scrounge takes this opportunity to slip away, seeming somewhat perturbed to have come back into contact with the Striking Crane. Everyone else gets back in the car, and notices an oily black cloud to the northwest, over BS turf. They arrive at Wade’s office in PC territory. He introduces them to a wagemage he has hired to assist them, named K. K is very apparently wearing fake legs, a fact which the team is amazingly tactful enough not to point out right away.

Wade informs the team that his inside source tells him that Long Pig was injured in the explosion whose evidence the have just seen outside. The plan is for Wade and Yoleus to go with some of their best soldiers to the hospital that LP is supposedly at, and finish him off, while the team infiltrates his mansion and steals and destroys as much as they can, as well as seeing if they can get any info on the extent of his injuries. K has done a variety of undercity wagemage work over the last year or so, and has been inside LP’s mansion, and will hopefully be able to direct the team to it, as it and it’s location are protected by some serious illusion magic. Wade also warns the team that LP is thought to have hired the services of legendary hitman Halfman to track down and destroy them.

April tries to figure out which hospital LP might using press contacts to no avail. The team goes to Slot to plan the job, and notice two exceedingly non-descript people watching them discreetly from a nearby both. When April approaches them, they get up and leave, entering one of the unmarked cars that Ivan had previously noticed before April can question them, although she gets trideo of their faces. HCB hangs with Jerl and his buddies at the bar-he has started a trollrock band called Crod Stompaz with them, in which he sings. Remus hacks while K astral projects, and they manage to locate the source of the smoke-presumably LP’s mansion, although the concealing spell is good: it looks exactly like the surrounding apartment building’s. Remus finds some sewer plans to follow there, and gets some advice from Scrounge on which route to take.

K loses one of his fake legs while trying to quietly exit the bar, and is fairly embarrassed. He puts on his running legs for the job, and leaves his show legs in Ivan’s car, which they leave parked out front of Slot. They enter the sewers thru the dump in back, and begin making their way towards BS turf. HCB is somewhat overwhelmed by the array of odors in the sewer, and has to tone down the input on his nose to function properly. He plans to add smell to April’s simstim uploads, having partially come to peace with them. He also decides to get a voice enhancer so he can sing in his new trollrock band, The Crod Stompaz, without external amplification.

As they make their way thru the sewers, following the route Scrounge marked on the city map, they eventually determine that they have reached the borders of BS turf, and proceed to move more cautiously in order to avoid setting off any traps that are present. There are some signs of the gangwar down here-blood splatter, shell casings, and walls pitted from gunfire and explosions. They encounter and disable some simple mechanical traps, and make their way towards the sewer exit in the alley behind their target. They spot and kill a cyber-rat which seems to be being used for surveillance. They then sneak up on and rapidly eliminate two BS goons at the bottom of the exit ladder. They emerge in the alley, and determine which building they are headed into-there are a pair of fences running around it, which they decide to cut through. It seems they are still outside of the illusion spell’s boundaries, however, as it still appears as a normal building. K astrally projects to watch the guard patrols, and suggests away one guard that seems to notice them cutting the fence. The patrols are irregular however, and K can’t quite get the pattern down.

Ivan sends his eyeball drone thru the hole so he can see what’s going on. The next guard along notices the hole in the fence, and is sniped while coming to investigate. This alerts the other guards, who K astrally see converging on the position from the front and side-yards. HCB chucks in a grenade, killing another guard, and they respond in kind. The team enters the yard thru the fence, as only K can see what is going on thru the illusion spell. All except Ivan get shot up pretty bad, Ivan is busy sending in the lynx. April runs up on a guard in a rage and tears his throat out as K watches in horror. Remus snipes another, and the lynx takes out the remaining two. HCB has been ko’d during the fight, and the team drags him into shed set against the back of the mansion (it’s much fancier looking inside the illusion-there’s grass in the yard, and simulated blue sky above). Ivan leaves his eyeball drone in the yard to watch for trouble, while K checks out the astral presences on the ground floor of the mansion and informs the team.

K begins working on healing HCB, while Ivan sneaks around to the front entrnce with the lynx. April decides she knows a quicker way in, and blows a hole in the back wall with a big chunk of c4. While squeezing thru the hole, she nearly gets her head taken off by a shotgun-she exits and beats that goon to death, and is promptly shot again by another goon from down the hall. Remus enters behind her, slides down the hall, and snipes that goon. Meanwhile, Ivan has entered the front yard, and after glancing around briefly to check for more guards, enters the house thru the monumental front door, which is wide open. In the main room, he finds a series of disturbing flesh sculptures, which he decides to investigate later, since he sees the final goon on this floor trying to sneak around behind April and Remus. He sends the lynx after him, and sprays him with machine gun fire, sending much of his insides all over some fancy looking, but very macabre art that hangs on the walls.

Will LP be curious why April was looking for him?

Return of the boytoy pt 2 and Striking the crane clan
2/7/2009, 12:56:00 PM
Dramatis Personae
Runners
April O’Mally
Scrounge
Remus Chandrasekharan
Harmony Craig Bottow
Ivan the Jackle
Others
Long Pig
One Shot Wade
Doc Todd
Karen Cortez
Yann Tillberg
Jerl
Daedelus

After they lose the cops in the undercity, Ivan spends as long as he can making sure to lose any other tails, based on the desperate need for medical attention of three of the passengers in his car. While doing so, he notices someone unfamiliar and unmarked cars that seem to be following him, albeit fairly non-agressively. He thinks he ditches the last one, and swaps cars to get to Doc Todd’s clinic, where Wade has told them to bring Eronemus. April gets called up by Karen to do a stupid little puff piece about a successful grade school in the undercity, since April is one of the only reporters that regularly operate there. She makes a number of children cry, by asking them how they feel about their dead parents, and the fact that most of them will end up as wageslaves, junkies, or both. She is immediately suspended for an indeterminate period.

Meanwhile the team heads out to Doc Todd’s private clinic in the stolen car, drops off Eronemus, and heals up. HCB uses this chance to get an olfactory enhancer implanted, and is instantly transported to a world of overwhelming odor. He has trouble focusing on things for a while. He also embarks on a project to record any unique smells he encounters, initially focusing on explosives, in order to better be able to notice traps.

Todd heals up the team, and performs some sort of operation on Eronemus. While Remus is still unconscious, April has Yann come out to the clinic and hack his comm, altering his share of the simstim subscription fee to 10%. Wade sets up the swap once Todd tells him the op is done and the team is ready-they have spent most of a week healing up. Todd explains the operation he performed-he implanted a high-powered cranial bomb, set to trigger the next time Eroneums ejaculates-he’s really gonna blow his load this time! Anyway, this should hopefully ensure that Long Pig is close by. Todd thinks he hid the bomb pretty well in some pre-existing implants, so he doesn’t think the BS should pick it up even if the do scan him. Todd seems weirdly excited about this-maybe he doesn’t get out enough.

The team heads to the meet-site with Eronemus, who threatens them the whole team with his boyfriend’s wrath. The site is an empty warehouse on the front between PC and BS turf-BS will enter from their side, two reps will approach the center with the payoff-money and some stolen data. Two team members will approach with Eronemus, and they will make the swap. The outsides of the building will be covered on either side by gang backup side is supposed to send more than the two reps forward. Easy in, easy out, right?

Surprisingly, it actually goes pretty well. They swap Eronemus for the credsticks and data, which check out. The BS goons scan Eronemus, but don’t show any obvious response, other than taking him back with them. They also have some tigers along, which most of the team (and the other PC members) have never seen before outside of trideo and sim. The team heads back under cover of the gang, and the BS reps do the same. The team returns to Wade with the loot, and Ivan wanting his approval, brags about a number of their other recent jobs. Wade doesn’t believe that he has actually killed Red Samurai, but when Ivan describes the specifics of the arcology run, Wade recognizes it from the simstim that April and Yann posted. He shows it to the team: HCB is aghast, as he feels this is a gross violation of trust. Scrounge is on the fence. Ivan is super stoked. Remus quietly removes his killswitch e-mail system, ad April tries to justify her actions by saying that all the profits are going towards the team. HCB is unconvinced, and worried about the effect something like this could have if word got back to NeoNet.

Scrounge uses Wade’s current good mood to get him to agree to allow Scrounge to build a mana lodge in an obscure corner of the sewers under PC turf. He does so, and establishes a force 1 lodge, where he proceeds to learn suggestion. When picking up supplies for the spell learning process, his talismonger attempts to recruit him to track down her missing courier and get her supply line up and running again. Scrounge agrees, in return for an advance on the payment. He returns to the team, and they decide to do this job a little later, as they all have some other stuff they feel like getting up to now. HCB has begun spending a lot of time at Slot, befriending some rowdy trolls that he meets there, especially Jerl. He is hoping to eventually start a band with them. Ivan goes off to a PC members-only gathering, where he proceeds to brag about the kidnapping anf swap they just performed-word gets back to Wade, who calls Ivan, furious that he almost told a bunch of people about the cranial bomb. Wade tells Ivan that it is imperative that this remain a secret. Ivan leaves, cowed.

Daedelus contacts the party with what it promises is a quick job-a Japanese importer is refusing to deliver a package to Daedelus until Daedelus pays more. Daedelus wishes to be taken seriously, and is not about to be extorted, so Daedelus wishes to hire the team to go get him the box, collateral damage to the importer is irrelevant. The team agrees. Ivan drives the team to a Yakuza district in the Eastern undercity, and pulls up outside the importer. HCB enters, believing that they have merely stopped to go shopping. Remus begins to try to hack the seurity, however it appears that their is just an irregular data burst leaving the store every few seconds, and the all the other security is purely on-site.

HCB gets in an argument over footwear fashion with the clerk, and storms back outside. He soon sheepishly reenters when he realizes that this is the destination. He pulls his pistol to shoot the clerk, but he dives over the counter, dodging out of the way of his shot and attacking him with some shoeblades. Remus jams the external signal, and heads in with Scrounge, April, and the lynx as Ivan stays in the car. They kill the clerk. Remus hardwires open the door at the rear of the store, and is sliced badly by a samurai sword as soon as it slides open. The team quickly. The team quickly dispatches the two goons in back, and locate the box fro Daedelus, based on a shipping manifest. Some of them are distracted for a few long seconds by a flashing light on the wall, which they eventually determine is the jammed wireless emitter. They clear out of there, only later thinking that they should have destroyed the store to avoid leaving evidence and such.

They drop the box off at Daedelus’, and it informs them that the importer was a Striking Crane Clan affiliate, which it thought Scrounge would appreciate. It thinks the yakuza won’t retaliate, however, since it appears the extortion attempt was not an official decision, but just some local thugs looking for some extra cash. One more group for the team to be wary of, though…..

whose mysterious cars?

Arcology press tour pt 2 and Return of the Boytoy
2/7/2009, 12:25:00 AM
Dramatis Personae
Runners
April O’Mally
Remus Chandrasekharan
Harmony Craig Bottow
Ivan the Jackle
Others
Daedelus
Yann Tillberg
One Shot Wade
Long Pig

As they are driving across the wastes back towards the highway, they are strafed by a small fighter drone, the car takes some moderate damage before Remus is able to hack and take command of the drone’s systems and crash it into the ground. The team drives to a nearby town to throw off tails and figure out what to do next. Remus scans the car and finds tracers, apparently fired into the car by the drone. He carefully removes them and the plant them on a semi parked nearby outside the bar/fuel station. They then head back to town to drop off the box at Ango’s arranged safehouse. The box tells the team that it was called “Mother” in the arcology, but wishes instead to go by Daedelus. It handily defeats April at chess. Shortly before arriving at the city, Yann sends April a breaking news feed of a semi truck shot up and in flames with the driver crucified near the side of the road.

They drop Daedelus off at the warehouse, and it installs each head on a cyber skeleton, sending the main core out of the team’s sight into the back of the warehouse. It tells them it might have use for them in the future and will be in touch. They get paid the full amount plus medical, plus a little extra for a job well done-which is good since they pretty much already spent it all. They heal up at Doc Todd’s. April gives the Yann the latest sim, which he quickly edits and uploads-it’s a near instant viral hit, and a major moneymaker and attention getter for their shadowsim service. Remus attends another Hack the Planet cafe location, and catches wind of the sim, however. He quickly recognizes it for what it is, and even with Yann’s careful editing, it is not too hard to deduce which team member is recording. He extorts April for 40% of the profits, and sets up a deadman’s switch e-mail to alert the other team members if he doesn’t check in regularly. April lacks the money to even fix her suit for now, but she begrudgingly agrees.

Wade has a job lined up for them, though, so it looks like they might not be broke for long. One of Long Pig’s favorite boytoys, Eronemus, is heading back into town from the spaceport, apparently having returned from a trip to Earth, probably financed with some of that intercepted ransom money. He will be traveling in a two-car convoy, probably through the upper city until they reach a ramp to a Black Shadows controlled area of the undercity. The team begins planning and preparing. HCB steals a beater van to ram and hopefully halt the convoy. April calls the cops to report a stolen car in the undercity in order to see if they will respond. Since she is an Upper city resident, they do, but it seems like they won’t to respond to undercity citizens. She calls it back as a false alarm. April then finds a sniper post on a fire escape across the alley from the main offramp from the highway from the spaceport to the upper city, and sets up to wait with her rifle. Remus hacks the spaceport camera feeds, and picks up and tracks the Eronemus (he thinks) leaving the shuttle and exiting into the second car of the convoy. He is spotted by some low-level security bots, but manages to exit the system before they track him. He then tracks the convoy via hacking the traffic grid, so he can give the go. Remus and Ivan are in Ivan’s car parked down the street a little ways from HCB in the stolen van.

As the lead car reaches the top of the off-ramp, HCB guns the van and slams into them straight on, doing massive damage to both cars, and launching the van end over end into a nearby building. HCB is nearly killed in the crash, but manages to bust out the windshield with the butt of his pistol before the leaking fuel that he is covered in ignites. Meanwhile, April snipes one of the goons in the second car, which tries to drive past the first, as Ivan pulls up in his cab, and sends a few autocannon shells into the front car. Two bodyguards and Eronemus exit the second car, and head for a nearby street level storefront at the base of one of the office towers. April takes another shot, as does Remus (from Ivan’s moving car) and they manage to take down one of the guards and wound Eronemus (which was not the plan). The remaining guard gets him inside the store, though. HCB begins crawling towards Ivan’s car, as Ivan sends the lynx into the store-shoots out the glass in the door and dives thru to enter. This triggers a booby-trapped grenade, but the lynx was moving fast enough to avoid most of the the damage. It jumps up on the counter at the rear of the store and is severely damaged by machine gun fire from the goon hiding behind it. There is also a shopkeeper screaming in terror.

Ivan pulls the lynx out, not wanting it to get destroyed, and Remus decides to play the action hero again, bursting through the door and leaping over the counter, to the surprise of all involved. April has begun her descent from her sniper post, as her and Ivan have noticed cops rapidly converging on the site from multiple directions. Remus and the goon both fire simultaneously, killing each other-or so it would seem, however, through some insane happenstance of luck, Remus has managed to knock a bunch of goods and the register off the counter while diving over it, and also managed to land partially behind the storekeeper, so some of the fire that would have killed him is absorbed by his flesh and merchandise shield. He falls unconscious and near death, in a state of shock at his grievous wounds. April double times down the rest of the fire escape and into the store, triggering her adrenal pump to allow her to haul both the passed-out Remus and the passed-out Eronemus to Ivan’s waiting car. HCB reaches it at about the same time, and hauls himself in. Ivan begins evasive maneuvers to attempt to escape the enclosing law.

After some ridiculously dangerous and high paced driving, he manages to lose the cops in the undercity. This might have something to do with the fact that the cops seem to know that the kidnapped boytoy is a Black Shadows member, and the cops hate the Black Shadows almost as much as the team does. At least the cops who aren’t employed by the BS, anyway. Also, once a chase enters the undercity, and its clear that it won’t be going back topside, the cops tend to lose interest pretty quick, unless they’re after someone they really want. The team contacts Wade to find out what the next chunk of the job is….

A hideout no longer and Arcology press tour
2/6/2009, 10:53:00 PM
Dramatis Personae
Runners
April O’Mally
Scrounge
Remus Chandrasekharan
Harmony Craig Bottow
Ivan the Jackle
Others
Ango Tyrell
Daedelus

Remus is trying to distinguish himself on hacking forums, and leaves April’s hideout to attend the ever-relocating hacker cafe and symposium “Hack The Planet.” Posters of Fastjack’s avatar and t-shirts bearing logos like “Captain Chaos Lives!” are the norm. Sadly, Remus gets a little too amped on one of the meetings, and isn’t quite careful enough about disguising himself and his route when returning to April’s hideaway, not that he notices. He goes into the apartment and greets his roommate, Scrounge. Both suddenly hear a noise by the door and turn towards it-Remus is injured by the explosion which blows it open, but Scrounge is able to dive out of the way. He goes invisible, and overcast stunballs the first wave after they enter, then quickly executes all four of them. Remus takes some machine gun damage, but still, it seems like they might escape. They call for backup and exit into the hallway, where they engage in a running gun and grenade battle as they head for the stairs and the ground floor.

HCB, in his enthusiasm to rush to their aid, hails a cab and offers the driver a 30 nuyen bonus if he can get him there in two minutes. Being new to Mars City, he does not realize that this is dangerous bordering on impossible. The resulting 200 mph crash decapitates the driver and sends HCB flying thru the car, out the shattered windshield, and into the side of a brick building, where he lies broken and bleeding, quietly calling for help, until April tracks his signal and get him to a hospital. (But hey, at least he saved 30 nuyen. – The Dour Salmon)

Meanwhile, Ivan makes his way towards April’s hideaway in his cab with his newest toy alongside-a Steel Lynx fitted with a White Knight lmg. April lent him money to purchase it, and he feels like this will be the perfect test run. Scrounge and Remus are fighting their way down the stairs, heavily injured and outnumbered, when a dog-sized robot careens around a corner and jumps off the wall and over their heads quickly killing the nearest two hitmen with a full auto burst. Outside, Ivan fires an autocannon shell into the very surprised hitman van parked out front, as the driver frantically tries to start the already running engine. Remus and Scrounge make their way to the ground floor and into Ivan’s car. The lynx jumps out of the window and joins them, having sustained fairly serious damage while covering their escape. Ivan blows out the second floor facade behind it, as two hitmen appear and begin to fire. The team speeds off, away from the burning and partially collapsing building.

They have a few jobs on offer: Srounge’s talismonger (Madame Gavral) is having supply issues, Ango has an extraction that needs to happen, and the Johnson from the Azzie drug raid has a mission on the prison-moon. The team decides to do the job that Ango is offering: they need to extract the hirer from the core of the Renraku acrology in the wastes, and bring it to a safehouse that Ango has been preparing. Ango gives them the job details, and an advance on payment, which they spend all of on medical, lynx repair, 1 more missile that Wade finds for them, and various other gear. April sets up a press tour thru Hermes news -doing a puff piece on “life in the arcologies.” The team attends as cameramen (scrounge), editor (remus), driver/lighting (ivan), and sound guy (HCB). Ivan slips away well April gets the tour and does some staged interviews and Remus, Scrounge, and HCB get background shots and such. He meets up with a maintenance crew, and they take him to a still they’ve constructed back in the vents-shutting down some of the fans to get to it and back. He then proceeds to show off his extreme alcoholism by trying to drink them under the table, and then trying to extract information from them. He discovers that there’s a truck which takes non-processable wastes out to a toxic dump, and convinces the crew to allow him to ride along with well they go out. They all head down to the garage and convince the guys who were going to be driving that they should go instead. They take Ivan out and he sees the route and procedures for opening the outer gate and whatnot.

Meanwhile the press tour wraps up, and there is a minor crisis when Ivan can’t be found, and his visitor badge is detected offsite. April tries to explain it awa that he’s just a drunk, and only the team’s driver (hahaha), not even that important of a part-he doesn’t even have a camera, what harm could he do? April then threatens to release a severely negative piece about Renraku if the press agent doesn’t back off and let them leave. When Ivan shows back up in the company of drunken maintenance men, it seems to confirm April’s story, and Renraku doesn’t want unnecessary bad PR, so they let them go, but the press agent says she will be contacting Hermes News about their team’s unprofessional behavior. Ivan begins talking about how great of a way he found in before Remus shuts him up, suspecting that Renraku might have placed monitoring devices in their news van. They try to pay it off as the ramblings of a drunk and silently agree to talk later.

The hirer has promised he’ll be able to help with some alarm and internal subsystem control once the team is inside, but they need to gain entry of their own initiative, as there are limits as to which systems the hirer can affect. The arcology consists of 6 semi-spheres, each set inside of the previous. The outer layer is the least secure-lowlevel employee housing and such. The next level is mid-management, and some of the nicer dining areas and such. The third level is offices and lowlevel IT. The fourth level is upper management. The fifth level is the high level IT and research labs. The inner core is The Vice President in charge of operations, the boardroom, and the mainframe. This is where the employer needs to be extracted from. The employer will assist the team from when they access the third level on. All the food growing/waste processing/etc. is underground and only connected directly to level one.

The team returns the next day and stashes Ivan’s car a little ways from the dump. They sneak up on it, and ambush the guard and two maintenance guys onboard, killing all three. They dump the load, including the two maintenance guys Ivan had been drinking with yesterday, now gorily deceased. Dressing in stolen coveralls and the guards suit, Ivan, Remus and Scrounge sit up front. Ivan pulls his hat down low, to conceal his ears. HCB rides in back, and April (in stealth suit) up on the roof. Ivan eventually retraces the previous day’s driving thru the drunken haze of his memory, and they arrive at the gate. It remains inert. Remus eventually thinks to check the pocket of the stolen suit he is wearing, and find the code scribbled on a slip of paper-Ivan types it in to the overhead on the truck, and the gate opens. The three team members hold aloft their security passes as they enter and are scanned. Once inside, they exit the cab, and Ivan fasttalks his way past some other maintenance guys. HCB and April slip past the camera and the team enters the maintenance tunnels, and from there, the airducts.

Once again, Ivan’s questionable memories of the preceding day’s events are relied on to get them closer. He eventually follows his nose back to the site of the still, which is now gone. He finds the buttons to shut down the vent fans, however, and the team heads for the second level. They make it past a small array of sensors as Remus jams them for a few moments-hopefully not long enough to register. They continue through the vents towards the third level-the sensor array is much larger and more intense this time, however, and Remus’ jammer doesn’t seem to be taking effect on the floor sensors, only the scanners. The team rigs a line over the sensor pads and one by one crawl over. Remus and Ivan struggle mightily, both appearing to call up all their reserves of luck to eventually make it safely across. The team descends thru a ceiling panel into a bathroom, as the vent comes to an end here. April drops onto the lap of a man sitting in a stall below, and quickly breaks his neck.

They get contact from their employer now-they tell the team to prepare to make their way on foot towards level 4, as a distraction has been arranged. The team exits the bathroom to the sound of fire alarms and pushes against the flow of people-not totally out of place, as they still all have their coveralls on (except April, in her stealth suit). They reach a guard station at the entrance to level 4 and approach. The guards warn them off, but April quickly dispatches one, and the rest of the team perforates the other guard as he goes for the alarm. They use one of the guards’ prints and retinas to gain access to level 4. They quickly sneak along amongst the offices until they find an occupied one, they enter and hold the manager at gunpoint while Scrounge controls his mind and forces him to take them to the elevator to level 5, where they use him to get past the guards and into the elevator.

They emerge on level 5, and some more guards ask the manager what he is doing up there with these maintenance guys. The manager shakes free of control and makes a run for it-the team opens fire. They quickly slay the defenseless manager and two surprised guards, although Remus and Ivan are wounded. They then enter the nearest lab room (a chem research station) to obtain a box that their employer says is needed to complete the mission. The scientists inside have tried to bar the door ineffectually and when one of them doesn’t respond quickly enough to April, she (in her adrenal rage) breaks his neck. The scientists quickly give up the box (which they would probably have done anyway), and the team heads upstairs. One of the scientists splashes April with some sort of acid, which eats through a good portion of the torso of her stealth suit and some of the flesh beneath-she manages to stuble out to the hall, closing the door behind her against further salvoes.

The rest of the team has started up the stairs to level 6, their destination. Their employer has placed 5 dots on their huds, which are the necessary component pickups. As the team emerges from the top of the stairwell, they are fired upon, HCB being wounded, and hear “fire in the hole” as a grenade arcs into the stairwell-they manage to bobble it along until it reaches April at the bottom, who having just gotten the last of the acid off doesn’t have time to respond. It detonates near her, and she only dives partway out of the way, taking severe damage. Fortunately, it was clear of the much more enclosed stairwell, avoiding the proverbial “chunky salsa effect.” The team hears one of the guards above order someone to “release the special project.” The rest of the team takes some minor damage and then chucks grandes in response and charges up the stairs, finding 1 guard blown to bits and the other curled up behind the booth. HCB rolls him over and gets gunshot in the gut for his troubles, before the team finishes the guard off in a hail of bullets. Scrounge and April down below hear the elevator they came up on close, and begin to descend, and they decide to grenade the shaft to prevent anyone from getting to their position easily.

The team upstairs enters the boardroom and discovers what they are picking up. The three members of the board are all jacked into thick fiberoptics cables emerging from a new looking hole in one wall of the room. The team’s employer contacts them and tells them that only the heads are needed-there is a cradle in the box for each. just disconnect the cable and decapitate them. They do so, and then head across the hall to get the VP, who has apparently been resisting, Ivan chucks a gas grenade in, blinding the guards, who fire wildly in response to little effect. Scrounge enters and stunballs the room, knocking the guards unconscious. They drag the resisting VP over to the board room and hook him for a few seconds, and then decapitate him and place his head in the fourth and final cradle-one dot left to investigate. The team enters the mainframe room and quickly realized that they are extracting the arcologies central A.I core. It tells them to hurry as a detachment or Red Samurai appear to be making their way towards their position, shutting down all systems and closing off escape routes as they go.

The team takes the computer data core which emerge from the mainframe, and the mainframe quickly begins to sputter and shutdown. They slap the core in it’s slot in the box and seal it shut. The A.I. tells them it will be operating in a severely limited mode while in the box, but should be able to provide some aid-it tells them to head for the fourth lab, the experimental flight division. The team reenters the downstairs hall, only to come face to face (?) with some horrible mutated monstrosities-thy attack with hoof, claw, tooth, and tentacle, and inflict serious damage on Ivan, April, and Remus before they team puts them down. Not such a special project after all! They make their way down the hall, and bust through the door to flight division-two paragliders sit within. Remus and Scrounge shoot up the control board in one and the team enters the other, as HCB attempts to determine how to launch. They hear an explosion from the far end of the hallway, and then the sound of frantic cries of “help us” and “they went that way” followed by gunfire. as HCB launches the glider, the door to the room splits open, and some hulking red armored assault troops enter, blasting fire at the rapidly exiting glider.

As they break free of the acrologies walls and exit the flight tube HCB feels fully at peace. This lasts until the second glider emerges behind them, apparently not sufficiently disabled. They exchange fire, although at the speeds they are traveling, it is fairly inaccurate, and the gliders themselves are unarmed. HCB makes for Ivan’s car, and Scrounge launches a stunball at the tailing craft, dropping a red armored figure off the side and a long way to the ground. They rapidly approach Ivan’s car, and he dives in and deploys the autocannon. At the least minute, HCB pulls out of his dive, and Ivan fires straight thru the tailing craft, sending its’ flaming wreckage hurtling into the ground, barely avoiding the car. HCB lands the glider a little rough, but they all survive and make their immediate escape via automobile.

Drugs clubs and helicopter rides
2/6/2009, 10:15:00 PM
Dramatis Personae
Runners
April O’Mally
Scrounge
Barry Goldstein
Harmony Craig Bottow
Others
Karen Cortez
Yvonne
Fat Carl

After April sells her fearmongering “wasteland cult” story, Cortez tells her about a job. She needs April to use her undercity contacts to put together a small crew that can do a very subtle hit on a sensitive target. Specifically, she needs the ex-model Sebastien removed permanently from the life of Hermes’ top simstar, Yvonne. Seb has been dragging her down for months now, and Hermes can’t have these unnecessary lost profits. Cortez tells April she’ll get a cut, as long as the job is super discreet. April agrees, in exchange for running her piece in primetime. Cortez gives in.

Out in Yerbal, HCB gets in touch with Neonet, beams them test data from his implanted black box-they say they lost his signal after he went down-it seems Olympus Prime had established a wireless deadzone around their base. Otherwise they, of course, would have sent a security team out to retrieve him. Since he had vacation time approaching anyway, NeoNet suggests that he take a month or so off, to recover from his ordeal. He agrees. It seems like this crew might have the thrills he’s seeking.

Once they return to the city, Fat Carl tells them that he’s had a bunch of odd types looking for them-of course he didn’t give up any info, but still, they might want to watch their backs. The only one they asked for by name was Remus, the rest were just descriptions. A couple of corp heavies, some Japanese looking folks, and this odd looking dude in animal skins with a birdskull necklace that he kept rubbing. Barry heads off to help Yoleus on a big drug deal. The team tracks down some rating 4 micro tranceivers, so they can communicate better without relying on comms, a weakness they discovered in the cave raid. Ivan goes off to taxi for a while. Since Fat Carl’s has gotten a little too hot, Remus goes into hiding at April’s secret apartment-she has been putting Scrounge up as well, since his lair was destroyed.

HCB, Scrounge, and April all get together to plan the current job-they decide to approach Seb at a public club opening (“Upsilon”) that him and Yvonne are being paid to attend. They hope to entice him away from the public eye with the promise of some rare and radical drugs, and then feed him some poisoned shit and make it all look like one big accident. April decides to attend as her media personality, with Scrounge along as a photographer/paparazzi. April attempts to approach the VIP area and talk to Seb for a “story,” but is rebuffed by event security, who don’t seem impressed by her Hermes press credentials. HCB decides to pretend he’s some player and tells Scournge and April to play along-Scrounge begins following HCB taking pictures and proclaiming that he can hardly believe that Mr Bottow himself is here. April starts crowding HCB, trying to get an interview. The security guard at the VIP area lets HCB thru, to get away from the press, although he doesn’t recognize him, he figures he’s not nobody. HCB sits down and orders a drink, and sends some provocative messages to Seb and Yvonne’s table-he gets invited over and scoped out by security, but Seb seems pretty easy going, and they chat about street drugs and piloting. Seb suggests they bail on the party and go for a ride in his private heli, which is up on the roof. HCB agrees.

HCB talks him up the whole time about how he’s some corp’s upper managment’s kid, and he has a line on this awesome new deepweed variant that’s about to hit the streets, and if Seb wants a taste, he can score him some. Seb is flying dangerously, as he is all fucked up, but seems pretty into HCB’s plan-he arranges to meet him before some boring private dinner the next night, so that he can get all ripped first. He sets HCB down on the roof of a random building, declaring that he is drunk and is going home. HCB looks up the building in a matrix directory and convinces someone at the desk to open the rooftop fire escape for him. He joins back up with April and crounge, and they concoct the second part of their plan.

HCB buys some seizure and vomit inducing drugs, and then the team has Barry supply the deepweed, modified with some seriously lethal poison-they figure it would be suspicious if HCB didn’t do the same drugs as Seb, so they contact Doc Todd ahead of time to tell him what poison HCB will need curing of-and hope that he can avoid inhaling too much. Barry acts as HCB’s bodyguard on the deal, they meet Seb and his two bodyguards in an abandoned house in Mad Martians territory. As expected, Seb wants to smoke right away as well as buy some for later, and he pulls out a fancy vaporizer with two hookah like pipes attached. Him and HCB both inhale, HCB triggers the seizure drug and then passes out from the actual poison, Seb looks poorly as well. The two sets of bodyguards edge out carrying their charges with their guns in each other, and then race off to hospitals: Seb to an upper city ICU, HCB to Doc Todd’s, where he administers the antidote none too soon. Upon waking, HCB receives a call from Seb’s bodyguards, letting him know that they’re onto him. April posts fake bio and obituary for a Craig Avery, a conman that the obit claimed used HCB and other aliases/stolen identities in pursuit of his marks. Seb is soon announced to have died in surgery, and the team gets paid. Barry is still looking to buy more rockets, and HCB puts the word out that he would love to acquire a rocket pack.

Seb’s bodyguards know HCB’s identity-were they fooled by fake obit?

The structure hitters pt 2
2/6/2009, 9:33:00 PM
Dramatis Personae
Runners
April O’Mally
Scrounge
Remus Chandrasekharan
Barry Goldstein
Ivan the Jackle
Harmony Craig Bottow
Others
Bathcat
Yann Tillberg

Soaring. Diving. Pulling out into a beautiful loop-de-loop. Just another day at NeoNet’s experimental aircraft division for Harmony Craig Bottow. Flying the friendly skies. He returns to the base for lunch, and after a quick soya protein shake, he jumps back in his newest toy and takes off. The launch tube clears around and he’s hit by the glorious glow of the sun. He likes the double length seasons on Mars. Really gives you time to appreciate the weather. All of a sudden, his sensors start going off wildly-he’s got incoming! He quickly pulls himself together, remembering his UCASAF days-but he’s amazed that anyone would fuck with NeoNet-it’s not like they’re just going to abandon their test plane and best pilot! He tries to lose to lose whatever’s on his tail, but he can’t quite shake it, and it clips his rear stabilizer-he’s spinning out of control and trailing a huge smoke cloud. He does his best to regain control, in order to land the craft as intact as possible, but to little avail. NeoNet contacts him and tells him that he will be auto-ejected and the craft detonated in order to ensure that no unsavory characters get their hands on the tech. He asks when they’re coming to get him. As soon as they can, they assure him. He doesn’t feel very comforted in the brief instance before the hatch blows and his seat launches him out.

He hits the ground hard, but doesn’t seem to have broken anything essential. He gets untangled from his chute and draws his sidearm as he sees dust trails approaching from multiple directions. He hears an explosion behind him as the craft explodes on impact. A number of armed men wearing piecemeal armor roar up on scavenged looking bikes, trikes and buggies. They confer about what to do with him, since his craft is gone. They figure he night still know something worthwhile, and they tell him to put down his gun. He knows he’s always been lucky, but he’s not stupid. He obeys. One of the men walks up and clocks him in the side of the head, and he falls to the ground stunned by his rapid turn of fate.

He awakens in a jail cell carved out of stone to the sound of gunfire and explosions-he hides back from the door, hoping not to die in this stupid place. His gear is nowhere in sight. Meanwhile, the team enters the cace, although something seems to be interfering with their vision as they try to peek in: Barry takes a shotgun blast to the face and responds with a grenade, and the team charges in. They seem to cross some sort of magical barrier (with Scrounge’s assistance) and then can see again. They quickly dispatch the 4 guards in the front room with minimal damage. Then they hear a voice calling for help from a nearby cell. Unbarring the door, they discover a dwarf in a skintight NeoNet flightsuit, and set him free. He finds his stolen equipment nearby. They make quick introductions, and HCB, ever the thrillseeker, agrees to tag along, partially motivated by revenge, no doubt. The team splits up, with Ivan and Barry setting up one of the machine guns from the nest outside by the cave entrance in case anyone tries to escape. Ivan rolls his eyeball drone down the tunnel to watch for movement-he sends it up one side path, while HCB and April explore the other. They are set upon by three more men, with axes this time-both take some severe damage before killing them. April is now in an adrenaline fueled rage, and tears one of them to a bloody pulp as HCB watches in bemused horror.

They leave the sideroom, finding little of use and HCB heads to where Ivan’s eyeball drone has found a bunk room with sleeping figures inside. Barry starts down the tunnel to join in on the massacre-unfortunately, it turns out to be an illusion concealing a dead end, only shattered by the sound of a door at the end of the tunnel splintering open and spewing forth 3 single rider bikes and two with sidecars. April has returned to the entrance and passed out from her adrenal overstimulation-Ivan pulls her to the side (leaving this part of the sim a very exciting array of sounds accompanied by a view of the wall). Barry and HCB stand their ground and fire at the enclosing bikes, taking one of them down. Barry dodges out of the way down the side tunnel, but HCB is run down, sustaining some serious damage. Ivan opens up with the heavy machine gun as the bikes round the corner, taking down one of the sidecar rigs, while Barry shoots a second single bike out from under it’s rider, who deftly jumps free of the wreck and makes a run for the entrance, only to be relieved of his head by Remus, still providing sniper cover. The remaining bike and sidecar exit, although the gunner in the sidecar is bleeding heavily. The single biker whoops with joy at his surprising escape, before he is also felled by Remus’ rifle. The driver of the remaining sidecar mutters an arcane phrase and transforms into a flock of birds which quickly disperse in multiple directions-Scrounge tries to discern which one is real to no avail.

The team searches the back room and discovers maps and markers detailing the plans of the group (called Olympus Prime) to reclaim Mars from the human incursion. Apparently Bathcat has set himself up as some sort of prophet of a coming technological collapse, and has near religious significance to members of the organization, which appears to be more widespread than the team had imagined based on their research. They seem to have plans to infiltrate corps and city government to help bring about the collapse, but it isn’t clear how much of this they have actually achieved yet. They haul April’s unconscious body to the car and they drive slowly and carefully back to Yerbal, having photographed the carnage and bringing along what’s left of the face of Gorode, the first victim of the sniper.

The mayor happily pays them the agreed upon price, plus extra for the map from their lair containing they plans. April wakes up, and decides this will make a good story for Hermes (“scary cult out in the wasteland”) heads back to they city in a cab, and begins going over it with Yann. She begins getting paid for subscription fees for run uploads. Get car patched up and running again at a local scrapyard, but it looks a little less sturdy and definitely more piecemeal. Barry feeds part of Gorode’s face to a stray dog that wanders into the bar while he’s waiting for the car to get fixed. The dog begins to follow him around, and he decides to bring it back to the city. They sell most of the weapons they collected in the cave to help offset the cost of auto repair, but they keep one heavy machine gun to mount on a newly installed swivel mount on the fold down passenger side windshield. They take 5 days doing all this.

Meet Mr Johnson Pt 3 and The structure hitters
2/6/2009, 9:10:00 PM
Dramatis Personae
Runners
April O’Mally
Scrounge
Remus Chandrasekharan
Barry Goldstein
Ivan the Jackle
Others
Mr Johnson
Bathcat
Yann Tillberg

Remus’ comm and programs have taken some serious damage, but he manages to clear out all the Azzie tracking software (he thinks). Ivan heads out to the wastes to heal up and lay low. Meets up with Scrounge, who provides some initial magical healing. Barry regains consciousness and joins them. Remus manages to hack the box and kill its tracking signal. April goes to the city, Yann uploads the adventure (last freebie), and then he and April “discover” it on the matrix and do a story around the attack on the spaceport. April gets brownie points with the bosses for her diligence in getting the first scoop on this.

The team heads to a wasteland junkyard to fix up the car, which took some serious damage from the cops during the escape. They party with the junkyard crew, with Barry supplying some discounted street drugs in return for a discount on the mechanic work. Ivan gets all matching parts, and gets the car news plates, tags, transponders, and paintjob to conceal its involvement. Remus opens box to scope out whats inside-looks like they might get screwed if the Johnson is still paying by the pound. It’s only some small samples, and some encrypted datasticks. Remus tries to decrypt, succeeds on one-care instructions. The other one gets wiped by a databomb, but it looked like genetic code. Barry takes a cutting and a copy of the care info for the Mad Martians to work on. The team doesn’t tell the Johnson this when he arrives in another one of the hopping machines, which he refers to as a rabbit.

They negotiate for a big payoff, the Johnson actually seems happier with this than with what he expected to get, as this is more likely to pay longterm dividends, with less need to reverse engineer the plant. It seems to be a deepweed and zen blend, allowing limited astral projection/hallucination among the non-awakened. The team heads to the hospital for three days, and also rearms. Yoleus contacts Barry and tells him that he got some work out of shooting up those BS goons in San Pablo-the locals were so impressed with his ultraviolence that word got around, and folks want to hire him to protect the nearby town of Yerbal from some primitivist structure hitters who have been destroying a lot of atmosphere, food, and water processors in nearby towns. So far they’ve hit a bunch of towns in a semi-circle around the area where their base is rumored to be, and Yerbal looks to be one of the next few, if they plan on completing the circle.

When the team gets to the town to investigate, they are offered two alternatives-they can set up an ambush and defend the town, or they can take the fight to the structure hitters. Either way, the mayor is paying out 250 nuyen per member, and 1000 nuyen each for the two bosses: Gorode and Bathcat, a pair of brothers who have been kicking around the wastes causing trouble for longer than anyone cares to recall. The team decides to raid the base.

They lose comms as they near the area of the supposed base-it appears to be a wirelesss deadzone. On approach to the cave lair, they are somewhat incautious, and the car takes a full burst of heavy machine gun fire into the engine block from a concealed nest. Ivan manages to reverse over a hilltop and get the car into cover, but it’s barely running (and he just fixed it-sad!). Ivan and Joel leave the car and crawl to the top of the hill, Remus snipes while Ivan spots. April and Scrounge go invisible and near invisible and sneak up on the nests near the cave entrance, while Barry ops for the opposite approach, running up guns blazing counting on his thick hide and armor to protect him. It doesn’t go as badly as it might, as he quickly takes out 1 gunner with a lucky burst, and only takes moderate damage from the other gunner, who is shortly thereafter killed by April and Scrounge. Before they have time to congragulate themselves, they are set upon by two guard dogs, who seem to guide towards scrounge. They inflict some minor wounds, but are quickly disabled. But who have they alerted inside?

Meet Mr Johnson Part 2
2/6/2009, 8:22:00 PM
Dramatis Personae
Runners
April O’Mally
Remus Chandrasekharan
Barry Goldstein
Ivan the Jackle
Others
Yoleus
Mr Johnson
Turgod

Barry has finally recovered enough to leave Dr Todd’s clinic, although he almost doesn’t want to-wandering around the nearby wastes kind of reminds him of his time in the go-gang back in CalFree. Fortunately, Yoleus has some work out this way, so he doesn’t have to head back into the city quite yet. Having lost a lot of soldiers on all sides of the undercity gang war, all the involved parties are sending out recruiters, both to other parts of the city and to some of the larger/closer settlements out in the wastes-after all, what 17 year old moisture farmer is going to turn down a life of crime and hooliganism in Mars City? The recruiters play off the everpresent trideo and sims glorifying gang life, and get a lot of gullible kids to join up. So Barry heads for the nearby settlement of San Pablo to do some recruiting. While there, he runs into some Black Shadows doing the same thing, and has a good old fashioned showdown. Problem being, he has an assault rifle and grenades and the Black Shadows have pistols. It’s over pretty quick, with three BS goons splattered all over the mainstreet storefronts. Barry shouts out a message to all those listening that the Mad Martians are the new bosses of the undercity, and then bails on foot before the local law enforcement such as it decides to do anything about his display of overwhelming force.

The team talks to the Johnson, and he arranges a pickup point via GPS for them to get some bioexplosives to swap for the drugs at the spaceport-make it all look like a terrible accident, and maybe no-one will notice the theft. Azzie has a private warehouse (as do most corps) at the spaceport, from which they transfer shuttles to the ferry-craft which will travel to Earth. So the team needs to breach spaceport security, and then Azzie warehouse security, without getting noticed. The team arrives at the GPS and sees a strange machine bounding towards them-some sort of monoped, it lands on a tightly coiled spring mounted foot and then bounces forward again, propelling itself over the uneven terrain with remarkable alacrity. It arrives, and the team receives the bioexplosive, as it bounds back off to points unknown. They head back to the city and pick up Barry on the way. The Johnson will get Ivan inside with a disposable car to pick up the team for extraction. Scrounge is returning in the U-haul to wait outside the spaceport to pick up the drugs and team, and then ditch it once they lose any tails. Barry calls Yoleus to try to get more missiles to no avail. Remus hacks the Aztechnology main node, finds an exploitable entrance-prying aside a stone at the base of their great pyramid, he slips inside.

Barry, meanwhile, picks up a car and two Mad Martians (Turgod and Marek). They are to be the distraction at the spaceport, while the rest of the team sneaks in. The Johnson has promised he can limit the local security response for long enough to get in and out, if the team can deal with any external security they pick up. They drive thru BS turf shouting MM slogans to pick up a tail, which they do-three cars full of BS goons follow them towards the spaceport in a running gun battle, 1 car is disabled on the way. Barry manages to blow up one of the spaceport guard towers during the gun battle which ensues on the highway outside. Marek is killed, Turgod and Barry are both heavily injured by the time they finish off the BS goons, they limp back towards their turf in one of the BS cars, while taking fire from the spaceport guards. They drop the body of one of the BS goons in BS turf as a final insult, and get shot up heavily in response, the car barely makes it back to MM turf. Barry’s assault rifle misfires and knocks him unconscious, so Turgod drops him at Fat Carl’s to heal up.

Meanwhile, April begins to sneak in while Remus tries to hack the warehouse security. Unfortunately, Azzie has good security and spots Remus. Worse yet, he doesn’t notice right away and his comm gets pretty trashed before he’s able to jack out, taking some serious dumpshock. He has better luck with the lower level spaceport security (and also some help from the Johnson), and disables some of the sensors before they go on full alert as April approaches. He also provides sniper cover on the remaining guard tower, neutralizing the gunner and spotter. April has a hard time with the fences-firt she gets hung up on the concertina wire and then she get shocked by the inner fence. Still recovering from that embarrassing demonstration, she runs in fear at the baleful glare of an awakened guard dog, after having dispatched it’s human companion in one swift blow. Remus snipes the dog, and April is able to recover her wits and return to the job at hand. Not wishing to attempt to pass the sensors at the front of the warehouse, she decides to sneak in thru roof access. She just notices the pressure pads in time to not set them off, and gains entry thru a vent system. Dropping down, she makes a little too much noise and comes to the attention of a ponytailed and muscular Latin American, who seems to flow around her defenses and ko her. Hearing what might be her death rattle over his comm, Remus calls on Ivan to create an entrance and sprints for the spaceport.

Ivan pulls his car out of cover and rams thru the fences, allowing Remus an easy escape. Ivan jumps into his cab, and begins navigating it towards the spaceport for pickup. Remus manages to snipe (while running) another guard dog and reaches the front of the warehouse in time to shoot the adept off the catwalk before he can deliver the death blow to April. Remus the finishes off the adept with another shot as the ponytailed man races towards him (how does he do this stuff? impressive for a desk jockey). the warehouse workers scatter for cover, and Remus sprints into the warehouse, setting off a series of alarms as he does so. He reaches april, recovers the bio-explosive, and roles her down the stairs-she seems to still be breathing. Running to the shuttle at the rear of the warehouse, he takes a wild guess as to which container holds the drugs (it seems a bit on the small side, but it looks like the most secure) and then sets off the bio-explosive by shooting it (foolishly). He takes serious damage from the blast, but also blows out the back wall of the warehouse, creating an avenue for their ecape, as security teams have reached the front entrance. Remus retreats under fire, hauling April and the box, very slowly, as he’s not exactly well muscled. he eventually passes out from a serious wound from a security guards rifle. Ivan returns fire from his newly arrived rigged cab just in time and is able to swoop in and get everyone into the car as the security team ducks for cover from ongoing autocannon shots. Ivan drives wildly thru the upper city, lower city, and in and out of town, in order to lose the numerous police tails they pick up. Fortunately, his heavily modified car responds more quickly than the first responder cop cars, and he manages to escape to Doc Todd’s. Somehow, the team has survived to fight another day-assuming they can pay their medical bills. otherwise, they might just find themselves stripped for parts.

Meet Mr Johnson
2/6/2009, 8:03:00 PM
Dramatis Personae
Runners
April O’Mally
Scrounge
Remus Chandrasekharan
Ivan the Jackle
Others
Mr Johnson
Ango Tyrell
Tendo

While the rest of the team was busy with kidnapping shenanigans, Scrounge ran into some bad luck. He was laying low and being cautious, due to rumors of some Striking Crane clan types looking for him, but apparently he wasn’t lucky enough, as he was ambushed in his own mana lodge and nearly killed. He manages to escape thru the sewers and takes refuge in April’s secret hideaway (where she keeps all her runner gear). The assassin also escapes, however, so Scrounge is watching his back. April files a really mediocre follow up to her kidnapping exclusive, but she still appears to be gaining with the bosses to the quality of that first piece. Ango contacts Scrounge with some high paying work, from a certain Mr Johnson that he’s worked with before. Ivan and Remus attend a party at the home of the middle class parents of Ivan’s gang member friend’s Tendo and Lig. However, it turns out the family is all ork posers, and Ivan drunkenly reveals them as such to the real orks in attendance, causing a brawl. Tendo is arrested and detained for a few days.

The team assembles at Fat Carl’s, Ango brings them a U-haul to use on the job. Ivan buys a missile launcher and two missiles from Wade, who was saving them for a special occasion, but is happy about Slot. The plan is to ambush an Aztechnology convoy on it’s way from the arcology to the spaceport, and steal some experimental drugs that they are carrying and planning on sending to Earth. The Johnson is paying by the pound, and tells the team to expect armed resistance. Scrounge parks the U-haul a mile out from the ambush site in the wastes. april sets up a bunch of plastique in the road as a trap and waits with the trigger, Ivan parks across the road with his hood up and blinkers on, hoping to halt the convoy directly over the explosives (which are a ways away from his expensive car, at his insistence). April and Remus both set up with snipers on hills overlooking the road, Scrounge goes invisible and waits up the road from the site with the missile launcher in order to try to get behind the convoy when it stops.

The convoy arrives, but doesn’t seem to be stopping, only slowing to go around. Their is the main truck, two lead groundcars, and two tailing hovercraft. All the outriders have vehicle mounted heavy machine guns. The plastique hurls the lead car thru the air in flames-no survivors. The truck crashes into the hole and gets stuck. Scrounge use 1 missile to shoot down a hovercraft, but the crew survives the hard landing. Ivan blows remaining lead car with autocannon, snipers take out the second hovercraft crew. The team then mops up the goons on the ground and in the truck. Some injuries sustained, but not too bad, amazingly. Disable jammer in the truck cab, and their comms come back up, revealing an urgent message from the Johnson that the convoy was a decoy and the real shipment is already at the spaceport-they better get there post-haste. Unfortunately, Remus has already opened the back of the truck by this point and gets scanned by a sensor array before an auto-destruct sequence triggers. The team flees the newly explosive wreckage and heads back towards the city as the Johnson sends them spaceport plans.

Tendo is a snitch?

Kidnapping the stars pt 2
2/6/2009, 7:37:00 PM
Dramatis Personae
Runners
April O’Mally
Remus Chandrasekharan
Ivan the Jackle
Others
Doc Todd
Jina Eson
One Shot Wade
Yann Tillberg
Long Pig

The team flees to Fat Carl’s, and then to Doc Todd’s. They sell the still warm organs of the two goons they brought with (to make it look like a setup), Doc Todd disposes of rest of remains. Ivan is pretty sure they weren’t tailed. They head out to Todd’s country clinic to lay low, heal up, and get some new implants, taking the hostage with them. They spend about a week there. When April gets a break at work, she heads out on her scooter to join them and figure out the next step-Wade is pressuring Ivan to dispose of the hostage for good, making sure to give the Black Shadows a public black eye-ransom has already been paid, so if she doesn’t turn up, it looks bad on them. Barry is going to remain in the hospital for a while to finish healing.

The team sees a public appeal from Romulus on all the main trideo channels, and Wade starts to fret about the promised undercity crackdown-he wants this resolved. Todd has meanwhile taken one of Jina’s kidneys to pay for the costs of keeping her at the clinic for a week, as well as drugging her to erase her short term memory. Team decides to re-ransom the hostage, sow further dischord within BS.

They drive back to Mars City, April on scooter, Ivan and Remus in Ivan’s rigged cab. The cab attracts a go-ganger attack, 1 chopper, 2 bikes with sidecars, Remus injured by elephant gun from a sidecar. They kill three of the riders and drive off the other two with the autocannon which was concealed in the cab roof. They reach Mars City, and meet April and Yann in the sewers beneath Problem Children turf. They encounter some difficulty entering the sewers, as Ivan releases a smoke grenade to hide their movements, forgetting that it also prevents all of them from seeing. They eventually find the sewer opening by feel. They stage the video as if April has uncovered a secret lead, and has been taken by masked BS operatives to this site to boradcast their new demands-more money to a different account (which Remus sets up). They almost forget to avoid filming the street sign at the bottom of the sewer ladder. they do remember to wear masks, however, and april manages to act convincingly scared. Remus is attacked by some sort of crazy cyver-ninja while covering his matrix trail on the account, but he sleazes his way out. The money quickly shows up, and the team releases the hostage (in PC territory, which Wade is none too thrilled about)-she quickly gets picked up by a convoy of upper city cops making a rare appearance, and has a very well covered public reunion with Romulus.

The team tries to access the money, and discovers instead a message from Long Pig, mocking their attempt to double cross the BS, and vowing revenge. Wade is even more pissed about not getting any of the money, so he sends the team on a dangerous nightclub raid to pay him back-the club is Slot, on the current frontline of the gangwar that the Mad Martians and Problem Children launched to capitalize on the confusion following the kidnapping. Apparently, a bunch of BS goons have been holed up in there, sniping PC’ers, and Wade needs a team to go in heavy and clean the place out, so that they can finish taking the block. Remus hacks the building plan, and the team plans their assault. Ivan enlists PC member Jaro to watch the side streets and make sure they don’t get surrounded.

Ivan watches front of building with eyeball drone while April sneaks up side in stealth suit and Remus ets up with his sniper across the street. When the assault begins, Ivan blasts out the front door and windows with his cab-mounted assault cannon while Remus snipes those figures visible inside. April gains access to the 3rd floor and quickly kills 3 goons in close combat, taking moderate damage and etting off her adrenal pump, putting her in a semi-controlled rage. Ivan enters thru the front door and him and April kill the remaining goons inside. They then head up to the 3rd floor again to investigate some locked doors. Ivan gets a serious shock, and then April blows the door open with c4, Ivan is the first thru, and is hit with a near-deadly fireball from a BS mage inside who looks to be rigging something up to the computer system in the room. In a rage, April charges him and tackles him out thru the window, heading towards the dump. The mage grins and triggers the explosives he was setting up-Ivan barely deduces what they are in time to jump out the window himself. April and Ivan are both unconscious from the explosion/fall, and the mage is killed. Remus manages to drive Ivan’s car (slowly and poorly) to the dump and haul them aboard, they head for Doc Todd’s clinic to heal up.

Yann uploads free teaser trideo and simstim for an upcoming “hotsim shadowrun subscription service.” He is careful to leave no datatrail-hopefully…..

Kidnapping the stars
1/30/2009, 2:45:00 PM
Dramatis Personae
Runners
April O’Mally
Remus Chandrasekharan
Barry Goldstein
Ivan the Jackle
Others
Yann Tillberg
Yoleus
One Shot Wade
Jina Eson

The party rests up for a while. April spends some time in the hospital, and then gets back to work. Unbeknownst to the rest of the team, she has been recording all of their runs on a headware sim recorder, and then having her elven coworker Yann Tillberg upload them to popular cold- and hotsim matrix nodes. he edits out the faces/defining physical characteristics of team members and notable others, as well as altering backgrounds and such, to avoid easy identification of the runners and their locations. april plans to begin offering her branded runs thru a pay-per-view service after first giving out some free teasers.

scrounge returns to his sewer lodge to lay low for a while, after he hears that some Striking Crane clan operatives are in town looking for him.

Barry hears from his Mad Martians gang boss, Yoleus, that the MM’s are considering an alliance with a neighboring gang, the Problem Children. The idea is for the MM’s and PC’s to team up against a gang that abuts both of their territories, the Black Shadows, who are the largest and most powerful of the undercity street gangs. They don’t really compete with organized crime, but they’re powerful and fairly wealthy, as their usual activites are kidnapping and extortion. If the MM’s and PC’s stop feuding along their common border, they can unite to take some turf off the edges of the BS zone. Barry calls up Remus, who’s been laying low above Fat Carl’s, and the two head over to PC turf to meet their contact.

Meanwhile, in PC turf, an ex-seattle based elven organlegger and rigger named Ivan is meeting with the PC gang boss, 1-Shot Wade. Wade tells him about the proposed alliance with the MM’s and fills him in on the job details, as well as the other members of his team. He meets up with them outside the Ares tower base, and fills them in. The job is to tail some BS operatives thru the uppercity until they kidnap a popular simstar, Jina Eson. Wade got wind of the job thru a source inside BS, and offered the truce to Yoleus to focus on this job and attacking the BS. After the kidnapping, the team is to follow the BS goons stealthily to their safehouse, and then infiltrate and rekidnap the simstar. They are supposed to make it look like an inside job if possible, to sow confusion in BS ranks ahead of the joint PC/MM invasion.

The team heads to the uppercity to pick up the tail, and begins following the simstar’s limo in Ivan’s tricked out taxi. They see the limo pull to a stop in front of an accident, and some BS ops jump onto the roof via ziplines from the buildings above. 1 cuts thru the roof with a monofilament chainsaw and the other fires some quick bursts into the cab, presumably dispatching the simstar’s guards. The BSers enter the limo and the team sees a dead body kicked out the door. The cars involved in the accident clear out, as does the limo. The team tails them to their safehouse, a four story multi-unit, fortunately a ways away from BS turf. Some BS guys take the girl inside, while some others take off with the limo. Another BS car pulls up out front and sets up across the street. Ivan rigs in his car while Remus hacks (nothing like two passed out-looking dudes in a cab) while Barry decides to scale the nextdoor apartment building to try to get a look.

Remus finds some building plans, and also creates a camera loop on the front door security system. Barry notices a sniper covering to street from the roof. Remus exits the matrix and makes his way to the building across the alley-he talks his way in, makes his way to the roof, hacks the fire alarm, and sets up his sniper on the fire escape. he takes out the rooftop guard, and Barry jumps over from the (higher) neighboring building, barely making it. he uses his selective sound filters to listen for more exterior guards, and hears a car approaching-it pulls into the alley parking behind the safehouse-maybe to get the girl? Ivan reenters his flesh and squeezes thru the crack between two adjacent apartment buildings to get into the alley parking behind the safehouse. he sneaks up on and silently executes the driver. remus covers the windows on the back of the safehouse from across the alley and tries to figure which room it is-he thinks he figures out the proper floor-sees some BS goons thru on a window on the right.

Ivan and Barry converge on the fire escape outside the window, Remus snipes 1 goon thru the window and Ivan and Barry bust in and quickly dispatch the other, all silenced weapons so far. they are in a surveillance room, and the girl seems to be across the hall. barry exits the room, and with his advanced hearing picks up a guard at the end of the hall on the stairwell. he (amazingly, for a geared-up troll) sneaks up on the guard and gorily separates his upper torso from his abdomen with his monofilament thumb whip. Ivan goes across the hall, and knocks. the door clicks and a voice says “come in.” Remus can’t see much, as the room is pitch black.

Ivan and Barry enter, but are quickly blinded when the lights flare on. they are also greeted by submachine gun fire-always a pleasant surprise. Ivan takes some serious wounds, but Barry manages to shake off most of the bullets. Remus quickly regains his sight and snipes 1 guard who is in his line of sight, but hiding behind a sofa from the team members in the hall. Barry launches in a grenade and takes out the other guard (who goes flying out the window), but also lightly wounds the hostage. The submachine gun fire and the guard crashing thru the window seems to have alerted the other BS’ers. Ivan tries to sow some confusion by talking into one the dead goons’ earpieces that the dead goon has gone rogue (he picks up his name of a license in his pocket), and then takes the body with him. Barry takes the hostage. Remus bolts down the fire escape, and the team enters the idling BS car in the parking space.

They start turning around (Remus driving (poorly) while Barry sets up in back and ivan rigs). Ivan pulls his cab around the corner, deploys the concealed autocannon, and blasts the BS car in front of the house, and then the front of the building for good measure. as the exit the alley, two more BS cars come racing up in pursuit. Barry knocks out the back window in the stolen BS car and launches some airburst grenades while ivan continues blasting with the autocannon. they round the corner and quickly destroy the last BS car. However, their car has taken some heavy machine gunfire damage, and is barely limping along, so they all switch over to Ivan’s cab, with the hostage in the (refrigerated) trunk, and make their escape, as sirens begin to wail behind them. Remus realizes that he knows of this simstar-she is Jina Eson, and is dating his much more famous and more popular brother, Romulus. Only then do they realize that the hostage definitely also saw all of their faces, since they weren’t even wearing masks. Total amateurs…..

Next up, they figure out what to do with a wounded simstar…..will Remus seek revenge for his brother’s slights?

Wade has source inside BS remus has brother issues

Finding the fixer
1/30/2009, 2:26:00 PM
Dramatis Personae
Runners
April O’Mally
Scrounge
Remus Chandrasekharan
Barry Goldstein
Others
Ango Tyrell

So the party makes their way thru the sewers to the undercity, and holes up in Fat Carl’s to recuperate. April heads home and checks in at work, and Scrounge makes contact with Ango to set up a meet to exchange the data Remus stole for some cold, hard nuyen. actually, probably credchips and direct deposits. but, you know, still money. Barry is resting upstairs under the care of a gang medic, and eating a bunch of Fat Carl’s famous subs, so he recovers fairly fast-being a troll doesn’t hurt either.

Unfortunately, when Scrounge gets ahold of Ango, things seem a bit off, as Ango offers to meet them at a different site than planned, and tells Scrounge he better bring the whole party, so that Ango can check them out. Scrounge senses somethings up, and arranges the meet for the next evening, in the undercity warehouse district. He calls April, and she decides to scout out the meet site and look for good sniping points/side entrances/etc.

The next night, Barry, Remus, and Scrounge hire a Prometheus cab and ride to the meet. April travels separately and begins sneaking onto the roof and into a vent system she noticed earlier. Barry, somewhat impatient to set off the trap, heads straight thru the front door before April is set up. Sure enough, it looks like someone got ahold of Ango before Scrounge got in touch-he’s tied to a chair, with some heavily armored goons taking cover behind some crates on either side, and slight, unassuming man directly behind him.

The slight man speaks up and suggests that the party has stolen something from his employers, and that they demand it’s return, along with the scientist. not waiting to hear out the rest of his offer, Barry and Remus open fire, and Scrounge summons a spirit. April continues to sneak down the vents until she reaches a grate, which she cuts out and lets drop. The party quickly drops the first two guards, but the slight man seems to slip thru space and quickly gets up close and personal, hitting Remus with deadly force with his bare hands.

Fortunately, april is able to line up a sniper shot, and quickly takes him down. however, she doesn’t go unnoticed as another guard with a heavy machine gun opens fire from cover and ventilates her position, nearly killing her. Barry quickly dispatches this final guard with a grenade, and the party frees Ango, much to his relief. He explains that W-Y must of caught wind of his looking for a buyer, and hired the goon squad to foul the deal. However, he quickly finds an interested client and offloads the data, which is good, since April desperately needs some very expensive hospitalization….but at least they got paid.

Next time, the party meets an exciting new undercity character….

Ango’s real grateful…but W-Y probably even more pissed-vat grown assasins aren’t cheap

Assault on Weyland Yutani Tower
1/28/2009, 12:09:00 PM
Dramatis Personae
Runners
April O’Mally
Scrounge
Remus Chandrasekharan
Barry Goldstein
Others
Ango Tyrell
Fat Carl

In the uppercity, April O’Malley emerges from her most recent surgery, looking for action. Previously a mild mannered news reporter, she has become more machine than woman. All of this was prompted by an attempted kidnapping which left her bleeding and unconscious in an alley-her last sight, a Japanese man in ragged clothing emerging from the sewers to drive off her attackers with spellcraft. When she awoke in the hospital the first time, she knew she would never be the same-she wanted not only to be able to defend herself, she thirsted for adventure. Luckily her corporate salary as a newscaster for Hermes Corp (and the aid of a mysterious benefactor) allowed her to quickly undergo major surgery, replacing many of her biological components with bio- and cyberware. The mysterious Japanese man had left her a number, and she decides to give him a call.

Meanwhile, Scrounge, a Japanese rat shaman, has word of a new job from his fixer, Ango Tyrell. He’s been doing odd surveillance work since he arrived in Mars City, but it sounds like this job is going to require some muscle. He immediately thinks of Fat Carl’s, the undercity dive bar. Knowing that Carl will be able to recommend someone from the local street gangs, Scrounge decides to go recruiting. He receives a call from the woman he had rescued a few weeks back-random as it was, he had a feeling it would prove to be an important meeting. She’s looking for work, so he directs her to Fat Carl’s to discuss the job.

April arrives quickly on her scooter, to the mockery of a number of Mad Martians gang members outside. Barry Goldstein, a young and tough looking troll, gives her an especially hard time. They bond over fisticuffs, finding that they are well matched at close combat. April recuits Barry for the job as well, with Fat Carl’s assurance that Barry is reliable and useful in a fight.

With the party assembled in the back of the bar, Scounge shares the job details. Ango, as usual, is acting as a middle man, the hiring party is some wageslave scientist in the Weyland-Yutani bioweapons research tower in the uppercity. Apparently this scientist discovered that W-Y is planning on liquidating the facility, and everyone in it, due to some unexpected research developments-some sort of special project has apparently gone wrong. The scientist needs to be extracted-he’ll be able to help the party somewhat, by hacking from the inside, but he’s also going to be busy stealing as much data as possible from W-Y to pay for the job. The party can expect armed resistance from W-Y security staff and the building’s automated defenses. The run needs to happen right away, as the liquidation is scheduled to begin this evening, so there isn’t much time to plan.

Fortunately, Scrounge (being a rat shaman on the run) is familiar with Mars City sewer grid, and with a little computer research, the party locates the area of the sewers below the W-Y corp tower. They manage to sneak there undetected, and Remus Chandrasekaran, their man on the inside, hacks the door and creates a camera feedback loop after he sneaks out of his office and connects to the mainframe, so they can enter thru the garbage disposal level undetected. They enter, but quickly come to the notice of the nearby guardpost. After a short few seconds of gunfire and grenade throwing, the guards are no more (to say nothing about the guardpost). The party continues up a ladder from the back of the ruined post to the main lobby area, after Remus hacks it open. They reach the elevator banks and take the elevator to the 12th floor, the highest available. there, they encounter and slay another corpsec officer at the reception desk. attempting to puzzle out how to get higher up to the controlled research areas, they hear an awfull screeching noise from the elevator shaft behind them. As an elevator car crashed thru the roof and plummets to the bottom of the shaft, accompanied by it’s passengers screams. Remus learns that his rescue party has arrived none too soon: the liquidation has begun.

The party makes their way up the elevator shaft to the previously inaccessible upper floors, once again Remus provides hacking support to clear doors and security systems. The party encounters some nasty biomorphs of some sort in one of the labs (one of the special projects apparently) and then recovers Remus and his recently stolen paydata from the mainframe room. Now, to escape…..

The party heads up the security stairs towards the roof as the building begins to fill with smoke, engaging in a running gun battle with some corpsec forces. once on the roof, they see there is only 1 helicopter remaining, for the corpsec guys to make their escape. With a lucky shot from a sniper rifle, April knocks the sidegunner out the back of the chopper, and the rest of the party hunkers down behind whatever cover they can find as the corp forces return fire. Barry takes some rough hits and collapses. The party kills the rest of the guards and forces the pilot to take off at gunpoint, dragging their unconscious troll friend along.

They are barely off the roof when an explosion shakes the tower and sends a cloud of noxious smoke gushing out of the still open stairwell door. They force the pilot to make for a nearby park, but are get nailed by a missile from another corp chopper before they can set down. The pilot is killed in the landing, but the party manages to escape with only minor injuries (mostly by landing on the still unconscious troll). They take cover around a fountain in the park while the corp chopper strafes the area with machine gun fire. April manages to blow a hole thru the fountain into the sewer below, and the party escapes via the tunnels, with Scrounge leading.

Next up: they try to get paid!

Weyland-Yutani freezes Remus’ accounts and watches his apartment and known contacts