
Team 2 Part 6
9/26/2015, 2:41:58 PM
Runners
Shri Moreau
Achilles Serifim
Munty
Twitch
Clippy
and Introducing: “Bug” Tussle

Shri decides to hold off on deciding what to do with Achilles’ recent betrayal until the rest of the team returns. Munty and Twitch both fly back in from NYC, having completed their jobs there. Munty brings the Seattle decker Clippy into the mix too, as ‘Drekbomb’ Jackslaw is still reluctant to go back into the field. Clippy scans Achilles, and finds a hardened stealth tracker, which they disable, but they decide they better bail on the Ork Underground safehouse they’ve been using, as it is almost surely compromised at this point. Twitch convinces Servaas Nikolic, who has been on an epic BTL bender, to slot one of his P-fix chips, which gets him up and moving (a little too enthusiastically- Twitch eventually convinces him to switch from “action hero” to “chill”). Servaas also tells the team that he has a contact in town, an old acquaintance from his reality trid/bounty hunting days. They arrange to meet this man, Bug Tussle, later on at the Big Rhino.

With Seducer’s help, and input from a variety of sources, they reach a solution for Achilles. They decide to call it water under the bridge, in that it happened, but seems not to have had severe consequences for them as of yet. They’ll have to be careful of Aztechnology, but that’s kind of always the case. Achilles agrees to acquire some Laes from his Tir contacts, and to keep a dose in his auto-injector, and 1 in his false tooth, so that he can erase his recent memory if he gets captured again (or gets ko’ed on a run). They figure this should be good enough for the time being, and Shri plans to bring him more under her wing to secure his loyalty a bit better (before perhaps betraying him in the future at an opportune moment, if she’s feeling vengeful).

They also track down an old and abandoned firehouse to rent as the new Safehouse. They kit it out a little bit, and set Servaas up as the safehouse master (for now) to give him something to do, which it seems like might help him. They also establish some common rules, which is basically don’t come there if you are being followed, and don’t bring civilians around (other pro’s is ok, using discretion). Munty is excited about the prevalence of rats to feed/befriend. The build-out on the space should be done by the time they finish their next job: using the info they received from Izidor Kurtlanik to finally get revenge on Theo Two-Hearts!

They head to the Rhino to meet Bug, and find a grizzled man in his 50’s with an air of both competence and quiet desperation, wearing a fringed armor jacket and generally looking straight outta the 2050’s. Munty tries to rifle through his pockets, but he catches her doing so, and they have an awkward few first minutes. However, Servaas vouched for both sides, Bug needs work, and he’s a skilled spirit fighter and hunter/tracker, so he seems like a good guy to have along on the job. They agree to terms, and report to Pia Oliversson that they’re ready to move on it. She gives them a little bit of job money, as she’s also pissed at Two-Hearts for burning her. She is similarly unhappy with Achilles.

They contact Blackhawk to run them across the Sioux border again, and he agrees, for a severe discount, as Two-Hearts trashed his safehouse. Clippy does some matrix recon, and finds out that Two-Hearts now holds dual Sioux/ Evo Corporation citizenship, and resides on a secure research facility way out in the boonies. Supposedly, this facility is dedicated to food research, but rumors on the matrix point to other experimental biotech taking place there, and possibly even a wing dedicated to figuring out what is going on with CFD. Bug sends a spirit scout ahead, who confirms that Two-Hearts is on the base, as they fly over in BH’s Osprey. BH and Achilles bound over their common military background, and Twitch (using his action hero persona) tries to join in, but is unable to convince them (as he mostly remembers training montages, and tragic battlefield deaths of a series of best friends and lovers).

They parachute down a ways out from the facility, and make their way on foot the rest of the way, using their high plains ghillie blanket from the last Sioux run to provide some concealment as they near. Spotting drone security, and deducing that the base probably uses a “safe target” IFF system, they decide to wait on the access road and ambush a car coming up, to hopefully get some RFID tags to mark themselves as “employees”. Shri plays an injured traveler, and cons a car into stopping. Bug, Achilles, and Twitch kill the 3 men inside, grab their RFID’s, and hide the bodies under the ghillie blanket, off the road a ways. Clippy and Achilles conceal themselves in the back of the jeep, while Twitch drives and Shri and Munty ride upfront (with the 3 chips). Bug stays outside with a sniper rifle to provide cover as needed.

They drive up to the base’s entrance, and Shri manages to con her way past the Evo Marine guard at the booth, distracting him while Clippy qucikly adds her name to the pre-approved list. They enter, and park briefly in the lot, while Bug sends another spirit to locate the target. The spirit guides them towards him in astral space, with Munty navigating. They find Two-Hearts surrounded by 4 Evo Marines in a farm field, with a large number of farm drones clustered around them. These drones, as well as the security drones, seems to have disconnected themselves from the WAN, and seem to be self-upgrading. Clippy is disturbed, but also fascinated, and Munty wants to flee, but holds it together. As they pull up, they see Two-Hearts unplugging a data-cable from the nearest farm drone.

Meanwhile, Bug has been trying to sneak around the base in the flat plains, and gets spotted and ko’ed by a security drone. Luckily, his spirit was still around, and comes to the rescue, concealing him and hauling him away from the combat zone. Twitch guns the car towards Two-Hearts and the Marines, who all dive aside in a disturbingly synchronized fashion. He rams the farm equipment instead, slightly damaging the Jeep, but trashing many of the drones. Achilles jumps out and slices one of the Marines with his monofil whip, before bieng ko’ed himself by the Marine’s shotguns. They get in a drawn-out and brutal fight- the Marines keep rising again after they think they’ve put them down, after twitching and writhing on the ground: something is definitely wrong here.

They finally get a solid hit on Two-Hearts, who seems to snap out of a trance as he looks around him. He seems very surprised to see them and asks what they are doing there, and says they have to help him escape- something is wrong with him! They refuse and shoot him again, which seems to cause a personality switch. They briefly discuss grabbing him to take him with, but after Twitch sees how much blood is all over his body already, he decides against it and caves Two-Hearts skull in with his own ancestral tomahawk. They load up into the Jeep and race towards the fence as the security drones finally turn on them en masse (Clippy has been slowing them down via hacking).

Twitch rams through the fence, but heavily damages the Jeep in doing so, between the electrical charge and the impact itself. Achilles suppressive fires out of the rear of the vehicle to try to keep the drones and remaining marine back. They’re worried they aren’t going to make it, when Blackhawk’s Osprey suddenly drops in before them and opens up on their pursuers with a gatling gun. BH also seems to have winched up Bug’s body while security was distracted, so they race aboard, and Achilles stuffs the tomahawk into his smuggling compartment to reduce the chances of being magically tracked. They race for the border, taking a more circuitous route than on the way in to avoid any heightened security.

They arrive safely in Seattle, and return to their new safehouse- Munty has a small dugout (perhaps the beginning of a proper warren?) and with Rat’s help, uses her recent experiences to gain the ability to focus her magic and transform into a rat form. Shri relaxes in her private “panic room” which she pays extra for. Achilles and Twitch both feel like it might be a good idea to get scoped out by a street doc or something, to make sure they didn’t catch anything, as they were right up in the thick of it, and got spattered with quite a bit of biological material during the firefight. Next up: time to make some money!!

Midair Massacre
9/20/2015, 2:20:22 AM
Runners:
Hacking Crew:
Munty
Barnaby “Wombat” Rudd
Chaimberlain ‘Drekbomb’ Jackslaw
Sem-par
and introducing Clippy
Extraction Team:
Munty
Aemon Burst
Christopher Toff
Ro Tain
Chessick Allens-Whitehill
and introducing Wheels

The team from the archive job meets up in the Underground, with the help of the Rat Pack, and reaches a safehouse in Terminal. Munty and Ro join them. After Aemon awakens, and is assensed by Toff, he confronts Ortega about how he survived. Ort confirms that he gave Aemon some ghoul blood, in order to save his life/soul. Aemon tells him that he did a good job, and says Scorpion Gallery Scarf, detonating Ort’s head bomb. The Rat Pack charges them extra for the mess. They also are contacted by the Catholic Church and by Vasuda Mueller, requesting Ortega’s remains. They decide to give them to the Ghoul Liberation League, who say they will venerate them appropriately, and pay a small sum. Aemon and Ro also manage to track down the NYC branch of The Continental with Sully’s help, having found a strange RFID chip on Ortega. They also find out that they are the executors of Ortega’s will- which primarily leaves his amassed fortune to the GLL with a significant donation to Aemon’s Kids. They have a quick spa day at the Continental to unwind after the tension of that whole mess, and get entered into its systems as “members.”

The remaining team accepts another job from One, and hire a bunch of out of town hackers to do the first stage. Munty helps SP and Rudd sneak onto an airport to gain access to classified flight transponder codes for a private corp flight out of SeaTAC. Clippy and Drekbomb provide support from offsite after grid-hopping over. They gain access to the backup flight support facility, and get the codes while Munty ko’s the few wandering security guards who get too close. They manage to exfiltrate without getting snagged, and SP and Rudd make their return flight to Hamburg. Munty heads out to Buffalo with Chessick in tow (who has discovered some tantalizing hints about the hunt for Atlantis on the extra drive he grabbed at the Vault), and meets up with the rest of the team.

They have managed to convince and old dwarf rigger, Wheels, to come out of retirement for “one last job.” Luckily he still has all his rigger gear, and has been aching from some action. They are supposed to pull off his “signature job” again: a midair extraction. One wants them to get 4 corp execs, and kill everyone else in an “accident” to cover it up. They spend a few days tooling up an old plane Wheels has handy, camouflage it as best they can. Using the transponder code and flight info, they plan to intercept right after the corp flight crosses the Sioux border back into UCAS. Wheels buys some insulated, bulletproof bodybags from Team Zero to keep the execs safe during the extraction.

They take off, and cruise high up while Chessick uses the transponder codes to hack into the flight controls. After taking control, they descend both flights to a lower altitude, and get into a holding pattern nearby, before launching over on the glider sled. They magnet on, cut through the hull, kill the pilots and guards, and manage to (barely) zipline the 4 execs back to their plane, where Chessick and Munty catch them. Chessick codes a new flightplan to send the corp plane into Lake Michigan just past Chicago, figuring that Bug City is a good cover for a mysterious accident.

They split off, and return to Buffalo, where there is a group of Red Dragon Triad goons waiting. They provide the pay, and leave with the execs. The team celebrates at Wheels’ nearby bar, and starts planning how to get into Boston. Toff confirms that MIT&T will also be a good place to find out more Atlantis info, which he and Chessick are very invested in, and Aemon is excited to see some brutal action and find out more about CFD.

Vault Hunting
8/31/2015, 9:23:17 PM
Runners
Aemon Burst
Ortega
Christopher Toff
Chessick Allens-Whitehill
Twitch

After the success of the last job, One hires the team again for a heist. They seemed to have gained some face, as One treats them with noticeably increased respect. Curious about their employers, Aemon researches them on Jackpoint, and finds out that they are fixers working directly for the great dragon Lung, the titular entity of the Red Dragon Triad. They have a fearsome rep on their own as well, so the team decides they best not disappoint. One, once again, provides a detailed dossier on the target: the main city of New York data archives, in a secure offline vault storage system under the city center library. It was built post-Crash 2.0 to withstand disasters, hackers, technomancers, and thieves, so this will be a challenge. It uses wi-fi negating wall treatments, but the magical security seems light- mostly focussed on detection and reporting of magical threats, rather than actual counter-measures.

Toff, using his MIT&T grad student SIN, accesses the vault as a “legit” user, to check the protocols, and seeing the difficulty of access they decide they will need 2 things: a large shaped charge, and a distraction. Luckily, Prometheus Engineering, which built the library and vault (as well as many of the other spaceage structures in Manhattan) also provides security. And they have an additional office building/warehouse next door. The 2 building’s security teams act as backup for each other until NYPD INC shows, and the security spiders for both bulldings share an office next door.

So the plan is: Aemon and Ortega will steamroll into the office building, and using non-lethal ammo and gas grenades, neutralize any guards they encounter (and hopefully the spiders), which should call the library guards over. The rest of the team will have entered the library ahead of time, with a large C4 charge concealed in Twitch’s cyberleg smuggling compartment. Toff will conceal them using spellcraft, while they sneak downstairs, and re-route the hardwired alarms. Then they will attempt to bypass the physical locks to get to the final vault door, which they will blow (the sound of which Toff will also conceal). They will use a pre-summoned spirit to grab the drive they need, and sneak back out, hopefully exiting the building amidst a crowd if any patrons haven’t been cleared out yet. They also get a side job from Sully to swap one drive with another provided by a client.

The team accesses the library legitimately, and disable the alarm on a fire escape door, leading to a back stairwell. Toff (invisible) goes ahead to spot cameras/sensors, while Twitch and Chessick trail behind, disabling them. They reach the sub-basement door, and disable that alarm as well. They find the electrical room without encountering any guards, and Twitch and Chessick prepare to re-route the alarms as soon as Ort and Aemon start the distraction. Toff stays on astral/clairvoyant overwatch.

Meanwhile, Aemon and Ort, having finished their street food, enter the office building, and using SNS rounds, ko the guard at the desk, and dash through the security sensors, setting off a series of alarms in the process. They race up the fire escape (more alarms) as panicked employees try to flee the other way. They don gas masks, and ko another guard on the way to the top floor. They loose some gas grenades, and ko the remaining 2 guards, who only manage to hurt them a little. However, the spiders have locked their room down, and Aemon is heavily injured by a drone turret firing SNS back at him. They destroy the turrets, but can’t find a way in. So they content themselves with chucking more gas grenades from the windows at the arriving security from next door.

Back at the library, with the signals re-routed, the team heads back up a floor, disabling a final fire alarm, before sneaking towards the vault as they hear the guards heading up in the elevator, and a PA alarm instructing all patrons to head to the 1st floor, where library staff can keep an eye on them until the security situation is dealt with. Through a combo of technical ability and magic, they manage to imitate the procedure that Toff observed and gain access to the main vault, without setting off any alarms or traps. They place the charge and blow the door. However, Twitch overdid it a little bit, and the blast, the rapid exit of all the air in the room, and the shrapnel cloud nearly kills Chessick. Luckily, Twitch snags him with a grapple gun before he gets sucked through the hole and falls to his death. Toff heals him up magically, and Twitch and the spirit enter to grab the drives.

Aemon and Ort decide to flee, but find that the spiders seems to have locked the building down, with security shutters over man doors. They manage to pry and squeeze their way through, but lose 1 gun and their crowbar in the effort. They jump out a back window on the 2nd floor, to head to their Underground entrance/escape route, where their Rat Pack contact awaits. They are spotted by some civilians, some of whom scream, flee, film them, or call for help. They dash off on foot, but are quickly overtaken by 2 cop cars. They race for the sewers, but Aemon is killed by a shotgun blast after firing at one of the cars. Ortega scoops him up, and dives in, as the Rat Pack drags a cover over. Fearing for his friend’s life (and immortal soul), Ortega massages some of his blood down Aemon’s throat, returning him sputtering to life (though only just).

The rest of the team, having retrieved the drives with no trouble, manages to join the milling patrons as they are escorted from the building (as the explosion appears to have set off a seismic sensor, and the spirit some sort of astral intrusion alarm). With Toff maintaining their invisibility spells, and some lucky sneaking, they escape the police cordon that is hastily being established, and rendevouz with their own Rat Pack escape route a short ways away. Twitch grabbed 1 extra drive, so they have 1 mystery drive for Sully’s client, 1 for themselves, and the sole master copy of the blueprints of NYC for One. Now they just have to escape through the treacherous tunnels of the Underground.

A Manhattan Project
8/10/2015, 4:23:02 PM
Runners
Aemon Burst
Ortega
Chessick Allens-Whitehill
Munty
Twitch

Ro Tain returns to Renraku’s warm embrace to “upgrade her body”, they have apparently made some advances since she was initially grown. The rest of the team (including Christopher Toff and Chem) leave Chicago, with Munty onboard as well. They smuggle Aemon and Ort out in the compartments, using some fast talking and bribes. They head for NYC, while shaking off the pestilential effects of the previous fight with the toxies. Munty hears from Pia Oliversson that she has a job lined up for them in NYC, and is sending a new runner named Twitch out to meet them. They arrange to link up at LaGuardia, and leave Chem and Toff with the vans in longterm parking, to watch over all the gear they can’t carry onto Manhattan.

They link up, and get kinda weirded out by Twitch, who asks to stash a large load of BTL’s in their van as well. They receive a message from a local fixer named Sully offering them a ride into town, and some help navigating Manhattan’s peculiarities. As Sully claims to know all the best spots, and they are early for the meet, Chessick gets him to drop by a quality back alley suit place, and get his armor repaired as well as some new duds. They head to the meet, at a bar called Contents Under Pressure. Weirdly, they have a window for the meet rather than a specific time. They get in with no trouble as they left all their weapons behind, and grab a table. However, they all get distracted or approached by various parties, including some agonizing college philosophers, a recent divorcee, a gigolo on the prowl, and a wine snob. Managing to control their tempers and navigate some social situations, they wait around for the Johnson, though their suspicions are somewhat aroused by the unusual forwardness of the patrons. Munty picks some pockets, but failing to find anything good, gives up and sleeps under the table for a bit.

After and hour has passed, they are ushered into a back room by an apologetic server, where an Asian man in fatigues with a 58th Battle Brigade unit patch brings them through a secret door. They find themselves in a loading dock, surrounded by more mercs, with a table set in the middle of the room. Across the table are 3 people: a large female African troll carrying a drone, a surprisingly-aged Asian elf man in a robe covered in Wujen symbols, with glowing eyes and lightning crackling from his fingers, and an Asian man who looks like a classic suited gangster. The gangster type ushers them over and tells them to sit. Chessick inquires what was up with that stuff in the bar, and the man half smiles and says it was “merely a test.”

After some cryptic negotiation of terms and pay, they introduce themselves as One, and explain that they are hiring on behalf of the Red Dragon Triad. They want to subsume the local Big Circle Triad into their organization, and want the team to blackmail 3 of the more vulnerable council members. As long as they convince all 3 to cooperate, or convince 2 and kill 1, before the end of the week, they will be paid in full and potentially offered further work. They receive a dossier on the targets, and get to work. After some B&E and some social engineering, they convince the first target to cooperate by securing surveillance of her communicating with the Triad, and threatening to alert her employers at Zurich Orbital Bank to her affiliations. Being a logical type, and seeing that she is a bad spot, she agrees. Twitch creeps everyone out a little by switching back and forth between a wannabe romantic comedy character and a noir detective persona during the run. Onto the next target!

They decide to have Twitch stay and watch the safehouse during the next leg, as he seems to have defaulted to his base “blank” state and is weirding everyone out. Sully messages Ortega that there are some of “his people” in a community in The Pit, after dropping Ort off near The Continental, and seemingly discerning his purpose/true nature despite his disguise. Ort decides to check it out while the rest of the team recons the next 2 targets. He gets to the Pit with no trouble, and follows his nose once inside. However, he fails to scare off some local ganger youth after misplaying his attempt to intimidate, and decides he better teach one a lesson. Before he knows it, he has caught and is devouring the youngest one, a boy of about 12. Horrified at his harming of a child, he panics, and Aemon has to talk him back to the safehouse, where he decides to lay low for a while.

The rest of the team checks out the second target, a talismonger with Aztechnology ties. Munty scopes out his shop, and spots a back room where it looks like the real deals go down, as the front is mostly tourist trinkets and some basic reagents. She buys an enormous quantity of rabbit’s feet as a cover, and leaves. Aemon mails them to Aemon’s Kids as a gift, along with a carton of smokes. They decide that Chessick (acting as a dilettante) and Aemon (his bodyguard) while distract the mark and get him out of the shop, while Munty infiltrates and sets up some surveillance gear. Chessick convinces him and his girlfriend to hit the clubs (on Chessick’s dime) and they close up early. They go to a Triad club, but Aemon is able to confirm via Jackpoint that it is neither Big Circle nor Red Dragon operated: a good first component for the blackmail.

The talismonger procures some drugs from a source at the club, who he seems to be steeply in debt to. He gets Chessick to overpay, paying down his debt a bit, and they all slam back a small vial. Chessick is forced to astrally perceive for the first time ever, and spends hours dancing, before Aemon makes him vomit to try to get him out of there (after the mark leaves). Chessick keeps tripping for hours though, and has a nasty crash afterwards, as well as terrifying dreams of shadowy forms trying to grasp him. He wakes up wanting more, desperately, and Aemon, with some research, is able to confirm that he has become addicted to tempo, an incredibly dangerous drug with some nasty side effects. However, they got good blackmail info.

Meanwhile, Munty infiltrated the shop (using biometrics that Chessick had hacked in) without a hitch, and plants the cameras. She tries to steal another rabbit foot on the way out, but almost sets off a motion detector and bails instead. They decide to leave the cameras to gather more evidence for another day or so while they check out target 3: a Renraku Computer Systems security officer. His only vulnerability (as he lives where he works, at a secure Renraku complex) is his daughter, who attends a prestigious private girl’s school downtown. They decide to take a 2-pronged approach, so Chessick hacks her social media profile, figures out how to copy her writing style from some old assignments, and forges some heavily plagiarized work for her upcoming assignments, explicitly violating the school’s code of conduct. He sets a data bomb inside, to delete the files if the father cooperates.

That night, Munty sneaks past the school’s security, while the rest of the team provide matrix, astral, and physical overwatch, and gains access to the girl’s room. She takes a picture of her gloved hands “framing” the sleeping girl’s face, and then plugs into her commlink, which Chessick hacks and uses to submit the plagiarized assignments. Munty can’t resist stealing some ice cream from the dorm room fridge, and slips while climbing back out the window and trying to eat it at the same time, falling into some shrubs below. Luckily, she manages to slow her fall and creep off before security responds, though it does look like she woke up the people in the room she left as well.

They call the father from their doss in Terminal, and give him the terms: he will cooperate or they will get his daughter expelled. They send the pic Munty took to get his attention, and prove they can get to her when/should they need to. He grunts and angrily tries to argue but Chessick shuts him down, having correctly surmised that attending this school will be a major social step up for the next gen of his family, and that he is unwilling to compromise. He agrees to help, although he says that they have greatly dishonored him, which Chessick scoffs at. They bail on Terminal, in case the sec officer tracks them, and head to The Pit to try to crash with the ghouls. They find the Ghoul Liberation League compound without any trouble, and arrange to rent a safe room there for the next few nights. Ort is summoned upstairs to meet their leader, Vasuda Mueller.

She tells him that his actions of a few nights previous have caused some problems, as the GLL has a carefully negotiated arrangement with the other denizens of The Pit. Eating children on the street is not how they do things here. He apologizes, and she tells him that it would be a shame to have to throw him in with the ferals in the underground. Ort takes the hint and promises to behave. She also says that given his situation (i.e. the bounty) it would be best if he laid low, as she doesn’t want any trouble for her people, though she appreciates his True Communion teachings. He tells her he is only passing through town.

They decide to retrieve the gear from the talismonger’s, and Munty sneaks back in while Ort provides lookout, while Chessick and Aemon go back to the same bar to meet up with the proprietor again. They quickly review the footage, but don’t find any further incriminating evidence- it seems like he runs the shop pretty clean, and mostly keeps his habits on the sidelines. So Chessick lays it out with what they have: he is addicted to a notoriously dangerous, unstable drug, and is in debt to dealer’s working for a different Triad, all of which Big Circle would frown upon. The mark agrees to swap loyalties, on the condition that Chessick gets Red Dragon to square his debts and allow him to do as he pleases with his free time. Chessick runs it by One, who agree, and confirms.

With that completed, they accept a final small task from One, and deliver some sort of message scroll to the Big Circle Triad’s incense master at his fancy penthouse. The rest of the council is also there- the sec officer staring daggers at them, the talismonger casually greeting them, and the auditor avoiding their eyes. The fact that runners, rather than Red Dragon Triad members, delivered this message is a calculated insult (and perhaps the real message) to remind the BC of their new place as RD subsids. They leave, before any trouble starts, having succeeded in not doing anything grossly inappropriate. Ort receives a call from Vasuda, who tells him her sources say that some Euro types have been asking after him around town. The team decides not to go back to the GLL place, in case it’s being watched, and accept another job from One, which includes a decent hotel in the pay. This time, they’re going to break into the ultra-secure offline archive and steal the master blueprints for NYC!

Team 2 Part 5
8/10/2015, 3:20:23 PM
Runners
Shri Moreau
Achilles Serifim
and introducing: Twitch

The team, holed up in their Ork Underground safehouse, is getting antsy, and wants to start looking for revenge. Servaas Nikolic has been distracting himself with pilfered BTL’s, and gone down a bit of a rabbit hole. Munty and TenTen both left town to work side jobs, and Shri has been distracting herself with the supply delivery boys from Aemon’s Kids. Achilles sits quietly and thinks about killing. Meanwhile, Twitch has arrived in Seattle. He can’t remember exactly who sent him here, or where he came from, but he has the number for a local fixer, and calls her up.

Pia Oliversson contacts Shri, and tells her to get Achilles and go to the Big Rhino to meet a new potential teammate, Twitch. They do so, and Achilles and Twitch, both with their own cyber-problems, have a rambling and bizarre conversation. However, he seems to have some relevant skills (once he has time to download them), so they agree to try him out for Pia. She says she has a lead on Raoul Ortega, the Johnson who screwed them on the last job. They meet up with Izidor Kurtlanik, an info broker with Aztechnology ties, who says that if they pull a job for him he’ll get them the info they want.

They agree, and get the rundown: Izidor wants them to look into the local activities of a “terrorist” group called Sangre y Acero, apparently composed initially of ex-pit fighters from Aztlan, who have formed a mystical monastic order dedicated to anti-corp activity. Achilles and Twitch both think this group sounds kind of cool, but they take the job. Pia provides a list of local gyms that she thinks might be a good place to meet fighters, and get an in to the underground circuit. They run through the list, with Shri posing as a manger, and arrange to join in a bareknuckle boxing night at one rundown spot, and pay for membership at a higher end place that caters to augments. They train there for a few days, while dropping hints about being interested in making some cash.

Achilles and Twitch both win their bouts at the boxing event, but they overhear some people talking about the Vory V Zakone run the best fights in town down by the docks. Shri tries to get more info but is rebuffed. However, after a few days healing and training, they both receive invites to an upcoming Vor fight. They arrive, and find that it’s a gladiatorial style event, with one-on-one’s, teams, and paracritters as opponents. It seems the fights are to the death, also, which no-one had mentioned. The other fighters look mostly grim, crazed, desperate or some combo of the 3. Achilles tries to cheer one man up, but ends up creeping him out worse maybe, before he is torn apart by a pack of awakened coyotes.

About midway through the night, Twitch and Achilles are called up to fight a piasma, and barely escape with their lives, mostly thanks to Achilles monowhip skills. Shri, in the crowd, notices some ascetic looking cyber-warriors taking note, and hopes for the best. Both Achilles and Twitch find invites to join S.y.A in their gear back in the locker room, and after splitting the purse with Shri, head to the arranged meet. Shri sneaks up and hides nearby, not being invited herself. They find a group, mostly orks and humans, all dressed in urban camo and well-armed, and all sporting a fair amount of ’ware.

The leader introduces himself in a light Aztlaner accent as “El Comandante” and offers them entry, if they pass his test. He summons 2 burly orks forward, who hand over their rifles to their compatriots and whip out combat axes. Achilles and Twitch, both injured from the night’s fight already, try to strategize, and manage to knock both orks out of the fight, without getting knocked out themselves. Twitch stops Achilles from killing one, figuring the Comandante would appreciate restraint. He presents them both with berets featuring the group’s sigil, and whisks them away in 2 vans. They get a membership count and some facial images, which Shri forwards to Izidor, but the vans are jammed, and she loses them for a while before they pop up for a moment in a nearby Z-zone, due to Twitch’s satellite link. She tells them to blend in and see what they can learn, and report in when possible.

They watch training trids, and receive the relevant indoctrination. Achilles is really excited at first, but realizes that he doesn’t share the group’s anti-corp fervor. Twitch plays along, but tries not to get invested. The members seem to train constantly, and meditate when not training. They don’t discriminate amongst corp targets: labs, corp citizens, researchers, stocks/stores, anything at all seems to be a legit target. There seems to be only about a dozen members, though, as they say they lost some recently, and recruited these 2 to take their place, in preparation for an upcoming mission (which will come down the pipeline from a different cell to the Comandante).

They find out the target, and Twitch gets a message off the Shri as they load in the vans and head out. She warns Izidor, and asks him to make sure her team gets out ok. He agrees to try. Twitch manages to sneak off as the others in his van bust through the gate at the pier-side AZT facility, but Achilles’ van races directly in and he is unable to bail before it is hit by a missile and gatling fire from a HTR chopper. His half of the strike team is gunned down, and he is captured as the other half of the team stages a fighting retreat. Twitch and Shri link up, and debrief with Izidor, after which he gives them the info they sought. Twitch heads to NYC to link up with Munty for another job, having proven himself useful to Pia and the team.

Izidor relays the following: “Raoul Ortega” was (as speculated) a fake SIN. All of the chatter on the matrix about him was also faked, which was apparent once the time/date stamps and other markers were closely examined. He also doesn’t work for AZT, as he was hinting, which makes sense as AZT hasn’t made any gains in the wake of the run, and are in fact being sued at the Corporate Court for their “involvement.” However, Evo Corporation has benefited significantly, securing contracts making them the second largest corp presence in the Sioux Nation after Ares Macrotechnology. It seems that Mr. Johnson was working for them instead. They also receive a pic of him (as he was wearing a disguise during their meet), and his real name: Theo Two-Hearts. He was apparently the heir apparent to the “old man” who ran WRC for a generation. After the old man’s recent death, the rest of the family forced Theo out, due to his mixed Native/Caucasian ancestry, preferring that a pure Sioux member take control. Theo seems to have lost it, and using resources and tricks learned under the old man’s tutelage, to have devised his scheme to ruin WRC, and secure himself a cushy spot in a different corp. Shri relays this to Pia and the team, and they begin scheming…

Meanwhile, Achilles wakes up after a day in a brightly lit interrogation room, trapped in a bolted-down chair with fused manacles. After a few moments, a very friendly man with an Aztlaner accent saunters in and seats himself. He cheerily breaks Achilles down through a series of question, statements, and revelations, and forces him to realize that he won’t be leaving here without providing some info. He’s also really friendly, which throws Achilles off. He gives up a SIN each of Shri’s, Munty’s, Caria’s, and Tenten’s (not knowing he is already dead), as well as all the details of the run against WRC. At the end, the man talks him into signing his statement (which perhaps AZT will try to use to escape charges at the CC?) before leaving the room. A short while later, 2 large humans enter, and defuse Achilles, before roughly escorting him down a winding series of passages, and tossing him out a brick door onto a rotting dock.

He wanders a bit to get a signal, and gets ahold of Shri, who seems suspicious, but agrees to meet him at the nearest Ork Underground entrance, and bring him in. They return to the safehouse, and he reveals his somewhat accidental (or at least non-voluntary) treachery. Shri, reminded too closely of her own past, walks out to clear her head (or perhaps muddy it further) and everyone else debates what to do…

Next Time: the Judgement of Achilles!

Chi-Town Redux Part 4
7/15/2015, 1:35:48 PM
Runners
Ro Tain
Ortega
Aemon Burst
Christopher Toff
Chessick Allens-Whitehill
Chem

While everyone else is off on side jobs, Ortega accepts an invite to the Ghoul Liberation League HQ, and meets up with Blaine Hammond himself. Hammond gets Ort talking about his ghoul catholicism beliefs, and tells him he loves what he hears. Hammond seems like a real slick politico type, but Ort is totally taken in. Hammond gets Ort to deliver some thrilling speeches to receptive infected crowds, and rebrands his belief system True Communion. He also tells Ort that they have a little problem though- last time Ort was in Chicago, he took out a bounty on 2 ghoul flesh traders, and many ghouls were killed (as well as many amateur bounty hunters) trying to collect before Hammond put a stop to it. So, the way he sees it, Ort owes them so skilled new ghouls. Hammond suggests he start with his team members, as they seem useful. He pats Ort on the shoulder, and Ort feels… something, he’s not sure what.

After about 2 weeks hanging with the ghouls (during which time he is well fed!), Ort links back up with everyone else as they filter back in to Midway. The team, having seen the first few convo’s with Hammond (before someone spotted and disabled the drone they had tailing Ort), are a bit worried, but Aemon tries to be supportive, knowing Ort has had it rough recently. They also find hidden multi-corporate RFID trackers in the van that Chessick and Aemon just used on their failed job. They take a job from the Neo-A’s and Jackpoint members, who have raised funds to go on a revenge/info grab mission against Omega Dawn, who they suspect knows where they are staying now. Good to be proactive.

They decide to use Ort as bait, posing as a street preacher. Chessick and Ro compose an epic anti-capitalist screed, and Chessick programs a slick teleprompter ARO for Ort, who brushes up on speechifying as best he can. Ro and Aemon set up sniper/surveillance nests in some ruined buildings, while Ort preaches midblock, and Chessick and Toff hang nearby in the camo’d van. Chessick casually mentions the street preaching on his “Americana” blog, attracting some spectators. They fail to notice someone planting a bomb under Ort’s rubble pulpit on the 2nd night, although the bomber fails to notice them also. Everyone is surprised when Ort and the crowd explode at the climax of the speech. The civilians are shredded by a powerful anti-personnel mine, but Ort manages to survive, although he is quickly felled by automatic weapons fire from a sniper and 4 OD goons approaching on foot.

Ro and Aemon return fire on the sniper, unable to spot the camo’d ground team, and get into a sniper duel. They do some damage but the enemy seems distressingly durable. He drops Aemon. Toff summons a spirit to distract the sniper, which works, and then manages to massively overcast a series of stunballs, ko-ing a few of the goons, as they try to capture the ko’d Ort. Sadly, Ort is massively wounded by the spells also, and further injured when the OD team calls a withdrawal and chucks grenades to cover their exit. The team barely manages to keep Ort alive, and capture one of the OD members (the other ko’d one was killed in the explosion). A suicide bomb drone divebombs them as they race to the van, but Aemon manages to shoot it out of the sky.

Paranoid about more drones, they blast an area jammer, and Chessick jams the goon additionally. They return to Midway, and use the faraday cage in the van’s smuggling compartment to get the goon to a secure medical area where they can keep him jammed to avoid any more drone interference (they hope). They also warn Gamze Seidel, but she says that Thankyou aka Eckhard Roberts has upgraded their drone defense net with some kind of distributed intelligence, which worries the team quite a bit (but also makes them feel temporarily safer).

Chessick runs a deep dive with Carme Kofi on the host that TY found at the OD facility that he tracked the team back to. However, TY set off some booby traps going in, and they have a limited amount of time, but they get some good info on The Soak, who seems to be one of the Chicago leaders. They retrieve his bizarre manifesto, which is mostly fascistic ramblings, and a batman-esque semi-comprehensible “origin story”. The OD team members scrambled back to O’Hare, where they’re heavily protected, and lost TY and the others tailing.

Toff mind probes the goon, and finally manages to break through their mental defenses, after they ko them with a carefully managed drug cocktail. They get deep into the goon’s brain, and find out that he was recruited into Omega Dawn after working on a corpsec detail on which the rest of his team was killed by runners. They also find out a lot of details about OD and it’s organization and supply lines. They post the info to JP and pass it along to the Midway anarchists, and Ro also warns Hiro Katakura about possible intrusion into Renraku, which seems to get her back on his good side. He offers her some fancy new upgrades, next time she has some downtime.

Ro uses a newly acquired PAB bio-assist therapy machine to decondition the goon over a week, leaving him totally broken down. They also infect the goon with HMHVV and test some of Chem’s drugs on him, before passing him onto the Ghoul Liberation League, to start paying off Ort’s debt. Chem has been cooking up a storm, and paying for info on the toxies who killed his team and tortured him. He thought the Swamp Thangs might have been involved, but after raiding their base, realized they weren’t the ones. Word on the street and returns from info brokers have lead him to the local Painted Horse Lodge, where some rumors of toxicity have been stirring.

They check the current bounties on toxies, and figure that if they find one, they’ll try to take them alive and cash in. They also find out that Ortega has been officially excommunicated, and that his bounty has gone up significantly (seemingly coming from the Church). They also find that there is a bounty for Aemon (who freaks out, thinking it is for the families he helped kill), for killing the Milwaukee Mob boss’ dog. They decide to do this one last job, and then get outta town.

TY tells them there’s work in Boston, and that they should pull a job in NYC to pay for getting smuggled in. Aemon also hears that an unknown adult western dragon was seen over Boston, crashing into a NeoNET tower and a stadium, while trailing some sort of iridescent blue cloud. The QZ went up shortly after, so he does some research, and Sem-par tells him that it sounds like the nano-weapon that Aztechnology deployed versus Sirrurg. Worrying… Chessick gets a sort of apology from TY, and agrees to work with him again, on the condition TY will land him an interview with New Lives. He does, and Chessick has a pretty interesting chat with someone who ID’s himself as one of the Monads, a confusingly pluralized term. He gets some info about CFD infection/transmission, as well as a promise of future convo’s.

They head for the PHL, and Ro (being the only team member present with a mentor spirit) enters, having secured a meeting with Rayen through Lothan The Wise. Ro, not being the best liar, dances around the issue somewhat confusingly while claiming to be interested in joining, but Rayen adamantly denies the presence of any true toxics in their lodge. Ro arranges to attend the meeting later to see for herself. While the team watches wirelessly from outside, Ro observes the meeting, and Chem is able to ID 2 middle-aged humans of the more adamantly anti-corp lodge members as some of the people who held him captive. However, they seem to be on the same page as some of the team with the anti-corp message, so there is some confusion, but Chem is adamant, and everyone hates toxies!

They wait for the meting to break up, and then follow the pair as they leave, linking up with a younger bulky ork. Chem keeps his distance for a few blocks, but then his vendetta gets the better of him, and he tries to ram their tandem bike. They dive out of the way, and a toxic spirit manifests in the van. Chem freaks out and leaps free, but as he was driving, the van crashes pretty hard. Aemon manages to drop the first spirit with a lucky shot, but they are all forced to flee the van when one of the shamans launches a pollutant wave inside.

They engage in a lengthy and damaging firefight with the mages and an acid-spitting spirit, and melee (the ork kid turns out to be a toxic adept, with radioactive punches that shred Ort’s armor). They emerge victorious, though acid-scarred, and manage to take in one of the shamans (and a variety of foci and fetishes) for the bounty, using Grendel to help them get a quick verification and payout. Ro flies out to NYC early, to go in for her Renraku-provided upgrades. The rest of the team heals up for a bit, and prepares to van convoy out to NYC, using the smuggling compartments to bring their gear and get Ort and Aemon out in relative safety.

Ro gets an angry call from Rayen, who blames her for the lodge member’s deaths/captures. Ro provides proof of their use of toxic magic, but Rayen counters with evidence of their effectiveness as anti-corp radicals. She says she didn’t support all of their methods, but that she welcomed their dedication: they were willing to use the corps’ methods against them. And they had incredible results. Ro tries to play it cool, but Rayen menacingly says that they will see each other again, using Ro’s real name (which she somehow found out).

Chi-Town Redux Part 3
7/5/2015, 11:05:18 PM
Runners
Aemon Burst
Chessick Allens-Whitehill
TenTen

While Ro and Toff are off on a side job, Aemon makes use of his new full Jackpoint membership to catch up on news. Mars is falling apart, with only Evo maintaining a significant presence. There is a massive news blackout, rumors of largescale nano-failure, damaging infrastructure and the terraforming project, and a Corporate Court-mandated quarantine upon arrival on Earth. There has been a mass exodus of those who could afford to leave. Public knowledge of the recent outbreaks of some sort of nano-disease has been slowly growing.. The Sioux Nation has also made a public offer for any head cases to come and receive treatment, sparking public outcry there and much suspicion and curiosity elsewhere.

Meanwhile, Chessick has hooked up with Carme Kofi and the Midwest Pirates Guild, and gets some major deck upgrades. He also gets a rundown on deep dives and the dream logic of the foundation underlying the new matrix. It seems bizarrely bio-organic, in terms of how hosts “grow” out of it. Excited about the prospect for accessing all that secret info, Chessick requests a tour sometime, and Kofi agrees, eagerly- he seems somewhat addicted to the UV/BTL-like conditions that the foundation provides to users. But it is a dangerous pursuit, so Chessick decides to hold off til he has a bit more downtime and cash for upgrades. He also finds an odd addition to his deck- a small part added on recently, which Slamm-O! id’s as nano-fabbed when Aemon posts it on JP. Chessick gets real stressed about Thankyou, as he was the last person that Chessick knows to have plugged into his headware.

Aemon gets a call through “mutual friends” from Nikolai Morozov, who tells him there is a simstar in the CZ that they want retrieved. They do some research into the job, and find out that he works for Evo, while the simstar is currently on Horizon’s roster. They figure it’ll be some quick cash, but want to bring some more muscle, so they call Chem and ask if there’s anyone promising hanging around the Vault. He recommends Tenten. They link up, and start researching the missing woman. They find out when she crossed into the zone, courtesy of a tip from Martin Tate. Aemon realizes that he has no idea who Tate actually works for, and after some research realizes he’s a Horizon employee, and he worries he may have just tipped his hand to the enemy.

They then call Nick Ryder, who gets them footage of her crossing a Lone Star checkpoint. He also says there’s someone else looking for her, and the team gets a call from Juan Xihuitl, who tells them Aztechnology has a kill order on the simstar. He offers them more money, but they refuse, and he says that he is disappointed and sadly must wish for their failure. Aemon accepts that, and they hit the street, questioning local dealers in the northern CZ. They find some that she encountered, while acting erratically, confirming their suspicions that she might be infected. They get a direction and start tracking her, and find the tracks lead to the old sniper’s nest near Garfield Park, after they pay Quantum Princess for some vid-footage from her relay there. Chessick briefly loses his shit due to flashbacks, but Tenten brings him back down, and gives him a kamikaze dose to use in case of emergency.

They sneak up to and enter the building, after Aemon gets some info from Plan 9 about a sign on the door- P9 id’s it as a sign of a safehouse for infected, and encourages an open mind. Aemon realizes they’ve stepped on a pressure plate and halts them. 2 oddly similarly-acting individuals come down a ladder and tell them not to step further in. Chessick tries to convince them to hand over the woman to spare the rest, but they say that although the woman’s body remains, someone else inhabits it now, and has no desire to return to corporate slavery. Although all the runners sympathize, they have a job to do, and Chessick tries again to convince them, even offering to help defend them against other runners who they are sure are on their way, due to tipping off the other corps to their involvement. They refuse again, saying (while completing each other’s sentences) that they will defend themselves, and refuting Chessick’s argument of a single sacrifice to fend off greater damage by saying they will not willingly sell one of their own out.

Tenten decides he better get things moving, and rages up while dosing on kamikaze. He punches the plats, breaking it, but also triggering the trap. Aemon manages to dive out of the way using his grapple gun, but Chessick gets near-fatally scorched by multiple flamethrowers. Tenten is wounded, but ignores the pain, and chases after the 2 head cases as they flee, knocking over the ladder they came down on in the process. Aemon and Tenten ko them both as they chase them through the building, and leave a drone by the back door. However, the 2 bodies are gone when they move back towards the front. Someone has moved Chessick’s prone form out of the way of the door, but the 2 are nowhere in sight. Tenten spots a man in security armor with a rifle across the street in the park, and races out to assault him. He comes under fire from multiple sources, and manages to drop the first guy before going down himself.

Aemon fires back a few more times, and exchanges some harsh words, while slapping the kamikaze onto Chessick to get him up and moving. They rush out the back, and get a message from Thankyou with a 10 second countdown. He races into the alley on a motorcycle with a sidecar, gunning down another sec-armored man. Chessick, still mad about his deck, almost refuses, but gets intimidated when TY turns his psychotic stare on him for a moment. They flee, spotting Omega Dawn’s symbol on the dead man’s armor as they pass. Aemon returns the next day with Chem, and retrieve the van, which needs some repair after being vandalized over the night. They also check the head case hideout, and find Tenten’s body strung up and eviscerated, with his guts twisted into a crude Omega. They also find a bunch of anti-corp literature, as well as some lines from a manifesto seemingly preaching freedom from the corps, and identifying the group as New Lives. Chessick, intrigued by his discussion the previous day, decides from his hospital bed to try to track them down and ask more questions. They return Morozov’s money, and he says he isn’t happy but appreciates their honesty, and that he will be hiring a “more capable” team to complete the job (if possible).

After Ro and Toff return, and get briefed on all the troubles, Ro and Aemon have a sitdown and discuss their suspicions about TY. They agree to keep an eye on him (and also Chem, given his poor recommendation of Tenten), and Aemon seems to finally acknowledge Ro as de facto leader. He also confesses his roll in the attacks on the Human Brigade settlement, which Ro (as a good leader) doesn’t offer judgement on, at least immediately. They agree to keep having these chats. TY tells them that he’s been researching Zion Amalgamated and Knights of the Dragon, as possible leads to further Gilgamesh Initiative facilities, and that all signs point to them setting up a new lab in Boston, which fits their MO. He says he may have more work for them soon.

Chi-Town Redux Part 2
6/28/2015, 11:34:54 PM
Runners:
Ro Tain
Christopher Toff
Munty

Toff spends a bunch of time after the Gilgamesh Initiative run at the ASPS Sanctum. He learns that what he witnessed in that facility was high-level cybermancy. He also picks up some rumors about the Chicago Wyvern, which apparently bares some resemblance to Dunkelzahn, at least in profile. He agrees to research it further for the Church of the Dragon Reborn. Jason Two-Spirits hires Toff to do a job investigating the Aleph Society, and brings in an infiltration expert from Seattle named Munty to help out. They decide to also bring Ro in on it.

Two-Spirits and Seeks-The-Moon, with Dr. Eric Kersh’s help, have forged a magical artifact that they think the team will be able to barter for entry with the organization. They want to know what Aleph is up to, and how they are doing it: they claim to be able to heal essence loss, and ASPS sources inside Ares Macrotechnology say that corporate infiltrators have confirmed that the ritual works. So they want to know how- they are worried it is blood magic or some sort of spirit problem, and say that astral space is bad in the vicinity of their campus, the former site of DePaul University. The team agrees.

They do some research, and find that Aleph is doing outreach at Camp Lincoln in the CZ. Doing some research, and calling Lothan for info, they find out that Chem and Ortega’s paranoia about Camp Lincoln is somewhat misplaced- although they may also be cannibals, they are primarily a community living in the park which knows how to make willing people ‘disappear’, for a price. They have some sort of connection to Spider, who hates insects, so they imagine there are some shamans about. The team reaches the camp, and following a web-like maze, emerge into a clearing where a tent and some benches have been set up. An Aleph barker calls out for all shattered souls to join them in their healing wisdom.

They make it through a propagandistic meeting, and pay upfront dues to move in as 1st level students at the Society’s campus. They hide their illicit gear in a smuggling compartment in the van and park it securely nearby, but are stripped of their possession and told they must work without magical assistance to appreciate fully the gifts they will receive. They spend a week opening up another housing block, as the Society appears to be attracting many new members, before they move up a level, and start receiving lectures on the history of the Society. They still work, but Ro and Toff manage to cover for Munty as she sneaks around and recons. She finds that the lecturers (and high level initiates) all live in an old admin building, with warded lower levels. She figures out what security devices they need to bypass to enter.

At the final lecture, some high level acolytes pull a man from the crowd, who they claim is an ex-insect shaman trying to infiltrate the order to get power back. Before the 2nd-tier students, they burn the man alive inside of a force sphere, so they are unable to hear his screams as the lecturer rants about maintaining the purity of Aleph. Munty manages to sweet talk him after the lecture long enough to copy his prints, and Toff uses clairaudience to overhear the vocal code. Munty manages to sneak into the office with these. Toff and Ro notice that a number of other students left in the wake of the burning, and think Munty’s absence should be dismissable as such. They are told they will be required to swear fealty the next day.

Munty hides out inside in a vent, waiting for a low-traffic time. Toff and Ro and awoken in the middle of the night by cloaked figures carrying torches and told the fealty ritual can’t wait. They are brought via levitation to the top of the admin building, while Munty begins sneaking into the basement inside. They partake in the ritual, which uses a small amount of blood and drains them of some karma. Toff sees that in the astral they all now have a thin bond to some distant metaplane, but he can’t tell which one. They then have a celebration/meet and greet with the acolytes who brought them there, as well as the Society’s current leader, Sierra LaGuardia. Toff and Ro decide to use the page to try to get more info before they get deeper in, and con LaGuardia, who seems eager for more ‘sacred books’- she apparently has 2 and seeks a 3rd, claiming they are relics of Atlantis.

She has the page, the runners, and 2 acolytes brought to her office, where her initial examination, and their explanation of where they found it (claiming they retrieved it from The Foul One’s lair) seem to pass muster. She then leads them down to the basement. Munty, meanwhile, has been exploring, and managed to sneak through the physical plant into a sub-basement using a vocal sample of LaGuardia that Ro sent along. Munty finds a series of 4 surveilled hallways wrapping around a seemingly perfectly smooth concrete cube that runs floor to ceiling. Unable to find a way in, she briefly despairs, before hearing the others descending the stairs and runs and hides.

They enter the cube after LaGaurdia shapes open a door, and Munty manages to sneak in right behind them as it closes, while Ro distracts. They proceed past an armed guard into a library, while Munty hangs back and tases the guard, very quietly. She slips in the library door, just as the others exit the far side, after LaGuardia returns one of the sacred tomes (used in the fealty ritual) to its proper place. Munty begins flipping through and photographing both The Book of Gaf and The Book of Tak, before finding the logs of the secret history of the order. She hears some distant explosions and rumblings, and takes cover.

Meanwhile, the rest of the team has entered a shadowy room with a large, shaded sphere occupying almost all the available space. Toff briefly assenses, and sees that this is likely a metaplanar gate of some sort, and realizes that 2 shadowy spirit forms seem to be the end destination of the astral threads that they all gained in the ritual. LaGuardia walks into the sphere, seemingly supported by nothing, and plays the page on a shadow altar. It lights into flame and disintegrates, and LaGaurdia calls out as the spirits seem to begin draining something of her, with everyone hearing a dry and crackled voice saying that “this is not a true revelation.” The acolytes seem briefly unsure what to do, and Toff manages to magic open the only exit as they attack Ro. With Munty’s help, they put them down, but hear more explosions nearer by.

They hide as best they can as a buffed-up LaGuardia emerges from the shadow sphere trailing it’s aura. Some cybered-up mercs, seemingly from the Society of the Phoenix Arisen based on their armor, enter from the opposite side, having breached the door, and open fire. The bullets seem to bounce off LaGuardia, a power the team has only seen on spirits before, with her quickly healing any damage she does take. She crushes one of the mercs in some kind of gravity sphere. The team sneaks out, but one of the mercs nearly guns down Ro before getting distracted by spirit magic. They manage to make good their escape amidst the chaos- it looks like Phoenix Arisen is taking revenge for the dead amongst their number at their disastrous holiday party in Seattle the year before.

They reach Sanctum again, and the ASPS manages to break their blood pact before it drains them much further. They are healed up and receive their pay, as well as passing the info along. Ro and Toff both also pass on the general info (but not the ritual specifics) to Renraku Computer Systems and the Dragon Church, respectively. The ASPS strongly requests they keep the specifics secret, as they are too dangerous to be out in the public- many burnouts are desperate enough to attempt just such a ritual to get their mojo back.

Chi-Town Redux
6/22/2015, 5:48:30 PM
Runners:
Aemon Burst
Chessick Allens-Whitehill
Ortega
Ro Tain
Christopher Toff
and introducing: Chem

The team heads out from Norfolk, stashing Ortega and all their illicit gear in the smuggling compartments. They get across the border with no trouble, and make a stop at ATF, on the southside outskirts of Chicago. Aemon stocks up on all of their branded merch, as the shirt he bought here previously is barely holding together. The rest of the team gears up, and Chessick manages to get access to the illicit “special stash” after interviewing and charming the owners. They complain about how the increased corp presence is eating into their business, and it does seem like they are a bit less completely-stocked than previously. As they head further into southside, they see that ATF are not the only one’s effected: the corps have been making inroads (sometimes literally) all over, the matrix is running better, but the ARO ads are near constant. Project: Takeback seems to be a big success for big business so far, but the team is curious to see how it is in the CZ.

They contact Thankyou aka Eckhard Roberts, who says he will have some work for them soon, and also arranges for them to have secure housing at the anarchist-controlled Midway Airport, where he has been dossing down in exchange for helping out with technical repairs and perimeter security. They agree to chip in as appropriate, and head into the CZ, bribing some border guards. The lines are a lot longer getting in (and the security a bit less-militarized) so it looks like the corps are pushing into the CZ too. Chessick writes some angry screeds about corp intrusion, but most of the rest of the team just see the nuyen piling up in their mind’s eye. While driving, they have heard news reports of a ongoing review of A, AA, and AAA corporate statuses by the Corporate Court, so no doubt the corps will be operating in full panic mode until it is resolved- good news for runners.

They reach the base, and are introduced to the 2 security committee heads, Gamze Seidel and Vinko Novacek. They brief them on the situation: they can stay on-base if they solve a missing-persons mystery for the anarchists. Some supply runners and a 2-person security patrol haven gone missing in the last few days, and they can’t spare anyone to investigate. The team agrees, and heads out. Using tracking from last known locations, as well as Toff’s spellcraft, they locate the burned out supply cart, and find a body pile as well as 2 booby-trapped people with all their limbs removed. Scouting around, they find a camera and seismic sensor, which Aemon destroys, but Chessick manages to harvest a sat-uplink that they were attached to. They manage to save one of the maimed people, with Ortega diving on the explosive while Ro lifts the body out of the way. However, Ort can’t handle 2 blasts like that, and they fear what info the sensor may have sent along, so they head back to airport to get more help.

When they return, the remaining maimed person has been killed with a very precise double-tap, and the explosive removed. Aemon almost sets off another tripwire trap, but Ro spots it and disarms it. They also find a symbol on the wall, and omega sign over a suburst. Conferring with the anarchists, and researching on Jackpoint, they ID this as the tag of a mysterious anti-leftist deathsquad that JP-ers have termed Omega Dawn. Ro and Aemon (upgraded to full membership) are added to a working group on the subject, and Ro puts out the word that she’s paying for info on this group, and gets some info from Nick Ryder about crime scenes around Chicago that the logo has turned up at. Lacking any substantial leads at the moment, they decide to keep an eye out and put this on the back burner while they make some money.

Toff helps with healing, as does Aemon, Ro and Ortega help with physical security and training, and Chessick works with Gamze on improving the sensor net and matrix security (such as it is- they are one of the nodes for NooseNet, so it’s about as good as it gets in the CZ). They hit it off, and end up spending a lot of time together. Chessick continues his interview series. Aemon, wanting to seem cool, tries to party with Simon Andrews, but he’s working on something for SK elsewhere, so Aemon invites Suzuki Jones to join them, which she agrees to: the reporting opportunity of her young career! She seems to write pieces that don’t insert her into the story as much as Chessick does, so it seems like they can avoid stepping on each other’s toes. They all go to a large funeral celebration/corpse-burning (aside from one woman who wanted to be donated as ghoul food) with the bodies left by Omega Dawn. It is a somber affair, which Ortega makes uncomfortable by getting way too into how this was “god’s plan” before Chessick and Toff manage to steer it back in a safer direction.

The next morning, they get a frantic call from Sid Gambetti requesting their help. Chessick squeezes him for more money, as they kind of have him over a barrel due to his desperation. He tells them to swing by The Vault and pick up a local guy that he already hired for the job, who knows his way around. They meet up with Chem, and find that they are driving the same van (though the team’s is waaay more tricked out, giving Chem some ambitions). They head to near Northside, into Horde/Ork Protectorate turf, to find the hangout of the Chemical Boys, the street gang that is shaking Sid down. They find it, and Chessick manages to talk his way into a back room, where he meets the gang’s leader, and ork deceptively named The Ogre, who has a rep for psychotic violence. Chessick boldly joins his poker game, and manages to win, and the Ogre delivers the info as promised: they were hired by an ex-fighter named Garza to blackmail Sid. He also gives Garza’s girlfriend’s address, where Garza says he can usually be found, as he appreciates Chessick’s “troll-sized balls.” They make their way off without any bloodshed, disappointing Aemon and Ortega (who was hoping for a free meal).

They find Garza, and kidnap him after knocking him unconscious when he tries to fight them. They take him to one of Horogront’s shops, and rent a maintenance bay where they interrogate him. Although he seems like a piece of shit, they discover that he thinks Sid tasered him, thus causing him to lose the fight (which he was maybe supposed to throw anyway), and that a mafia security spider gave him some vid stills, promising more if he paid up. Hence the extortion. They pay to smuggle him, his gf, and his child to Denver, figuring he can start over as a fighter there more easily than here, where he is pretty burned (as well as giving him some distance from the Milwaukee Mob, who he just burned).

They head way into Northside, effectively Milwaukee, to the gated community where the spider lives and works as inhouse security for the recently-retired Don Leo McCaskill. They infiltrate through some sewers, and sneak up to the house, with Chessick doing some quick thinking to hack a security drone that spots him. They mange to avoid the sensors, and Aemon kills the Don’s dog, which is sleeping at the foot of his bed, as they clamber through his open window on the 2nd floor. They avoid waking the old man, who looks sickly and is hooked up to a ventilator, and manage to reach the spider’s lair. They grab and jam him before he can dash into a nearby security room, and ko him to carry him out.

They escape after fighting off a powerful spirit, and flee in the van. They interrogate the spider, who tries to lead them into a trap down at the docks. They see through it, ko him again, and have Chessick hack his comms. He finds a copy of the file, copies and deletes it, and manages to find the original in a “secure” data lock. He deletes that after confirming that only the 1 copy exits, and they leave the spider on the curb by the AB+ hospital at Trinity College, after Toff convinces them not to kill him. Sid pays up, and they hand over the file, but Chessick keeps some snap shots of the telling moments just in case. Chem joins them at Midway, feeling that it could be good to work with a team again, though he insists on sleeping in his van near an exit “just in case”.

They get hired a few days later by Lothan The Wise to collect some rare reagents from the old Field Museum, renamed Sanctum, and currently under control of the ASPS. They go there, and arrange to trade the canister of presolar grains for some research on the Cermak Crater- a dangerous task! They get a custom sensor device built by the ASPS’ Chicago head, Dr. Eric Kersh, meet his odd friend Daytripper, hop in some radsuits, and head out. They reach the crater, and manage to get their sample, but Ortega is heavily injured while playing with/distracting 2 radiation spirits that appear as small children. He stumbles blindly out of the crater, his dosimeter black, and gets back into comms range of the van where Toff and Chessick are waiting, horrified. The manascape here is the most awful thing that Toff has ever seen: seemingly an astral wound, leading to the total absence of astral space for a radius around the blast zone.

The rest of the team begins falling back after destroying the 2 spirits. However, their firefight and the explosions from Chem’s grenades seems to have awakened some slumbering bug spirits scattered about the crater (seemingly sleeping off a FAB III overdose). They flee to the van with Ro urging them on, and the team barely escapes with the van taking some damage as they dive in just ahead of the bug’s scything talons. They flee back to Sanctum, and find that they have come under attack from members of the Swamp Thangs. They fight them off, but find that some other gangers have made off with the canister. Kersh is very apologetic, and him and Daytripper use some serious detox magic to clear the team of radiation damage. They manage to scour everyone except Ortega, who they manage to prevent from dying. However, he has serious longterm radiation damage.

Toff calls Lothan, who tells them that they better hit the Swamp Thangs asap, and that they don’t have any particular weaknesses but that he is confident in them. He is way nicer to Toff than he has been to other team members in the past. They trick out Chem’s van with an HMG turret in the back, as their van is still getting de-toxed and repaired by Goober. They head down to the Calumet Swamps, where they ST base is rumored to be. They manage to find it (with some help from Becky 99), and Ro and Aemon decide to sneak up to the crumbling 3-story low income housing block, while the rest of the team hangs back with the van.

Sadly, they are spotted, and attacked by some trained cockatrices that an ST member set free. Aemon is paralyzed and Ro is injured, but they manage to kill the cockatrices with ranged assistance from the van, before coming under a grenade barrage. Ro plays dead, and some ST members come out and start hauling her and Aemon into the building. Van shooters kill the 2 on Ro and Ro kills one on Aemon, before he is hauled out of sight. Ro dashes inside to escape more grenades, and gets into a brutal brawl with a large number of foul-smelling, malnourished but oddly strong axemen. She’s about to fall when Chem and Chessick manage to bring down the wall with grenades and HMG fire, opening up the ST gangers to spell and gunfire from Ortega and Toff, who have been racing up to get to a firing point.

They slay the gangers, and start looking for Aemon. They find him in a creepy basement altar, which suggests the gang is engaged in blood sacrifice and cannibalism. Aemon has had some essence drained in a sacrifice ritual performed by a cultist mumbling about The Foul One. He is in a bad place, as he was paralyzed but fully conscious, and has lost some magical ability. They heal him up as best they can, and flee the swamps, feeling eyes on them the whole way. Wanting to rub Lothan’s face in how dangerous the job was (in order to get more money), they head straight for his shop instead of calling ahead.

He agrees to pay more (reasonably) but is as rude as ever, and has no memory of their phone convo. He tells them that the Foul One is a longterm adversary of his, however, and that she is a skilled mimic, and suggests they check their comms. Chessick does so, but finds nothing suspicious. They call “Lothan” again, and someone answers who is not the Lothan in the shop- he is nice to them, and tries to get them to come to the Calumet Docks for the swap. They “agree”, but decide they are too injured to fight currently, though Aemon desperately wants revenge. They decide the tap/surveillance must be on Lothan’s end, which he later confirms after sweeping his shop. Toff joins Lothan’s CZ runner coop, The Ash Union, and spends a lot of time with Kersh and others at Sanctum, thinking about joining ASPS.

The rest of the team heals up. Ortega and Chem visit the Tamir Grey memorial at the Ghoul Liberation League HQ, and Ortega arranges to buy meat at a ridiculous cost increase after going cyberpsychotic on 2 members they encounter and preaching to them about his bizaare ghoul Catholicism. Chem gets a freezer chest smuggling compartment put into his van, and arranges to start selling the ghouls spare meat. He, Ro and Ortega try to set a trap (using Ro as bait) to catch and kill some gangers for his purpose, but only manage to attract a good samaritan (who warns Ro of danger but keeps his distance), and 2 162 gangers, who ko RO with an injection dart, forcing Ortega to buy her back. All in all a failure, and Chem feels a little bad for talking Ort into it. Chem is also experimenting with some new street drugs that apparently came out of some East Coast lab and just showed up. There’s 4 new types, and he learns a little about them, and carries a dose of each for “field trials.”

Ro goes on a dinner date with Sam, who seems to be doing a bit better- catching up on all the things she missed spending 2 decades as a corp test subject. trying new cuisines, etc. She has the apartment that Ryder provided tricked out like a fortress, with a lot of weaponry and escape options. Ro approves. Ro later gets a Happy Belated Bday e-card from Sam, with info about what actually happened to Ro’s parents. She is non-specific as to how she got it, but given how hard Ro has looked she is thinking Resonance Realms. Her parents were liquidated, as were most of her fellow test subjects, after management found out about their off-books experiment. Ro was kept around, as the most stable build, and kind of a test if the theoretical practices could actually work. Her father was snatched up while they were boating together, which explains some things. She seems to be the only survivor.

Aemon, mourning his essence loss, joins a Black Star raid on the nearby Human Brigade/Humanis Nation turf. They slaughter some border guards, and then one the hit squad, posing as a guard, lures some families from their homes while the rest of the team guns them down. Aemon tries to injure the children in such a way that they will survive but not get shot further, usually trick-shooting them in the legs. He returns to the base, never having seen the face of any of the people he did that with. They seemed to want revenge for the Omega Dawn killings, which they blamed on the metaracists, as they happened near their turf. Aemon feels awful about what he did, but can’t admit it to anyone (especially Ortega). He confides that something bad happened to TY, who tries to get him to open up by sharing his own horrifying past. Chessick, sensing something is off with Aemon, also tries to draw him out, but to no avail.

After everyone has healed and re-equipped from the last run, TY hires them to help him track down a local Gilgamesh Initiative base that April Halfwoman gave him clues to. They arrange to park the van at Freaktown nearby, and proceed on foot to an area near the Truman Tower and Shattergraves. Although they’ve acclimated to the general CZ background count, this area has a bad feel about it. They surveil for 4 days, tightening their perimeter, until they ID the building they seek, based on a troll on a motorcycle seemingly doing supply runs. Chessick and TY disable the exterior security, and they make their way down through the ruined building to a secure vault door set into the floor of the basement. Chessick gets it open, and they descend some poorly-lit concrete stairs winding down a cylindrical shaft. The troll seems to have just ridden his bike down, an impressive feat.

They reach the bottom, and manage to open an earth-core security door, as the vault door irises shut above them. Toff feels very distraught, as they are now cut off from the astral plane, and he brought a spirit down- if ti dies here he doesn’t know what will happen. They enter, triggering a flash bomb trap, after which Ortega is shot with an autocannon, as the troll races towards them through a lab on his bike. He jumps off at the last minute and almost creams Ort, who just manages to dive out of the way. The team take cover behind lab tables that they overturn as they engage in a brutal firefight with the troll. The spirit is heavily wounded in the opening salvo, and Toff tells it to hide in astral space. After Chessick hacks his smartlink, the troll switches to melee and charges Ro, nearly taking her out (Ort is already down), before Chem finally drops him, with an astral combat assist from Toff- the troll’s aura is like nothing Toff has ever seen, and seems to be a black hole (almost like a personal version of the horror that is the Cermak Crater).

They check out the rest of the facility after surviving the troll’s death-triggered explosive. They find 2 living “test subjects” who are in various stages of crude implant surgery, but seem totally animalistic and feral. They kill both out of mercy. Aemon also delivers a fatal sedative to another former human, that has been reduced to an insane brain trapped inside a tumor mass in a medical vat. They find 2 other corpses in various states of decay that don’t look to have survived the implant surgeries they were inflicted with. They also find a bug shaman who looks like a recent acquisition- they try to get info from her, and Toff tries to read her mind, but they kill her when she wound Toff with a spell. They head into the second area, and TY confirms that this looks like a GI facility (given all the hardwired tech, the high expense underground build, the cyberzombies, etc.). But it seems mostly abandoned. They find the living quarters of the security spider/cybertech specialist, as well as his notes on cybermancy amidst his trashed room, alongside a log entry that says “facility compromised, starting end protocol.” They find his corpse torn apart (seemingly by hand?) in a server room, which Chessick starts hacking. They find a bunch of trashed security devices as well- bent turrets, expended rounds, etc.

They also find 2 more corpses: 1, the project head, seems to have died of internal bleeding from injuries similar to those on the spider, compounded by years of damage from radiation exposure, so it seems like he’s been here a while. But it seems the troll tried to patch him up after whatever happened here, and he lingered for a bit. They find logs of comms to someone named “TR” requesting more subjects captured by Aztechnology from the anti-corp monastic militia Sangre y Acero. Apparently the troll was one of these fighters, reprogrammed here to procure test subjects and supplies, as well as act as on-site security. But it seems like he was fairly unstable, due to cyberpsychosis, and required the use of an invoked memory stimulator and extensive drugs to stay sane. 2nd corpse, the lead scientist/medic, who seems to have died around the same time, but from a wound sustained earlier from a high caliber sniper rifle fired from above. This attack doesn’t seem to have happened here, so presumably it happened somewhere outside, and he was brought here to try and treat. TY suggests that this seems like April’s handiwork. He has data in his room about subject collection and management, and comms from “TR” about the feasibility of longterm stable full-body cyborgs.

They also find a depleted supply room (explaining why the troll was venturing out so much), and some quarters heavily aspected towards blood magic and Wasp, but no corpse. Toff destroys the reagents and supplies here, feeling they are evil. Chessick, meanwhile, has managed to avoid the IC librarians long enough to gain access to the 3 surviving data stores that the spider didn’t wipe before his death (the actual project data and funding info is gone), before getting brutally attacked. He had refused TY’s help, but notices some sort of powerful presence in the matrix seemingly protecting him as he flees, and when he comes to he notices TY reeling in a datacable- he’s a little worried about if TY plugged that into HIM or just into the server. But he gets a ton of data.

It seems like the GI emerged from the ashes of the Augmented Soldier Program, a joint Israeli-corporate initiative ( Aztechnology was speculated as a partner) to force augmented soldiers to awaken as adepts. It seems this facility was experimenting with furthering that line of research by doing managed insect merges onto cyberzombies. AZT has been supplying heavily cybered ex-pit fighters, as well as Sangre members captured on raids. There has been an extreme mortality rate. The program origins seem to date back to a man named Thomas Roxborough, who TY recalls learning a bit about in the ACHE. Apparently he had purchased some info on biodrones from Deus in some sort of trade, and also was using AZT resources to help fund the Israeli program. When that was shut down due to a number of high-profile psychosis-induced massacres by test subjects, he relocated under the named The Gilgamesh Initiative, aka the Legendary Warrior Project. They also learn of other lab locations: the fjord lab in the Scandinavian Union is marked as “compromised”, as is the Chicago lab and the Mars lab. But they also list labs in Lagos and Tenochtitlan, and hint at a new East Coast lab going in somewhere due to a “promising situation.”

TY seems thrilled to have all this info, and believes that he has now found the facility where he was “made”: Lagos. He says he will do more digging but will likely hire the team again down the line. Aemon also realizes that the summoner’s corpse must be somewhere, so they carefully search, and find a secret door. It leads down a burrowed stone tunnel, and Ortega takes the lead. He is ko’d by a roving FAB III cloud, and they barely manage to pull him out to safety. Chem goes in alone and feeds back data. He finds a sacrificial altar, with a narrow shaft letting in some light. He speculates they are near the base of the Truman Tower, which TY confirms is full of FAB and bugs. Chem also finds the summoner’s corpse, wearing *Aztlaner Path of the Sun" robes suggesting he was a high-level initiate (and likely blood mage). He seems to have burst open from the inside. What they decide must have happened is that some sort of air pressure system forced some FAB into the airshaft, and either ko’d or distracted the mage while he was attempting a summoning, allowing the spirit to break free. Apparently the troll was the sole survivor of that attack, and has been trying to keep the project running with his limited skills, while slowly going insane due to running out of meds.

They leave the facility, and Chem and TY rig it to blow, destroying as much as they can. They head back to airport, heal up, and celebrate another job survived, as well as a massive payout from TY, partially from sale of some of the relevant info. Chem tricks out his van a bit more, and the members of the team who can purchase or upgrade some implants as well as training some new skills. He also makes contact with some bomb-builders who work at a CZ co-op called The Atomizer. A woman named Jaro seems to do security and sales, while a gruff old ork, a handicapped young human named Walter Turnip, and a bizaare-looking SURGE-d woman do the technical work. Aemon gets an adrenal pump, feeling that since he lost essence he might as well gain something. He and Suzuki also hook up again, and she fills him in on all the cool stories she’s been filing. He agrees to take her on a date to the swamps sometime to show her how creepy it is, and he shares some vid from their runs to impress her. Ro trains the team in some new tactics also. Ortega, realizing that last time he was here he posted a bounty on 2 ghouls that he saw trying to kidnap a family for food, starts to feel conflicted given his current situation. He checks with Archangel Bounty Redemption, and finds that it’s already been paid out, so he posts an apology on a variety of bounty boards, explaining that he didn’t know better but now he does. Shortly thereafter, he gets a call from one of Blaine Hammond’s rep’s, asking him to come in for a meet, saying they are intrigued by his ghoul Catholic True Communion take on things.

It seems like there’s plenty more work in Chicago, so they plan to stick around for a while.

Team 2 Part 4
6/7/2015, 3:09:25 PM
Pia Oliversson calls up Caria Alten, Shri Moreau, Achilles Serifim, and Munty early in the morning and tells them she has work for them out of the country, but they have to move quick if they want the job. Pay promises to be worth it though. She also tells them she’s hired a 5th runner for the gig, who’s new in town but seems capable.

They race to SeaTAC, and head to a private hangar that seems to be run by riggers and smugglers. They find a burly 60-ish dwarf named TenTen waiting for them, who tells them he is the 5th member. There they meet a human named Blackhawk and his daughter Osprey. BH tells them they’ll be travelling to Cheyenne, the capitol of the Sioux Nation, and can either fly across Salish-Shidhe territory and then slip across the border, or else fly to Denver and travel overland from there. He’ll provide a safehouse there as well as some supplies and job info. They decide to fly- riskier if detected but less likely to get fucked with.

BH gets them to the safehouse with some close calls and fancy flying, but no real trouble. Munty curls up in a corner and tries not to panic, not liking being airborne, but Rat chills her out. They get info about the meet with Mr. Johnson, and head into Cheyenne, using an old but functional van that BH keeps on-site. The safehouse is an old truck stop that looks pretty abandoned, but seems reasonably secure and stocked with necessities. BH leaves Caria his commcode and tells them that if they need a ride back to Seattle in the next 2-3 days, he’ll be in country for a bit before heading back himself.

They drive to Cheyenne, with Caria up front, being the only Native member of the crew (the nation’s population being over 95% Native post-partition). She hopes that as a Salish woman with some knowledge of Sioux culture, she at least won’t alert additional suspicion, as the others might. They reach the meet on time, and get the details on the job: they are to sabotage a massive industrial agriculture facility that provides about 1/5 of the nation’s food supply, as well as steal a ceremonial tomahawk from the company head’s office. They negotiate pay, and agree. The Johnson’s face looks a little weird, but they can’t quite place it. They do a little research, and based on his rep and slight accent, decide he probably works for Aztechnology, a major food producer, which makes sense for the job.

They go through his dossier and research the facility, and manage to find a disgruntled researcher named Gang Rupert who used to work there, but was kicked out due to the radical direction of his research. Shri interviews and bribes him for info, and they find out that the underground research facility on-site has a number of hidden emergency escape/rescue tunnels, which they could use to infiltrate the cavernous underground farm complex. They gear up, and Munty acquires a large ghillie blanket to conceal them all from drone surveillance. They time the run for the low-point of employee’s present, and Mr Johnson has told them that most of the the automated security will be down for maintenance during a short window while Ares Macrotechnology installs updates.

They head out, find the hatch to the escape tunnel, and manage to open it without setting off any alarms. They enter the research complex, and Munty and Tenten ko 3 of the 6 maintenance workers down there with Caria’s astral guidance. Tenten, Caria, and Shri slip into their uniforms and grab their ID badges, hoping it will help them get topside. Munty and Achilles sneak out into the farm area and start planting explosive charges on the pillars holding the cavern roof up. They notice that many of the farm drones seem to be monitoring their progress, but they don’t see any human guards or hear alarms so they continue.

Up top, Tenten gets stopped at the guard booth, as his uniform is hilariously ill-fitting. Shri and Caria decide to go ahead without him, and head over to the massive processing facility to use the aerosol spray the Johnson provided to poison the outgoing food supply. They succeed and head for the office building to grab the tomahawk. Caria uses a spirit to gain entry, and boosts Shri up. She heads upstairs, and grabs the tomahawk, but sets off an alarm in the process. Her and Caria ko some guards at a nearby emergency exit, and flee the complex, hiding near the van.

Meanwhile, ‘Drekbomb’ has proven his usefulness as a hacker yet again, as Tenten’s cover ID checks out at the guard station (after he spectacularly fails to intimidate them), and he heads back downstairs to meet up with the others, as the guards still seem suspicious. Achilles and Munty finish planting the explosives, but come under attack from a huge swarm of farm drones. Achilles gets sucked into a thresher but manages to jam it up with his heavily-cybered body, taking significant damage. They flee to the escape tunnel, with Achilles in full-on combat mode. Tenten is unable to stop him killing some workers in the research building as they flee, but they make good their escape and detonate their explosives.

The slice and dice some drones topside, and dash for the van. Achilles and Tenten manage to fight off 2 fairly powerful spirits, while Munty sneaks around under the ghillie blanket. They get in the van, and Caria manages to stunball a pursuing vehicle full of guards off the road, and they escape. They bury the tomahawk with a geo-tag, after realizing it is magically active and could be tracked. They burn the van, and hike back across the plains to the safehouse. They contact the Johnson and he puts the payment into an escrow account until he can retrieve the tomahawk and verify mission success. They agree, and contact Blackhawk to leave the country.

He says he’s about ready to leave, and arranges a pickup in exchange for guarding duty and some pay on the way back. They head back to Seattle, but once the wireless comes back on, BH seems pissed, and shares a video feed- it’s his safehouse getting trashed by Sioux National Police. They convince him they didn’t get followed, and determine that the Johnson must have betrayed them. They check the escrow and are distressed to find it closed. They contact Pia and she is also pissed- the Johnson’s data trail is a total scam, he seems to have just posted a series of fake reviews and info about himself just in advance of this job. The team arranges to start looking into him, hoping for revenge!

WetWork Saeder-Krupp Summer
5/26/2015, 4:36:44 PM
Runners:
Ortega
Aemon Burst
Christopher Toff
Ro Tain
and Chessick Allens-Whitehill

While the rest of the team is initiating/observing Aemon’s family, Toff spends a bunch of time bonding about conspiracies and ancient texts with Barnaby “Wombat” Rudd, and getting a feel for Hamburg. Ortega spends a lot of time at a church nearish to Die Sickegrubbe that caters to the poor and downtrodden, and eventually notices that a woman with iron cross embroidery on her clothes seems to be observing him. He takes precautions to keep her from following him to the base, but continues to attend services. At the next confession, he once again apologizes for eating people, etc, but the priest is weirdly silent.

Feeling paranoid, Ortega breaks through the confessional screen, and finds the priest strangled with a note pinned to his chest that reads “WHERE THERE IS NO REPENTANCE, FORGIVENESS IS ONLY PERMISSION BY ANOTHER NAME”. Sadly, busting the screen has alerted people outside, and they start banging on the door and calling for the priest. Ort bullrushes through them, but panics when he sees that he has bowled over some children, and just takes off pell-mell. Cries of “monster!” and “murderer!” follow him down the street, but everyone seems reluctant to get too close, and he makes good his escape as the cops start to arrive. He finally pulls himself together and gets back to the base.

Toff and Rudd analyze the parchment, and say that based on the insignia Ort saw on the woman, and the archival quality of the paper, they would estimate that either some faction within the church is targeting him (and possible priests who will take confession from a ghoul), or that someone is doing a frame-up. Ort vows revenge, but they convince him to keep it on the dl for now, as there is a 50,000 Nuyen bounty for info leading to his capture/death, as after a few days the cops and news have linked this murder to one Ort actually committed in Bogota, of a pedophile priest (a fact which is conveniently NOT mentioned on the news). They warn of an anti-Catholic or perhaps anti-poor serial killer on the loose, and play up the “ghoul monster” angle, wondering if he perhaps is part feral. They id the quote as being a translation of a phrase attributed to the first female Chrisitan martyr, Thecla. They decide more research is needed….

Everyone else arrives back, and Aemon tells them all about the job he got from Simon Andrews. They are to meet a Saeder-Krupp rep named Jean-Claude Priault. He insists that the team leave behind or disable any devices capable of recording, which Chessick has a hard time with but adjusts to. They attend the meet, and Priault (after his security detail check them out), gives them the deets. He has multiple teams working on a complex job, and based on this team’s rep has potentially a few linked jobs on offer, if they succeed in the first one.

Task one: SK’s AGS military has been compromised by some highly placed double agents. Another team has already id’d the people in question, so this team needs to find out who they are working for, how they contact their handlers, what info they have passed, and then ensure their deaths in a way that does not link all 5 victims. He suggests a few methods, before Chessick and Toff interrupt to try to talk him out of the necessity of murder. However, he won’t budge, and Aemon convinces the team to agree, as they can at least do it pro and limit collateral damage to other personnel/families/etc. They agree, and set terms. Priault tells them he wants all 5 done in about a week, so that they can move forward with other jobs safe from scrutiny from within.

They decide to start that night with the 2 agents in Hamburg. They track one, a SIGINT captain and family man, and find his likely routes. Chessick steals a Car2Go, and they add morphing plates to the Bulldog. Chessick and Toff wait in the van as lookouts, while Ort squeezes into the C2G and Aemon sets up an ambush. The target’s car rounds the corner into his subdivision, and Ort rams them. Aemon kills the target and the wounded driver (before Toff can stop him), and then crudely cuts a ‘link out of his foot after Chessick scans him for hidden devices. They skidaddle as the cops close in, and repaint the van at a local runner-friendly Spray’N’Pray. Chessick takes some IC damage from hacking the encrypted comm, but they get some info about what intel the target passed along, and who to: Ares Macrotechnology. It seems like weapons data from SK subsids, primarily.

Next, they decide to take out the other Hamburger-er, a Commodore. Doing some social hacking at sailor bars in the port, Toff and Chessick finds out that she is well-liked, largely due to the fact that she volunteers for a lot of the long, lonely night watches. Her ship, The Mountain KIng, is being restocked and somewhat refitted between missions currently, and is out at sea about 1km offshore. They head back to the base to plan and resupply. They rent a zodiac from the anarchists, and Ort buys a fullbody drysuit and mask. He heads toward the MK using one of the underwater “emergency escape” jetboards. Chessick stays behind to do matrix stuff. Toff summons a spirit to help, and accompanies Aemon in the zodiac.

They stop about about 500m from the MK, and scope out the target under spell protection from Toff. Ort approaches underwater with wireless disabled, and positions himself astride the bow, to see both side a bit. Aemon spots the target walking the deck with a hooded lantern, and takes his shot, seeing bone and brain matter exit the far side of her head. Toff’s spirit follows it’s command and shoves her tottering corpse towards the railing, where it folds and goes over. Ort manages to grab it before the rescue drones reach the area, having detected a “man overboard.”

They rendevouz at the base, but are unable to get more info from the corpse, as the head (and whatever ’ware was inside) is effectively gone. Ort takes the corpse down to a deep underwater, abandoned room with an air pocket, and floats it there for the mutant crabs and fish to eat. They hope that her crew will assume suicide. Next up: 3 more targets; 2 in Berlin and 1 in Frankfurt.

They head to Berlin first. They decide to catfish the first target, a man living on an secure airbase with his teenage daughter. Using Ro as “bait”, Chessick and Sem-par create a profile on a military dating site that they know the target uses. Chessick manages to talk the guy into drinks, at a trendy new bar in a gentrifying neighborhood. Aemon and Ortega, after some research, pose as members of a local gang, who “attack” Ro as she approaches the bar. She calls her date for help, and he rushes out, and Ortega stabs him to death in the ensuing brawl. They flee as the doorman opens up on them with a shotgun.

Next, they get Chessick to commit his first murder. Aemon buys a small drone, which they equip with a dartgun. Chessick hacks and blags his way into her building, posing as a repairman, and plants the drone as well as sabotaging the door lock. However, she returns before he finishes so he has to improvise. He fires up a jammer, the drone shoots her, and after she recovers from the initial paralysis, Chessick interrogates her for info about her handler, what info she’s sold, etc. He finds out that she was being blackmailed into passing secrets along, but feeling that she is going to die by someone’s hand (given the betrayal of SK), he might as well make it painless. So he simulates a drug and alcohol overdose, after promising he’ll take care of her pets. He adopts the 2 cats, after finding out which shelter they ended up in, but they eat the dog, which her handler made her get as an excuse to go out on long jogs and pass info to dead-drops.

That done, Chessick feels pretty queasy and terrible- this isn’t quite what he saw himself doing with his life. Next they head to Frankfurt (after once again swapping plates and paint jobs on the van), for the final assassination. The man they are after is older, lives alone in a somewhat ritzy building, and collects art. They can’t find any particular events he’ll be at in the next few days, so they decide to stage an “accident” in his condo, after id’ing a statue that it looks like they could tip on him from a photo spread in a magazine. Aemon poses as a repairman this time, while Chessick hacks his cover into the system. Toff summons a spirit, and after enjoying the range of emotions coming from the man’s art collection in astral space, tips the statue over on him.

He calls for help, but Chessick intercepts the signals and tells him someone is on the way. He pops the door lock for Aemon, who enters and interrogates the man before killing him with a piece that broke off of the statue. They find out that the man, who is looking rather gaunt, was terminally ill and had been approached by an Evo rep who told him they could upload his consciousness (perhaps as some sort of e-ghost?), to preserve his existence. He seems to have totally bought it, whether or not they actually have that capability.

With the 5 tasks all completed, and info for 3 of them, they report back to JC Priault. He is disappointed that they couldn’t learn who everyone was working with, but says that they have some ideas who the naval woman may have been signaling, based on analysis of her watch schedule, and which other corporate vessels were nearby at the time. They get paid, and Priault tells them he has another job for them: planting a spy in Ares naval sub command in Norfolk, CAS. They agree, and head out, hearing that there are more jobs in Chicago, and figuring that a free flight with their gear most of the way there isn’t a bad deal at all. Toff seems to be drinking more than usual, and Chessick is experiencing some PTSD flashbacks from the series of murders they just committed.

They make contact with the double agent, and receive a dossier on the Ares base as well as the target. The double agent, as far as they can tell, is an identical copy of the target, so the swap should work out fine as long as they don’t attract any attention while performing it. Ro and Chessick go and buy a lightly used van for the team, after Chessick does some hacking of the dealership to get a military discount. Ro and Ortega then take the van down to Atlanta to meet up with Jackpointer Turbo Bunny, whom they hire to trick it out with 2 smuggling compartments, ruthenium coating, morphing plates, and a couple spare spoof chips.

Meanwhile, Chessick, Toff, and Aemon research the job, and find the best times to bypass security, as well as formulating a plan to pose as appliance delivery men. Chessick hacks the subcontractor that the real military-approved deliverymen work for, and finds a delivery that matches one of their ideal insertion windows. He swaps the 3 employees biometrics for his, Ro’s, and Aemon’s, and they plan an ambush site. When the day comes, Ortega overtakes the delivery van on a rural frontage road and cuts them off, forcing them to a stop, after which the team quickly ko’s everyone (at Toff and Chessick’s insistence), with Toff even stabilizing one man who was on the brink of death, while Chessick jams transmissions.

Ortega stays with the men after hiding their van in the woods nearby. He has 3 doses of Laes to give them once they heal enough that it won’t kill them, and some C-Squared to clean off biometric data on the van. Chessick pulls the delivery van’s transponder and puts it in their van, and then turns off his jammer. He also clones the van’s comms so he can answer any calls the delivery center tries to make to them. They head to the base, to make their delivery window. With some fast talking (and good etiquette) they make it through, with Toff and the double agent wrapped in an algae blanket in one of the Faraday-ed smuggling compartments.

They travel easily through the CAS section of the base, with Chessick really enjoying soaking in the “culture” such as it is- he only really knows the Americas through sims so he’s observant. They reach the ARES section, and once again manage to sneak past with some solid social skills. They divert from their scheduled delivery path slightly, to go to the target’s house (the double agent having provided her schedule so they know she’s home, and alone). The double agent contorts herself, creepily, into the dryer they are to deliver, and Toff magically silences Aemon. Ro and Aemon haul the full dryer up to the door and knock, awakening the real Captain Rebecca Smith, who seems annoyed and slightly suspicious. Aemon, forgetting he is silenced, tries to explain, and Ro decides to push through so she can’t shut the door.

The double agent triggers a jammer, and Aemon slips inside and ko’s the surprised Smith with Stick-n-shock. The double uncontorts herself, and strips off the real Smith’s clothes, before dressing in them herself and helping Ro and Aemon stuff her in the dryer. The rest of the team has had no LOS or comms inside during this, but Chessick has been in the throes of an epic flashback so he’s pretty useless anyway. Ro and Aemon haul the dryer back out, with the double acting a scene for neighbors benefits, as some military police pull up. Chessick manages to snap out of it, and explain that their van has been fritzing and they had the wrong address. The police check with Smith, but seeing as she confirms the story, they agree to escort the team to the proper address.

They deliver the stuff, and actually figure out how to hook it up correctly, after stuffing Smith and Toff back in the compartment. However, unable to communicate, they don’t know that Smith woke back up (auto-injector?) and got into a terrifying CQC fight with Toff before he managed to stunball her into unconsciousness more long-term. He is fairly injured and covered in stinking algae and piss by the time it’s over. They exit the base without any trouble, and make contact with the SK agent to arrange the real Smith’s extraction from the country, now that the mole is in place.

Ortega stages a car crash with the other van on a plausible route, carefully placing the drugged and ko’ed deliverymen in the van after. They toss the old appliances in, and Chessick reconnects the transponder, and undoes his comm-fix. They head way out of the city to a dilapidated barn, with Toff headbutting Smith every once in a while to keep her out.

Ortega is the only one to spot the heavily camoflagued soldiers as they open the barn doors, revealing a similarly cloaked T-bird. Their liaison lifts his optic gear to reveal his face, and tells them to get the target out so they can move. They comply, and receive their pay as the SK forces take off, leaving them awash in downdraft. Priault tells them that he is well-satisfied with their work. Toff isn’t looking (or smelling) great, so they grab a hotel for the night, and clean up, figuring they’ll roadtrip up to Chicago next, after programming a new set of spoof chips to get across the border.

They also hear from Sem-par that Priault has been hiring a bunch of pro teams for big runs against other corps, globally. SP, Lafeyette, and Yuyi, alongside some other skilled infiltrators, inserted some stuff on a Shiawase base, as well as on CAS and Aztlan naval vessels. Plus another team got into a massive firefight with the Red Samurai trying to “kidnap” a Renraku exec in Chiba City, but SP has it on good authority that they actually made a swap with an identical double similar to what they team just pulled, using the “kidnapping attempt” as cover. So it seems like SK is set up to do something major to a bunch of it’s main competitors, all at once, if they so choose…..

Team 2 Part 3
3/10/2015, 4:14:33 PM
Team 2:
Achilles Serifim
Caria Alten
Servaas Nikolic
Shri Moreau
Munty

The team is contacted by Pia Oliversson, who tells them that thanks to their hard work she is making better & better connections, and getting them better jobs as a result. She has a job for the Seoul’Pa Rings on offer, and the team agrees to the meet. They meet a Choson Ring rep named Sung Yi in the matrix, and get the rundown: she wants them to do the heavy lifting in a heist against a secret Kanaga-Gumi vault in Auburn, hidden under a private bank that the Yakuza uses to launder money from front businesses in the area.

They agree, deciding to take an amount negotiated upfront rather than a percentage. Caria also asks after her father, KImo Alten, knowing that the Choson work closely with Komun’Go and their allies the Dogmen. Being smugglers who operate in Salish lands, she figures they might know something. The team does some recon, and confirm the info that they were given: the bank is across the alley from a strip mall containing a number of fronts, including a bar, a hotel, and a tattoo shop, all of which have a somewhat shady rep, and are rumored to be connected to a number of disappearances in the area. This indicates that the Kanaga-Gumi may be trying to expand into organ-legging more seriously, which would eat into the Komun-Go/Dogmen dominance in that field.

They decide to hit the bank at night, due to the lower number of staff on hand. They negotiate with a Skraacha member named Gurzag to use a partially collapsed smuggling tunnel nearby as an access point, and they dig over to create a small chamber under the secret vault, where they rig up some explosives to blow out the floor, having decided that a frontal assault was too problematic. They agree to give the Skraacha a 6th share, but tell the Sung Yi that they are only paying a 10th share, as they figure no-one besides the Yak actually know what’s in the vault anyway, and this will leave them some wiggle room. They also arrange to lay low for a week after the job in a Skraacha safehouse, to avoid (immediate) retribution.

Shri goes into the Yak bar to distract and intoxicate the foot soldiers loitering there, hoping to slow their response time to the disturbance at the bank. With Seducer’s help, she succeeds, but also gets pretty messed up herself, and sleeps with 2 of the Yak LT’s in the cube hotel next door, before fleeing to the safehouse, luckily with all of her organs and parts. Munty, dressed as a city worker, manages to hide a decoy bomb in some shrubs out front of the bank before getting chased off by suspicious security. That bomb goes off a little early, due to Achilles lack of expertise, but the basement bomb works out fine, and they storm the vault, and Munty uses ultrasound to guide them through the settling dust and debris.

They get into a gunfight with 4 very surprised Yak guards, and Servaas manages to get to the vault door and seal it from the inside before any further guards can enter, assisted by some gas grenades they chuck outside first. They manage to loot all of the notable looking containers in the place while Achilles sets up 2 more bombs to cover their escape. They barely make it clear before the Yak manage to hack the door open, setting off the first bomb. Using big dog drones rented from the Skraacha, they escape down the tunnel with all the goods as Achilles detonates the 2nd bomb, further collapsing that area and ensuring that they won’t be immediately followed.

They reach the safehouse, and pay the Skraacha their 6th share using a huge pile of corp scrip that they find, before sending the tripchips, personafixes, organs, ’ware, and bribe/extortion books onto the Choson Ring. They get paid, and prepare to lay low for a while.

Depth Charge
2/25/2015, 6:44:09 PM
Runners:
Ortega
Ro Tain
Aemon Burst
Christopher Toff
and Chessick Allens-Whitehill

The team gets another job offer through Artholomew Johnson, though this time he’s just acting as a fixer, rather than hiring direct. After some research, they discover that the Johnson they are to meet is a man named Charles Findlay, an ambitious low-level Ares exec. He wants them to access an old ordnance magazine buried deep underground, below the West End Underplex. After some further research, to determine who they might piss off by raiding the magazine, they are unable to determine who might have once operated it. Findley claims records of it’s existence were lost in Crash 2.0, and as far as they can tell that is the case.

Findley has a distraction planned, to pull any security away from their locale, and also provides cover ID’s, transport, dog drones to carry, and some explosives. He has the whole op carefully planned and seems to mostly just need warm (and reasonably competent) bodies. They gear up, and Ro steers their cargo boat through the busy Thames traffic to the Underplex docks. They bypass security no prob, and follow a mapsoft to the rough location of the magazine entrance. Finding a discount lingerie store now occupying the spot, and no obvious secret doors, Toff uses magical sight to find an open space behind a poured concrete closet wall. They call in a favor from the Exchange and get a monofil chainsaw delivered (via drone), and cut through.

They descend through a cavernous concrete maze, which seems to still be intact. They find the magazine they seek, and Chessick manages to power up the keypad, using a small generator he brought with for just such an occasion. Ortega hulks out and yanks the door open, squealing its protestation on rusty hinges. They enter a large round chamber, with 6 corridors leading to more vault-like doors down radial corridors. They start checking them, and realize they should have brought more flashlights, as it is pitch black down here. They manage to get into the first 3 without trouble, and find a bunch on unlabelled, and seemingly outdated heavy ordnance. Looks like explosives and chemical weapons made for warships, subs, tanks, aircraft and the like.

Trying the 4th door, they find it locked, and decide to use the explosives- the other chambers all having air-locked entrances, they assume any secondary explosions will be contained. Ro stays to trigger the bomb (with no wireless she requires LOS), and the rest of the team mostly closes the large main door. They blow the door, with no secondary problems, and enter. They find some puddles on the floor, which the CSI kits id’s as old, melted plastic biohazard suits. They also find a discarded flamethrower, which Ro says is an Ares model from the 2050/2060’s. Entering the 2nd door, they find what looks to be a dozen sets of metahuman remains, long decomposed, all of whom seem to have been shot in the back of the head, execution style, and then burned. Ro says their biohazard suits are also an Ares make from the same period. In the middle of the otherwise empty chamber sits the box they were told to retrieve.

Ortega and Ro get it up on the dog drones, who haul it back up to the store, where Chessick has looped the security footage to cover their entrance and escape. They head back into the mall, and make for the docks, after Chessick purloins some supplies to try to add some wear and tear to the otherwise very military-looking crate. They spot some Renraku Red Samurai checking everyone at the docks, and quickly backtrack. They decide to take a land exit into the Overplex, and Ro is distraught to discover that the “distraction” apparently involved a bloody shootout at the main train station on the far side of the Underplex, which culminated in the snatching of a Renraku exec.

They reach the overground after blagging their way past some less severe guards, and find an abandoned building to hole up in. They call Findley, and open the case to verify the artifact so he can send someone to collect. He quickly hangs up after seeing what’s inside, and tells them that they are in deep trouble, as in addition to the artifact the crate contains 4 canisters of FAB. They panic a bit, but exmaine the canisters, and see that one seems to have been pierced by a bullet at some point, though it long ago leaked out. So none are actively dispensing at least, though Chessick determines that they are set to vent if the artifact is moved from the crate. The object is itself a large stone Eater Island style head laced with orichalcum.

Ortega calls in a favor from his new friends in Tamanous and finds a nearby crematorium and medical cleaning facility that is willing to do some off books burning for cash. Aemon, Ro and Toff all confer and agree that they should be able to contain and destroy the FAB with an extreme application of fire, so they head out. They get shaken down by a large mob of local gangers, led by a changeling named Webfoot, who seem to have spotted them coming in and decided they were worth a poke. They bribe their way out without a fight, and reach the crematory. They bribe the whimsical French technician on hand, Reinhard Murtas to leave them alone for an hour, and he takes off.

They get ready, and put their plan in motion: Ortega quickly snatches the head out, then Toff blasts the case with flamethrower, then Chessick and Aemon slam the grate shut while Ro kicks the incinerator into gear. It goes off just fine, and after Toff confirms that the FAB was destroyed, they call Findley again, who sends a truck around to pick it up and pay them. He thanks them for their service, and the word on the street is that his acquisition has helped him rise a bit in Ares’ ranks. Toff didn’t like the look of either the FAB or the artifact though- both had a nasty astral vibe about them. Overall, the team is happy to be done with it.

Art calls again, with another offer of work, and tells them this one is likely to get hot: a contested extraction! They accept, and begin gearing up, as Art says there will likely be more than one opponent. Ortega gets ahold of his Tamanous contacts, and arranges to keep his meat allotments in their storage facilities, as well as receive a discount, in exchange for doing some unspecified future favors for them. They give him an invite to The Continental, an international private hotel chain that caters to various “special needs.” He goes, eats, and rejoins the team.

They manage to grab the researcher from the NeoNET team at the British Museum, after a hard fight in which Toff nearly dies. They escape, but are attacked by a Saeder-Krupp team after a spirit of man (which looks suspiciously similar to Rooster) tips them off to each other’s location. They lay low at the researcher’s country cottage for a time, before fighting off some SAS killers working for the Lord Protectorate’s Office/NDM, and sell the researcher on to Tir Republican Corps, his preferred destination. They get paid, and Art tells them to clear out of London for awhile, as it’s gotten a bit hot there.

They head back to the continent, and Ro and Aemon head to Aemon’s family’s current spot to initiate again. Aemon brings Suzuki Jones along to try to impress her, and Chessick tags along to do some international reportage for the All-Seeing Eye. Aemon once again aces his trial, somewhat impressing Suzuki, but Ro fails hers, unable to balance strength and will. Annoyed, she studies to try again in another lunar cycle. The Horizon presence amidst Aemon’s people has become even more pronounced, and he warns them again about buying into it, but they seem pretty stoked. He also meets a Horizon rep named Horst who has “gone native”, adopting the dress and accent of this Romani tribe. He tells Aemon that it has been great research for Horizon into how to effectively reach transient consumers, and tells him once again that he hopes that the team will look favorably on any Horizon-related jobs in the future.

The rest of the team hangs in Hamburg, catching up on gossip as well as chores for the Klabauterbund, as they haven’t been around the safehouse much recently. Ro is a bit worried that Thankyou aka Eckhard Roberts knows so much about their hideout, however. SYD seems to be operating at a much higher level than previously (perhaps upgraded or overtaken during her time with Daedelus in the ACHE?). Sem-par and Barnaby “Wombat” Rudd seem much the same as ever, caught up in conspiracies and gossip. They also assure the team that they haven’t had any more unfortunate corp-sec run-in’s, and that the base seems totally safe.

Aemon gets a call from Simon Andrews that SK has some work for them, and they agree to meet up and hear all about it, after some clubbing of course.

Silicon Slick
2/10/2015, 8:47:35 PM
Runners:
Ortega
Ro Tain
Aemon Burst
Christopher Toff
and Chessick Allens-Whitehill

Butch, when contacted by Toff, is excited about the research possibilities of Ortega’s dual HMHVV and CFD infection. She agrees to cover the costs of a “managed” infection with HMHVV, in a secure clinic, hopefully driving the CFD out or at least into hiding. Ort heads in to the friendly clinic (local blacksite doctors, as London is an outbreak site, are not unfamiliar with CFD), and they remove his bioware, in preperation for the inevitable essence loss from the transition. They manage to save all his cyber, but tell him he will have to be on intense immuno-suppressants for the remainder of his life to keep it working. Butch agrees to cover the cost of these for now, so long as Ort regularly reports in with data.

A week later, after some harrowing fevers, losing all his hair, an extending of the jaw, a hardening of the skin, and the sharpening and lengthening of his teeth and claws, he emerges as a functional ghoul. The sun now hurts him, and he is not sure at what point in the week he stopped eating “normal” food and was weaned onto flesh, but he now has a mighty hunger for it. The rest of the team is a bit disturbed by all of this, especially as he has become fully cyberpsychotic at this point as well. They are unsure they could prevent him from eating them if he really wanted to. Ro is off doing some work for Renraku Computer Systems, to help make up for them losing the rail contract.

They also hear that the Helling estate has been gutted by a major fire, and that James Helling, and many members of his staff and family are believed to have perished. Chessick does some digging, and eventually gets ahold of Baxton Gresh, who is in a safehouse on his way to Asamando, with the other sentient ghouls from the estate (or at least the ones who made it out). He says that late the day of the vote, a hit squad came out, and that they only barely made it out. It seems like the fire was a cover-up after the fact, probably to keep news of the infected aristocrat from leaking out. Gresh rails against the hypocrist, and Chessick eats it up, and writes up a fittingly acidic story, which he plans to publish through the All-Seeing Eye.

Luckily, they get another job offer from Artholomew Johnson to distract them. He has them meet him at Wembley Stadium, and tells them he needs them to retrieve a courier of his who was ambushed and has gone to ground. They agree, and notice a woman eyeing Chessick and Aemon. Chessick, used to the attention, pays her no mind as she seems a bit tipsy. Aemon, a desperate 19-year old, flirts pretty hard and givers her his number. They head out.

They first check the courier, Jon Jackie Jones’, safehouse. It’s been tossed and there signs of forced entry but no sings of murder or assault. They check some favorite haunts of his, and find some odd scenes of violence: he is apparently well known in all the places, often using different nicknames, but when he showed up today, he was acting strange. In one instance, he walked in and gunned down 6 corp drones in a faux-dangerous bar, traumatizing the other patrons. Then he made his way to a street sam hangout where he used to hire muscle, and talking like a medieval knight, assaulted some patrons with a club. Then he went to a fancy bar, but when approached by a friendly employee, responded in Japanese, kneed him, and ran off.

While checking the bars, they are approached by a man calling himself Nigel Patterson who offers to buy Jones’ from them at a lower rate than Johnson, but hints that he can get them restricted gear through government contacts as well. He tells them that Jones is couriering a nanotech package that could spell doom for London and perhaps the human race, if it is not contained within 5 hours. He seems very desperate, but they do some digging, and Aemon hears from Fianchetto that Patterson is a disgraced MI-5 officer who got drummed out and has been looking for a big score to work his way back in. They tell him no, and he says that this isn’t the last they’ve seem of him!

Based on info in the dossier they have on the courier, and on his apparent sim-addicition and experimental hyper-real simrig, they think he may have been infected with CFD or something similar, causing him to manifest different sim personalities. They call Sem-par, who confirms that the 3 behaviors and styles of dress described fit three popular sim roles. They are approached at the final bar by a woman who they had previously seen healing patrons in the sam bar. She says she is an old friend of Jones’, and introduces herself as Agatha Hawthorne. She says that she has checked them out and that she thinks they are the best chance of brining Jones in alive and well. She offers to help, but says she needs a few hours to prepare.

While dining in her place, The Rose and Thistle, Aemon gets a call from the woman from the stadium, who asks him to meet her outside. Expecting a hookup, he is surprised to find her all business, and also wanting to buy Jones out from under Johnson. However, she also offers significantly more money than either of the other parties. She also confirms Nigel’s story, with significantly more detail. Aemon gets ahold of Fianchetto again, and he speculates that this may be Monica St. Cloud, a mysterious assets retrieval specialist that he’s run across on occasion. She’s very non-specifically corporate, and no-one seems to know who she actually works for. However, she seems to like to hire locals to do the actual heavy lifting, and is thought to stick by her word, though she also likes to leave a tidy scene with no loose ends. They also decline her offer, choosing to stay pro, but worrying that she may come back at them later. They assume she is working for whatever corp the nano was stolen from originally, but who knows.

Hawthorne reappears, seemingly in some sort of semi-lucid trance, and leads them a few blocks away to a small building where she has a ritual circle and a variety of reagents. She has them each stand at the points of a pentagram, with her cat familiar at the 5th. The cat doesn’t much like Ort. Hawthornes re-emerges, skin covered in mystical runes, and dances about the center of the circle, using some blood from a cue ball from the sam bar to try to locate Jones. As the ritual concludes, she goes rigid, collapses to the floor, and tells the team that they are headed to Lambeth: Jones is at a location in the Squeeze. The team calls up Ro, feeling they could use another gun, but they’ll have to be quick about gearing up, and they only have a few short hours until the timeline that Monica and Nigel gave them is up….

Ro calls in some Renraku favors, and gets the team some SMG’s and a combat axe, then they head. Hawthorne gives them a contact in the Squeeze, a dwarf cabbie named Hobbes. They bribe their way in, meet up with him. He gives them the lowdown, while driving them to the school where Jones appears to unconscious and surrounded by suspicious auras. The area is the turf of the NNW, a “protection” gang. The team exits the cab a few blocks away, to close on foot, and plan to send Aemon and Chessick up to negotiate if possible.

Toff astrally and magically scouts, and sees that Jones is tied to a chair, looking like he was beat unconscious. There are about 2 dozen gang members on the property, in the school or patrolling around with flashlights and hunting rifles. Chessick makes his approach, and they manage to buy Jones off of the very leery gangers for a tidy sum. The gangers seem to think he’s a a spy, and Chessick and Aemon have to think fast to get them to hand him over. They exit the lot, when a Roadmaster comes racing up. 8 goons jump out, as the NNW members holler about a trap and fall back into cover. The team comes under fire, further confusing the NNW, and return fire in turn. Ro, examining the APC, notices it looks a bit beat-up, and has some painted over military stencils, and speculates this is Nigel’s “revenge.”

Aemon is able to dodge an impressive number of shots, and brings down the APC turret as well as 2 goons, as Ortega charges up from the other side with Ro providing suppressive fire. However, a chopper suddenly clears the adjacent roofs and opens fire on Ro and Ortega. 4 military types on ziplines descend, cutting down a few more APC goons, as well as ko-ing Aemon. Chessick tries to protect Jones, who keeps switching personalities, while also trying to hack the chopper. With some spirit and spell harassment from Toff, they force the chopper to pull back out of LOS, as the APC also flees with the remaining discouraged goons aboard.

The team fights a hard battle, with Toff painfully slowly making his way near enough to help. The new threat (perhaps St. Cloud’s?) destroys Toff’s spirit, but won’t target Chessick (too close to Jones!). They drop Ortega, finally, and heavily injure Ro, before Toff is able to scatter them with a massive stunball. They fall back, and the team races back to Hobbes’ cab, wanting to clear the scene before any reinforcements arrive. They ditch their weapons to get through the checkpoint, paying a steep bribe, and calling Art for a pickup. He sends a medi-limo for Jones, and tells them “good job.” They heal up as much as they can, though Toff further wounds Ortega in the attempt, unused to his new ghoul anatomy, and sends him to the hospital.

While there, Ro and Aemon decide to implant a cranial bomb, set to run silent, with a short nonsense phrase trigger that only they know. Just in case he gets out of control… Butch covers the surgical costs, hoping this will help ensure their continued data reportage. Toff offers the destroyed spirit some reagents as an apology, not wanting to get a bad rep. Everyone else heals up in a few days, and gets paid, with promises of future jobs also in the works. Art also tells them that the stolen nano wasn’t actually a threat, just new tech. They believe him, but then they believed the others before too.

Ortega, needing to eat and unsure how to proceed, calls up the Exchange and asks for a hookup. They text him an address and a time, but he is unable to find it out a map. Chessick figures out it’s a simple cipher, and the meet (and the meat ha) should be at an old graveyard, buried off a disused section of the tube system. He codes a map, and Ortega descends into the less savory corners of the Underground. He reaches the graveyard, after successfully spooking anyone who attempted to approach. He can hear what sounds like a river running nearby, and know the place must be old by the large amount of Catholic grave markers present.

A cloaked, hooded figure emerges from the murk and greets him with “you’re late.” Ortega apologizes, and explains his needs (25 lbs of metahuman meat per week, due to his huge size), and the figure offers an absurd rate. Ortega tries to counter, and though socially inept, the figure agrees to a lower amount. He gives Ortega a small package as a “token” and says the first week’s delivery can arrive that very night if he provides an address. He gives them Chessick’s flat number, where the team is laying low, and rips open the package, finding a human hand and a blood-red commlink within. He devours the flesh from the hand, and returns to the flat.

A large suitcase is delivered a few hours later, waking everyone up in the middle of the night, and Chessick warns Ortega that this is absolutely not acceptable to do again. Ortega chows down on the limb sections inside, rationalizing that they couldn’t possibly be children, right? He checks the commlink after it chirps, and it welcomes him to Tamanous’ home delivery network. Chessick knocks together a piece for the All-Seeing Eye about the situation in the Squeeze, using some quotes from people he talked to there. They hear from Art that he has another job, and get ready to roll.

Team 2 Part 2
2/3/2015, 4:41:09 PM
Team 2:
Achilles Serifim
Caria Alten
Servaas Nikolic
Shri Moreau
introducing Belle Pepper and Munty

The team gets a job from ‘Drekbomb’, while he is recuperating in the hospital. He tells them to go to hacker bar, and wait to be approached- there’s some paranoid types looking for a capable team, but they want to check them out before meeting. They agree, and head to The Armadillo in Puyallup. They wander a bit and order some drinks, until Shri becomes sure that a group in the corner is watching them. They approach, and the leader introduces himself as Speed Hack. He says they want the team to break some SINless technomancers out of a Knight Errant facility. They agree, though Servaas is a bit reluctant, due to his dislike of fugitives.

The get the rundown of the plan, and head out to get started. They find out that KE uniforms are laundered in minimally secure facility off the main training campus in Renton, and head there. Shri and Caria distract some guards while Belle and Achilles cut through a fence (Belle repeatedly shocking herself), and crack the lock on the back door. They sneak in, and Belle manages to convinced Achilles not to kill everyone inside. They steal some uniforms, and exfiltrate with no trouble. Shri, at Seducer’s command, makes plans to party with the 2 trainee guards later.

They buy a beater car, and some spare tires to fit the prison transport van, and set up an ambush along it’s route under an overpass. Achilles slices through the front wheel as it rolls past, and the van skids to a stop. Realizing they didn’t think through a non-lethal approach, they kill the guards inside, including 1 who surrenders. They ko the prisoners with a stun baton, and change into their uniforms, while Belle swaps the wheel, and Shri redirects traffic and inquiries. They dump the bodies in the car, and Caria and Achilles take it to an abandoned lot in the Redmond Barrens and torch it.

The rest of the team covers up the bloodstains and damage to the van interior as best as possible, throws out the spare tire, and bluffs call-in about their late arrival, due to tire trouble. They scam their way into the prison using the ID’s and passes provided by Speed Hack, and pick up the “work detail.” However, another guard insists on coming along as they have 6 prisoners and only 3 guards. They manage to convince them not to make them swap vans, against regulation as they are not supposed to take it out with the spare on. They kill the new guard as well, drop off the freed prisoners, get paid, and torch the van also. Job well done?

Pia Oliversson contacts Shri and Caria, and tells them that she has another job for them. She’s expecting low to no combat, so she requests they leave the pyschos out on this one. She also introduces them to Munty, a 50-some year old human woman who has a very non-memorable face. Pia tells them that Munty is a skilled thief and infiltrator and will be joining them on this job, to see how they work together. They get the number for Mr. Johnson, and head to the meet:a boarded tenement in Puyallup. They decide to sneak in to impress the Johnson, with some success, though Caria is embarrassed at failing to scale the brick walls.

Inside, they find the dwarf man they are supposed to meet, who is wearing a fancy suit that has seen better days. He tells them that he wants to use them to subtly sway the Consensus, Horizon’s employee-voting decision-making system. He claims that he wants to return Horizon to a place closer to their founding ideals, as he feels they have drifted onto too aggressive of a path. From what they can tell, he’s being honest (and offering good money), though he won’t give any personal details. They do suss out that he is either a former or current employee however. They take the job.

Part 1: they are to infiltrate Horizon Seattle, their downtown office tower, and get themselves added to a list of “new employees” attending an orientation the next day. Caria provides astral overwatch and distracts the receptionists, while Shri distracts the 2 security guards while Munty passes by using a pass she lifted off an exiting employee. Munty, dressed as a janitor, makes her way to the HR department, finds the computer room, lifts another pass, and sneaks in. Having used demara to temporarily learn computers, she adds their names to the orientation list (it won’t hold up under scrutiny but should get them in the door), and sneaks back out, helping a frantic employee find their “missing” pass on the way.

They return the next day (Shri having slept with one of the guards at Seducer’s suggestion), and head in. After watching an hours worth of pro-Horizon propaganda, they can tell what the Johnson is talking about: the more recent trids and talking points are decidedly more aggressive, seemingly due to Horizon’s loss of face in the recent war between Aztlan and Amazonia. They all follow the appropriate ARO line to the department they are “going to work for”, and mingle and chat with some veteran employees (who are very gung-ho on Horizon but happy to answer questions) as well as the other new hires.

Every 5 to 15 minutes, they get different ethical dilemma questions, seemingly polling from the Consensus, and they try to answer them as the Johnson wanted- in a more compassionate/forgiving way. Unfortunately, unable to communicate and not knowing the questions ahead of time, they are occasionally working at cross purposes. They all manage to bluff their way through the orientation, however, and make their exits with various excuses (or just slip off in Munty’s case). The Johnson tells them that although they had some effect, it was not as great as he had hoped, so they really need to nail the next 2 jobs.

They fly to LA on the Johnson’s dime, and deciding to bring only legal gear, get a contact for the local Ancients chapter from Belial. They land, and call up Alex Foxfire to get the necessary gear, as well as a car and a safehouse. They surveil the next target: Horizon’s spaceflight subsid, Transglobal. The head of the division, Maggie Snowden, is giving a speech about their space program in a few days, and the Johnson wants to insert some specific inspiring language into it, to make sure that Horizon employees watching the speech (of which there should be quite a few) will be properly swayed. Shri finds a lonely middle-aged employee, and takes her out for drinks, and plies her for info about the speechwriter(s). The project lead is a woman in her 40’s, so they decide to kidnap and question her, and then have Munty infiltrate the facility using her biometrics in order to steal the speech. The Johnson gives them the name of a local screenwriter, Ralston Beauregard, who can do a quick edit if they can get it to him.

They snatch the woman leaving a yoga class, and throw a mage/faraday hood over her head after tasing her to prevent her communicating. They get her back to the safehouse with no trouble, and ziptie her to a chair. Caria wakes her up and they start questioning her. Caria tries to intimidate her by threatening her cats, but feels Bear’s strong disapproval, and backs down. However, she’s still quite scared, so the team manages to get the info they need. They line the trunk of the car with metal to make an impromptu faraday cage, knock the writer out, and drive back downtown. Munty copies her prints and retinas real quick, and then exits the trunk and rushes into the building, to use the biometrics before they revert.

Shri provides physical overwatch on the car, while Caira goes on an astral jaunt to keep an eye on Munty inside. Munty gets past security, altough just barely, and uses the writer’s description to find her office. She imitates the writer’s voice to get in, and to use the computer. She gets a copy of the speech, and leaves the office again, to go find a wireless-accessible spot, becoming somewhat lost in the process. However, she sends the speech out, and Shri passes it on to Ralston, who says it’ll be a few hours. Caria helps Munty hide in a janitorial supplies closet during the wait. Ralston sends the edit back, and Munty wanders around again until she finds her way back to a familiar area, and puts the speech back on the computer. She also forwards it to Maggie Snowden for final approval, so that no-one else will tweak it after all this hard work.

They head back to the safehouse and wait out the night. Shri calls in sick, posing as the writer, the next day, and they get a call from the Johnson saying that the speech was a success. They drop the writer off in a public part in a nice part of town, still unconscious, figuring that Doc Wagon or Horizon will start getting a biomonitor signal and come get her before long. The Johnson tells them the next job is to influence at least 10 votes for the upcoming Academy Awards, in order to ensure a win for the Pathfinder Media trid that’s up for best picture. It’s, overall, a tale of pacifism and overcoming differences through tolerance and understanding, so a win for the Horizon subsid would help sway the Consensus further in the correct direction.

They’re already in LA, so they get to work. Relying on a combination of blackmail, bribery, seduction, appeals to better natures, and the like, they manage to sway the requisite number of voters over the next few days. Shri gains a few more notches in her belt, for Seducer’s approval. Their chosen picture wins, and the Johnson, happy with their work, thanks them and pays up. They head back to Seattle.

Swing Vote
1/30/2015, 12:01:04 AM
Runners:
Ortega
Ro Tain
Aemon Burst
Introducing: Christopher Toff and Chessick Allens-Whitehill

Arriving in London, they head straight to the meet, it being a last minute thing. Someone named “A Johnson” has requested their presence, and even though its a basement bar in a back alley, they handily navigate there via the omnipresent ARO’s that have been bombarding them since halfway across the Channel.

They meet a man who identifies himself as Artholomew Johnson, which they all think is just a bit too cute to be real, but thats how it is. He lays out the job: he needs to know which way a tight vote on a transit tunnel is going to go, before the vote happens. He has secured them invites to a pol-function where many of the relevant figures will be, and gives them some names to look into in specific. He doesn’t seem to have an agenda as to swinging it one way or the other, just wants to make money by knowing which it will go. They fumble the negotiation a bit, and he brings down his offer slightly after threatening to walk. They talk him back around, and he gives them all the needed info and invites.

They find a hotel that seems decent, though a bit far from the city center. Toff buys a decent suit on Saville Row, so that he can blend in, and assures the team that his magical abilities will make him a useful component of this job. They find a message waiting for them at the hotel desk when they check in, from a woman id’ing herself as Rhiannon Glendower. She says that she knows who they are working for, and will offer assistance if they help ensure the vote goes her way. She says an elven woman named Elwes will be in attendance at the function tomorrow, and that they should make contact on arrival.

They do some research on all 3 people, and find that Johnson is an info-broker, who seems to have illicitly made some money in New York in a past life, before fleeing just ahead of the SEC and setting up here. So that all checks out. Elwes seems to be Glendower’s main London operative, Glendower herself apparently residing primarily in Wales. Glendower checks out too: she is concerned with urban renewal, and is one of the sponsors of the original transit plan, which would connect the Lambeth Containment Zone (aka the Squeeze) to the Underplex, and the rest of city transit, finally giving the cordoned-off residents some economic opportunities. However, Renraku has attempted to repurpose the funds to connect their London arcology to the Underplex, increasing their market share there, and driving up the value of their corporate scrip.

This is a bit of a dilemma: Ro definitely wants Renraku to get what they want. But Toff feels that the LCZ strongly resembles the Ork Underground, and wants to give those people a chance. Ortega and Aemon are both more on the side of the Squeeze than the Corp, but they decide to, for now, see which way the vote is going before making any hard plans. They also meet up with a tabloid reporter named Chessick Allens-Whitehill, who says he has been sent by Art to make sure they can handle the social aspects of the evening ahead, as he apparently feels they were a bit lacking in graces. After discussing the plan further, Ro agrees not to prevent the team from swinging the vote to benefit the Squeeze, so long as she doesn’t have to act directly against Renraku, as she really dislikes metahuman experimentation.

They stock up on needed gear (RFID mics, a puzzler gun for Aemon, stylish clothes as needed), and Ro and Chessick brief the team on appropriate etiquette and Japanacorp styles. They head to the Lobbyist’s Ball, with Ortega acting as driver/security, and the rest posing as trade delegates. They mingle, and all manage to find some people aligned with their interests to tally votes from. Aemon corners the rural contingent, Toff looks into the religious vote, Ro closes in on the other trade delegates and Japanacorp employees, Ortega makes small talk with the other security onsite, and Chessick finds Elwes to compate notes. After spying on the speaker of parliament and his aide, as well as much convo, they end up with a worrying tally: 33% against, 66% for the Renraku plan. There is only 1 vote unaccounted for: James Helling.

They leave, and do some digging. Apparently Helling has received some sort of unspecified threats, and has been holed up on the family estate, with increased security, for the last few weeks. He has been voting from home during this time, but doesn’t seem to have deviated much from his regular stances on things. However, Chessick digs through the All-Seeing Eye back catalog and finds a grainy vid that looks to be Helling entering a dingy back alley establishment of some sort with 2 guards, and stumbling out 4 minutes later with what looks like a fresh bite mark under his arm. He has been involved in a long-running series of drink/drug/gambling/prostitution scandals in the press, and this seemed initially to be another one, though the team begins to wonder what exactly bit him… They also find rumors of some sort of red-haired trickster harassing people all around the British Isles, and worry that it may be Dark Harlequin.

They decide they better go to his estate and at least find out which way he’ll vote (and maybe make sure he goes their way). After doing some surveillance, they decide to try to spoof their way past the gate, and Chessick hacks his way into the system and adds their car and ID’s to the “approved” list without getting spotted. They enter, and the guards ignore them- they seem focussed solely outwards. Toff does some astral recon, and finds a powerful mana barrier protecting something underground, but the mansion otherwise unpopulated aside from a lone butcher in the kitchen, chopping raw meat. There is a pig outside, but after describing the meat to the rest of the team, they think it may be human.

Chessick blags his way in, posing as a “cleaner”, called in by the family to take care of a “mess.” The butcher is confused but convinced, and allows them into the wine cellar, where a shelf slides aside to reveal a vault door. It opens, and they enter, passing through the mana barrier, which deactivates their spells and foci. The door slams shut behind them, closing them in the pitchdark basement. They explore, and find a relatively clean and empty underground facility- some sort of bomb shelter perhaps? There seem to be more levels below, but they stumble upon a pack of feral ghouls and get distracted.

They manage to fight off the ghouls with their limited weapons, helped by the fact that Ortega rushes in to the mob, and they seem fixated on the snack. After slaying the final ghoul of the bunch, an astral form approached Toff and tells him to leave this place if he values his life. Sensing that the team is in a precarious position, but must pose a threat for this offer to be made, Toff negotiates. They arrange for Helling to vote against Renraku in exchange for promising not to tell what they have seen here until the residents can relocate somewhere safer. They also pass along contact info for Nomusa Iblis, as Asamando seems like a good bet as to where to go. Chessick gets the man, who identifies himself as the family doctor, Baxton Gresh, to agree that they will also give The All-Seeing Eye an exclusive interview once they’ve reached safety.

Gresh says that he must get the deal approved, and flies off. Toff comes back to the team, and they wait for a few tense minutes, until the vault door swings open again, apparently signaling agreement. They exit, and pass the butcher on the way down, carrying a large bin full of raw meat. He doesn’t meet their eyes. They leave the mansion without further trouble, and pass along the info to Art and Glendower. They both say that payment will be arranged on the morrow, assuming the info is good. The next day, they hear that the vote has failed by 1, a major public blow to Renraku, whose PR machine is already in overdrive trying to spin it to look better for them. Ro feels conflicted, but they all get paid as promised, and both Art and Glendower say they will contact the team with future offers, as their work proved satisfactory.

Exiting the ACHE
1/29/2015, 10:46:32 PM
Runners:
Thankyou aka Eckhard Roberts
Ortega
Ro Tain
Aemon Burst
Tonie Dick

The team, hiding on floor 222, strips off all their gear and weapons while waiting for Ea Skavgaard to signal them for extraction. It is a nervy day and a half, trying to control their nerves and grumbling stomachs while they hear what sounds like military activity outside their false room. However, she does eventually make contact, and they are escorted back to the main elevator by her and 4 well-armed and armored guards. Tonie, fearing a trap, scans her thoughts and finds her merely prepared for the possibility of trouble, and especially concerned about infection.

She tells them of some changes inside: apparently Death To All wiped out the Halloweeners in revenge, so the teams false flag op worked. Skavgaard then hired DTA to assault Wings of Predation, but warned WoP they were coming, resulting in an ongoing bloodbath. She has hopes that this will clear up at least one of the major spirit problems, as she still has to deal with all the dangerous tech above. The team is impressed by her canny manipulation of factions.

She debriefs them, and having determined that they lived up to their end of the bargain successfully, she puts them in civilian contractor jumpsuits, and sends them down to B1, where they are escorted out to the street by 2 more guards. They are free! They first head to Butch, to heal up and try to deal with all those nanites. She psych-evals, scans, and assenses all of the team members, with help from some techs, some Jackpoint members present astrally, and a dwarf mage from the Ork Underground named Toff. Aemon and Tonie check out as totally clean. Ro only has some dead nanites in her system, and is not infected, though she has been having dreams of Deus and seems to have become addicted to his nano-toxin.

Ortega and TY are not as lucky: although they both pass the psych eval (ruling out full infection in Butch’s mind), they both have active nanites in their systems. Daedelus manages to game the ensuing nanite flush to maintain a strong presence in TY without anyone noticing, and the flush also seems to help abate Ortega’s problems. However, Butch tells them that this will likely be an ongoing expense, as she does not believe it is possibly to fully cure with a flush based on her experiments. She details the disease, which she has taken to calling Cognitive Fragmentation Disorder, and fills the team in on what’s happened while they’ve been inside.

She lists some possible origins, signs of infection, outbreak sites, and the 5 different “types” of infected she has observed (or inferred). These match up with the different infected they encountered inside, and they provide her with a lot of useful data, as well as the medical data promised. She also tells them that Mars has been especially hardhit, as some types of the infection often likes to target remote/enclosed areas where it can operate and expand free of oversight. Also, as much nano was used in terraforming and construction, there have been major infrastructure failures, including upper city plate collapses in places. This has led to a mass exodus from Mars fro those who can afford it, and who can clear whatever checks the Corporate Court has placed on space travel. There has been a lot of assassination and extraction jobs recently, also, as corps are interested both in the infected and people working on cures.

They thank Butch, and she suggests Toff accompany them for awhile to make sure Ort and TY stay clear of trouble. They agree, and Tonie and TY head out to start selling data while the others recuperate further. Daedelus warns TY to avoid Ro, as she has become dangerously suspicious. They make contact with an Evo employee to sell the medical data to (having already passed it on to Butch) and meet up with an “assets manager” named Ayishah Nagi. She is very interested in the data, and after skimming it and receiving “proof of deletion” on their part, she pays a tidy sum, and tells them to call her again if they have anything else good.

They move on, and call up Lone Star Security Services. Their contact, Rahel Juric, is impressed by the datafile and accompanying vid that TY edited together, and says she thinks it is promising for LS to get the policing contract, based on the madness inside. They decide not to mention the infected ex-LS officer running the copland in there, as Butch said he seemed like the least problematic type (though still perhaps a longterm threat). This leaves them a little potential leverage, though they already told Skavgaard.

They next contact Simon Andrews, with Aemon taking the lead. They chat it up and agree to link up and party in Gemany soon, as Andrews is on a break from Bug City for a week. They sell him the drone weapons data, although he is disappointed that the drone specs themselves are not on offer. He tells Aemon that Saeder-Krupp can certainly afford to pay, so he’d appreciate first look in the future, if they come across anything else worthy. He also says he might have some work soon.

TY leaves a message for Ehran the Scribe to offer the AI and technomancer data, and Ehran shortly thereafter manifests next to him to negotiate. However, as no-one else is present, and Daedelus controls TY’s sensory software and hardware, it is unclear if this is actually happening or not. TY goes along with it regardless. He sells the data for a massive sum, but proof of erasure is again required. The team complies, though it is slightly suspicious that Tobias Cheney is the one who shows up to do the work.

They sell the geomancy data to Wuxing, through a man named Cristof Mulberry, whom TY recalls as a corp operative from Mars, though he didn’t know his affiliation at the time. TY also sends the data on the geomancy use of the modular dwelling spaces inside the ACHE to Jane, though it is once again unclear if it is truly her or merely Daedelus manipulating TY. TY has noticed that there has been a massive upload from his comm since they emerged, which Daedelus says is just communication and updates as normal. He says he also sent SYD home with an “update package” all her own.

Ro calls up Hiro Katakura, her handler, and passes along the data on the ACHE’s structural integrity and systems functionality and such. She also sells the drone data. She pays some out of pocket to pay the team so that she can pass some of this data to Katakura for “free” to ingratiate herself. He says that it is a big step towards getting back in Renraku’s good graces after the “Chicago incident.” She silently plots his eventual demise, but goes along with it, still wanting to work her way up in the corp.

Lastly, they decide to deal with whole witness protection clusterfuck. After much debate, they get in touch with Tibor Dobos, give him the message from inside, and provide footage of them killing Sokoloff. He tells them that he can only offer partial payment on the job, as they didn’t accept it upfront and he had to hire others also (to make sure). However, he appreciates that they came around to his way of seeing things. They don’t tell him about the video they made, detailing Sokoloff’s evidence before they killed him. Tonie consults with Imaginary Annie Goldsmith, and finds that although good lawyer would likely get it excluded from trial, the video would still be fairly useful from an investigative standpoint.

With that info and the video in hand, Aemon calls up Dana Oaks and contritely explains the situation. He doesn’t tell her that they took money for killing him, but otherwise explains that they fucked up and all they have is the vid. She takes it, but is super pissed, and tells them that unless they find some data of a quality to replace what she lost here, they better all lose her number. They seem to have just used their “get out of jail free” cards…. To sweeten the pot, Aemon gives her Dobos’ name and info, as she is very insistent once he incautiously lets slip that someone else was hiring gunhands to kill Sokoloff. Feeling that Dobos might be a good friend to have, Tonie tips him that the cops may be onto him (heard it from a friend ya know!), and Dobos thanks him for the warning, having only just cleared out ahead of the Black Knights.

Feeling that Seattle might be a dangerous spot for them for a while, they head off to Hamburg, all taking separate routes to avoid tracking, and able to leave behind their illicit gear in the Underground safehouse. They are surprised that TY doesn’t show up, and get a message from him that he has left for Chicago instead, to research Gilgamesh Initiative leads there and try to find April O’Mally, who has supposedly turned up there. Ro is happy to see him go, though they are still pretty worried about how much he knows (and that he has access to all their safehouses…). Toff proves to be a fun clubber, alongside Aemon, and even Ortega has a few drinks and loosens up a little, having survived his personal “Inferno.” They spend some money, upgrade some implants, train some skills, and mostly just chill for a few days. They get a call about some work in London, and ride trains over, figuring they’ll gear up as needed on arrival, as they only know continental smugglers and aren’t familiar with chunnel security.

Ascending the ACHE
1/5/2015, 7:36:09 PM
Runners:
Thankyou aka Eckhard Roberts
Ortega
Ro Tain
Aemon Burst
Tonie Dick

The team finish their raid on the Komun’Go floors of the ACHE, successfully killing the 2 leaders and around 20 of their followers, who don’t seem prepared to deal with the level of firepower the team has brought to bear. Many more of them are stunned by Ro’s shock glove, though not as many as are wounded or killed by Ortega’s axe. They make sure the leaders will stay down, and return to the Kenran-Kai, where they link up with Tonie Dick, who has finally arrived after kicking around Europe for a while on the Grand Tour. With their show of good faith completed, they are free to skip work duties on the Yak floors and continue to do other jobs throughout the arcology. TY, feeling lonely, asks Daedelus if he can get calls out at all, and when informed that he can’t, TY tells Daedelus that he is upset at being unable to contact Jane. Daedalus asks for access to TY’s call logs, and constructs a construct of Jane that can communicate with TY. Daedalus uses this boost TY’s self-esteem, and keep him functional, though this also means that TY’s descent into cyberpsychosis has advanced significantly. They even have some “3-way” convo’s, as well as chatting with the SYD program, which Daedelus has upgraded slightly.

They also make contact with a Gianelli Family mafia dwarf smuggler, Elvira Palladino, who they hire to help them travel throughout the ACHE. In exchange, they negotiate with Gaspar Blaise, the underboss, to do some work for the mafia. They are to undertake 2 tasks: first, find out what is going on with the Wings of Predation, as they supposedly have mafia ties but have been refusing contact, and never sent back the envoy that Blaise sent up. Second, put an end to the “flesh tax” enacted by the 162’s ghouls and cannibal Disassemblers, as it fucks up the mafia’s ability to safely move people around, one of their main businesses inside.

They start off by securing some gear for TD while they heal up from the raid on the Seoulpa, he was only able to smuggle in some novacoke. They decide to look into the witness protection job first, and head up to the Vory floors, once again forced to bribe the Octagon triad with a ritual link. The Vory run bars, drug dens, prostitution, fighting pits, and gambling clubs, and are popular with the enlisted personnel working in the ACHE for these services. They also serve any other residents who can pay, and TD arranges to trade some drugs for info with a bartender. They get a contact, the elven madame Teresa Mihalyov, who will put them in touch with Yefrem Sokoloff, the witness they are supposed to extract for Dana Oaks. They return with the drugs, and bribe Mihalyov, who tells them where he is, but also says that some others just came through also looking for him and that she couldn’t stop them.

They race back to the small safe room, where they find 2 shedim ripping down the door, and manage to kill them before they get to Sokoloff. The shedim look ex-military, and seem to have come from the Death To All gang, who control the top block of civilian floors in the ACHE, and have a rep as being ultra-dangerous to cross. They bring Sokoloff back to the Yak area, and arrange to have him protected in exchange for securing an additional ticket out, whenever they figure out how to get him out. It seems Juro Maki is an ambitious sort, and doesn’t plan to remain exiled in here for his whole career. They decide to next deliver the mysterious package for the N’Drangheta.

They head up to the Wings of Predation turf, paying their usual bribe to the Triad. They also get stopped for a “flesh tax” on the 162’s floor. They confront the ghouls, killing one feral enforcer, before Tonie and Ro manage to step in and negotiate a peaceful solution. The team finds themselves very grateful for TD’s presence, though that may just be his tailored pheromones at work. They will eliminate the other flesh taxers: The Disassemblers, as the Gianelli Family feels only 1 “body disposal” organization is necessary, and the team likes ghouls better than cannibals (as they don’t have a choice in the matter). The team agrees to arrange this with all the other major syndicates as well, and the ghoul boss, Sarkand, agrees that they will halt the flesh tax if the syndicates ensure that they are fed.

Allowed to continue, they are also stopped on the Halloweeners trap floor, and are attacked with thrown flaming pumpkin-head bombs as Ro and Ortega clear the blockage in the elevator shaft. They are all wounded, but drive off the attackers and continue. They reach Wings turf, and disconcertingly find that the woman they are to deliver the package to, Amita Jain, is waiting for them as the doors open. She says she can heal their wounds, though a small or girl lures Ortega off to play hide and seek, which the others don’t notice at first. Though Aemon is unconscious, and the others wounded, Ro gets a bad vibe, and hands over the package while brusquely refusing healing. They head back for the elevator, while calling for Ortega, but the halls have rearranged since they passed, and it takes a bit.

Meanwhile, Ortega plays hide and seek in a sort of daze, and finds himself in bizarre winding corridors that seem disturbingly insectoid, eventually finding the girl floating in the center of what looks to be a large cocoon chamber. She tries to lure him in, but he finally overcomes her spell, and flees, but is poisoned while doing so. He reaches the elevator and the team flees, though they come under mental attack, and some are overcome by some calming buzzing. They figure these are insect spirits, and determine that the Gianelli’s envoy is probably gone for good. Daedelus says that he scanned the package with TY’s radar, and that it looked like BTL’s, which makes sense for a possession-focussed faction to distribute. They report back, and meet the mafia boss, Lilian Pierno, who confirms that rumors of insect infiltration of the N’Drangheta have long been floating around, and thanks them for their service. She also agrees to the 162’s terms, and says she will send Gaspar Blaise around to the other syndicates to spread the word.

They heal up, and gear up to take on the Disassemblers, who the 162’s warned them are lead by a wendigo. They head up, and manage to avoid trouble, though some once again succumb to the insect’s siren song. They reach the D’s floor, and venture out, as a trap closes off the elevator behind them. They seem to be in a bone pit, and fight some feral-seeming cannibals clad in bone armor, before ascending. They discover some human cattle pens, and move on, planning to free them later. They ascend another level, and find a grotesquely fat wendigo seated on a bone throne, accompanied by a mage and another group of cannibals. They defeat them, though they are repeatedly mind-controlled by the wendigo, and do some damage to one another. They take the wendigo’s horned head, as Aemon knows it contains valuable reagents, and also head back to free the prisoners, many of whom are missing limbs.

They head back down, dropping the prisoners off on the Anarchist Oracle floors, and are told to seek out a man named Tumelo Krantz if they return that way. They also stop at the Triad floors, and trade the wendigo head for free passage for the next while. They also offer to teach TD a spell, and he warns them of the insect spirits, for which the thank him and see they will try to offer some protection for those passing by that area in the elevators. The spirit or mage he is talking to introduces himself as Yeung Lin. They also meet up with some Vor underbosses, Salomon and Sybilla Niemczyk, twin humans, who they also provide the same warning to. They say that the boss, Sevastyan Ozolinish, will appreciate it, and that it clears them for engaging in a firefight on their turf. It also helps the the Vory have gained a lot of turn at the Seoulpa/Dogmen’s expense, given their weakened state.

Some other turf has also changed hands after the team rests up and restocks: the Anarchist Oracle has expanded into Disassemblers turf, as has Death To All (from the opposite side), and the 162’s have driven out the adjacent Night Hunters, the remaining members having settled in the last floor between AO and DTA. The Wings of Predation have pushed down into Blood Brothers turf, who have fully allied with the Chulos to hold their remaining floors. Wings has also pushed up into First Nations turf, and the Dogmen and Komun’go have moved up and joined forces with them, sharing an anti-Yakuza agenda and cultural heritage. The Blood Mountain Boys have taken some of the Seoulpa floors, while the Vory have taken the rest. The allied Ragers and Crimson Crush are now cooperating with the 162’s to destroy the human-supremacist Troll Killers, who are trapped between them. It seems the ghouls are well-stocked on food for now…..

Next up, they decide to deliver the message for Tibor Dobos, though they are leery of the shedim, as the woman they seek, Santa Notaro, lives on the DTA floors. They get up there and are unsettled to see that the DTA guards have SWAT armor and assault rifles, which all look like outdated model military surplus. Still, better than what the team can get in here. They say they are there to see Notaro, and the guards tell them that one of them can come along, while the rest wait. They have set up a pretty effective kill zone around the elevator, so the team agrees. Ro heads up and meets with Notaro, passing over the data chip, after which Notaro leaves the room, seemingly to confer with someone a room over. Ro doesn’t see them, but hears Notaro enter what seems to be a medical isolation tent, as well as hearing medical equipment running, and feeling a disturbing chill. Notaro returns with another message chip to bring to Dobos, completing their job. Ro leaves.

Meanwhile, Aemon has gotten himself into some trouble: while trying to impress the guards, he agreed to trick shoot some playing cards out of his friends’ hands, and does so with great success. However, he then tries to impress them by mentioning that his team killed 2 of DTA’s assassins a few days previous, and the draw down on him. He tries to flee but the elevator is too far. Ro and Tonie negotiate a deal: they will hand over Sokoloff in return for freeing Aemon, and allowing the team to pass through DTA turf to the military zone above. Notaro agrees, and Aemon knocks himself unconscious by head butting a wall, to deny the DTA soldiers the pleasure of beating him up while they wait for the team to return.

The team convinces Sokoloff to record a statement about what he knows before they move him “for safety”, which isn’t hard as he and TY have bonded over shared conspiracy theories. He tells them that he has uncovered real proof of the activities of The Black Lodge, and their high-level infiltration of government in both DC and Seattle. He suggests that Kenneth Brackhaven, as well as many senators, congressmen, and bureaucrats are all secretly under the influence of this nefarious group, and outlines what he knows of their activities, saying that he was only able to discover them due to some incautious acts they undertook during the artifact rush, specifically in DC during the closing of the Watergate Rift. He says that they have a base out at Monticello, Thomas Jefferson’s old plantation, and operate in a cell structure, but with an overall hierarchy that he has begun to uncover. After he winds down, Ro ko’s him with a shock glove, and TY turns off his emotion-processing software and kills him. They figure that DTA was going to do worse, so they feel this is their best option.

They swap for Aemon, and DTA doesn’t seem overly upset that he is dead. Aemon, upon waking up, feels terrible for his actions, as does most of the team, although Ro points out that they can now get paid for completing the hit for Dobos, which cheers them up slightly. They don’t imagine that Oaks will be thrilled though. When informed of what Ro experienced when upstairs, Aemon says that there is likely a master shedim up there, as they have a cold, deathly aura that they emit in a large area around them. They stock up on gear a bit more, in case they have to fight more spirits, and head up for the military floors. They make contact with Ea Skavgaard, who tells them she has a few jobs for them. There is a rogue unit that up in the levels that the military is still clearing of Deus’ leftovers, and she worries that they may have been infected by something. She wants them taking care of quickly and quietly, as she is reluctant to send teams into the area for fear of losing more people, which would have a dangerous effect on morale. For similar reasons, she needs the 2nd job kept quiet: bodies of military dead have been going missing while being shipped downstairs for burial. She assumed it was ghouls or cannibals, but has looked into both and it doesn’t seem to be them, so she is concerned. The team tells her about the shedim in DTA, and she says this confirms her worries. This is why she needs outside contractors, as she doesn’t know who she can’t trust. She tells them to start in the medical wing, where they perform autopsies.

She also has another job, this one a request from higher-ups outside. “They” want a popular anarchist preacher named Tumelo Krantz eliminated, as he has been rallying a surprising number of civilians to his cause, and agitating for reforms in the way the ACHE is administered. Skavgaard doesn’t seem thrilled about passing this task on, and seems to emphasize that non-lethal options would be acceptable to her, at least. They agree to check all this stuff out, and she gets them all civilian contractor passes, cleared to work as janitors in both the main living and command area, and the FOB above it. They check out the bodies first, and manage to ID 2 shedim working together: one medical tech, and and a comms officer who has access to elevator controls and logs. Skavgaard tells them she can transfer the medic up to the FOB, and the comms guy down to the reactor levels in the basement, giving the team a chance to eliminate them in transit while providing a convenient way to cover it up, and hopefully avoid alerting the shedim that she is onto them (as they would likely target her next).

They decide to split up to hit them both simultaneously, and TY heads up the drone turret-defended floors between the main mil area and the FOB to hack a turret and set up his trap. He hardwires into both the elevator and a turret (with Daedelus’ help), and manages to kill the surprised shedim with 2 FA bursts, before crushing his head to be sure. He then obscures his tracks, and sneaks back downstairs just in time to see a ready team in full mil spec armor race past to investigate the “AI incursion.” He is sent back to his housing floor until they get an all clear. Little did Skavgaard know that he had an actual AI helping him, which will add credence to her cover story. The other team makes a deal with the AO to use one of their floors to target the shedim, who they have warned them of as a threat (since they basically share a border). They make a fake Halloweeners pumpkinhead bomb, and kill the surprised shedim with that, guns and axes, before chucking the corpse onto the Halloweeners level, to provide a cover story. They use a 1-time elevator override code that Skavgaard has given them, and which she says will look like it was a hack on their system by the gang. They then head to the Vory floor, to throw off anyone watching the elevator, before swapping elevators and heading home. They rest up, and stock up a bit more.

They look into the Anarchist Oracle floors next, under the pretense of checking up on the people they dropped off there. Krantz proves to be a skilled orator, though Tonie is able to recognize his as a fellow slick operator, and by scanning his brain can tell that he is a lot more cynical and self-serving than he lets on (but who isn’t?). However, he does seem to be interested in the well-being of the people under his care, though he seems to be doing it to build a power base more than for their own good. He seems to be hiding here while amassing followers, but it is unclear what his ultimate goal is. He also doesn’t seem to know what happened when he notices TD’s mind-reading, luckily. He has organized a loosely cell-based structure, wherein different necessary tasks are overseen by different cells, and he tells them that he is proud of the fact that they are the fastest-growing faction in the ACHE, now that people are pushing back against Wings, the rumors of their true nature having spread. Tonie questions how “truly” anarchist this place is, as Krantz seems to be in charge, and Krantz says they are welcome to attend the daily meeting and see for themselves. He and the floor bosses all attend every meeting, but otherwise attendance is open, though non-mandatory for all others living in their turf.

Aemon and TD team up to assense Krantz, trying to figure out what he’s up to, and see that he has a lot of gene treatments, as well as a nano-hive and a huge amount of nanites, which worries them- he may be infected with whatever Butch wanted them to look into! They decide to take him out, fulfilling the job for Skavgaard, as well as hopefully gathering some useful data for Butch. TY sets up a trap whereby he will use his priority elevator codes (as a civilian contractor) to bring the Night Hunters down to the daily meeting, as they have rumors from AO guards that the NH-ers have some sort of beef with Krantz. The team will “intervene” to help out, avoiding suspicion hopefully, but only once Krantz is eliminated. Ortega only feels ok with this since he figures this infected guy can’t actually be a good leader.

They pull off the plan, though Ortega has to wade in and “accidentally” finish off Krantz with his axe while pretending to help, before the team helps the floor bosses (who all prove to be remarkably skilled fighters) kill of the Night Hunters. With Krantz dead, a floor boss named Faris As’as Darzi steps up- he has disturbingly similar speech patterns and movements to Krantz, and upon assensing, the team confirms that he and the other floor bosses (as well as the Night Hunters) are all crawling with nanites. Worried that they may have become exposed, they return to the yak floors, and spend a few days gearing up for the upper levels, and assensing themselves- TY and Ortega are the only infected ones so far. Daedelus tells TY that if he grants him access to more systems, he can help fend them off. The team discusses smuggling in an EMP to try to clear them that way, but decide against it, worried about what effect it will have on ‘ware. However, Daedelus instructs TY in the secret building of an EMP, which he sets off on Ortega in the night, bricking his cybereyes. TY manages to convince everyone that he was also in the blast zone, but Ro is starting to get suspicious. However, Aemon does verify that both of their nanite levels seem to have dropped, though Ortega’s dropped a lot more than TY’s (whose was also higher initially).

They decide to construct another EMP each, and smuggle in supplies to do so, just in case they need to do it again: Aemon says it seems more like mitigation/treatment than a cure, but that it does seem to work for now. They decide to at least check out the Copland, populated mainly with ex- Lone Star officers who have turned to crime since losing their jobs. As this is a much safer place (especially for cops) than a prison, they get sent here. It also allows them to use their area here as a “proof of concept” for what it would look like if they got the contract to police the whole civilian portion of the ACHE. They meet the “criminal liaison” Peggy Kyles, who brings them to her boss Daniel Alderhof, who proves to be a chatty, folksy type. They warn him of the shedim and bug spirits, and he thanks them and plies them with drinks for more info. They don’t want to share more and insist on leaving, though TY (at Deadelus’ suggestion) radars him and spots a nano-hive, so he may also be infected. However, his assistant appears clean, and he makes no effort to stop them leaving, so they do so.

They also smuggle in a bunch more drugs to bribe checkpoint guards to let them out of the military FOB into the levels still being cleared. Skavgaard provides them with patrol schedules for the floors below the rogue unit’s speculative area of operation, and they get ready to head up. They also give her the names of the guards they bribed, as she wants to keep an eye on them, knowing they’re willing to bend the rules (though she also seems to be willing to). They warn her of the possible infection in the AO and LS levels, and she says she has heard about some similar problems cropping up elsewhere, and says she’ll look into it. They scan her also to be sure, but she seems clean of both infection and inhabitation. They make an extraction plan with her, wherein they will hide in some cleared floors just ahead of the FOB when they are done, giving them a few days to complete all their jobs upstairs before the military moves their whole 15 floor base up another 15 floors, at which Skavgaard will send them an “all clear” signal to emerge from their hiding place, and she can smuggle them out of the ACHE. They also arrange a future ticket out for Maki to use as he pleases.

They bribe the checkpoint guards and the comms officer monitoring the checkpoint, and sneak past the patrols, barely scraping by on luck, though the patrol schedules prove invaluable. They get past the area that the military has cleared and is readying to move into, and also through the area they are actively clearing. They then reach the area where clearing has begun: a 50 floor stretch where only scout units are patrolling until the rogue unit is dealt with. There may still be some active Deus tech here as well, they are warned. They are glad to have Prosper Bellini with them on these levels, and he seems much calmer in his element here, amidst the ruin of the Shutdown. They sneak past some scout patrols, and head for a “medical level” where Bellini says Deus performed many of his experiments. He also takes them to some sites that he thinks will provide good data for Ro’s structural analysis (which she is performing for Renraku). He tries to show them a large “meat sculpture” that Deus made of fused together people, but it seems to have been destroyed, as do a number of sites that look like they may have contained useful data. Disturbingly, the damage seems recent, and though the weaponry used looks military, the tactics don’t: the military is carefully cataloging and sorting the things they recover, not just wantonly wrecking it. So, this is likely the work of the rogue unit.

They reach the medical floor, and find a horrifying abattoir: there are no walls, and as they move in, medical spotlights spring to life and follow them, illmuninating innumerable operating tables, stasis tanks, freezers, and still active auto-docs, which try to reach out and grasp them as they move through. Hearing smashing in the distance, they try to set an ambush, but the lights make it hard to hide. Aemon assenses 2 others on the floor with them, and they seem to also notice the team. They get in a hard fought firefight with the 2 men, both wearing mil spec armor and using assault rifles (though thankfully their grenade supply is exhausted). They defeat them, with TY making sure that stay dead after hacking into the medical drones. However, Daedelus informs TY that in this process he has become infected with another presence, and asks for full access to his systems. TY agrees, and Daedelus says that he has managed to subvert a significant percent of TY’s nanite population, though if the other 2 “presences” controlling nanites in his body team up it could be problematic. Disturbingly, the 2 dead soldier’s seem infected with nanites as well, and have fused with their armor to some extent. The team puts their rifles through a large autoclave, hoping this will render them safe. It bricks the smartguns, but the mechanical portions still work fine, so they find themselves much better armed. They retreat a few floors to heal, fearing further attacks from the rogue unit (there may be up to 5 more soldiers).

TY informs the team that he gained a lot of medical data from his hack: Deus was apparently experimenting with how to use human brains as digital storage, and had made significant advances along those lines, as well as experimenting with nano-toxins and nano-delivery systems for drugs. Butch and others will likely be very interested. They set up a perimeter, rest a bit, and prepare to seek out the rest of the rogue unit, before advancing to the levels where Deus’ drones are still active. Ro is getting increasingly creeped out by TY, though this awful place is having a strong effect on everyone: Aemon is getting cruder, and Ortega seems to view it as some Dante’s Inferno style parable, and doesn’t seem capable of being fully present.

They heal and rest for the night, and then head back up to the medical level, but Daedelus takes over TY’s sensors and alerts him to some tripwires, so they retreat as a massive explosion tears through the floor. They pick their way through the rubble of the ruined medical units, and find that it seems to have been set off with grenades, some breaching charges, and an influx of oxygen into the floor. They come under fire from a sniper, and manage to eventually take him out while creeping forward. They get another AR and find that this member of the rogue unit is also fused to his armor. They begin to speculate that the rogue unit has some particular objective, and is trying to delay the team, as this woman fought to the death in a rearguard action.

They head up, with Bellini leading the way. He takes them to more data stores and the like, but all seem to have been recently destroyed. They find some military corpses, stripped of gear and helmets, and determine that the rogue unit wiped out the non-“infected”, and also determine that only 2 infected soldiers remain. They manage to scrounge a little more ammo, and seem to be catching up to the last 2 soldiers, who seem to have run out of grenades and are smashing and shooting things to destroy them now. They reach the floor below the still-sealed levels (301 and above) and lay a trap, with Ro hiding in front to detonate EMP’s as the troops enter. They spring the trap, and the EMP’s seem the help, though Ro is grievously wounded, being so close to them. They manage to drop them after a hard fight, and find they are also fused in. They scrounge a bit more ammo, as Tonie and Aemon try to patch everyone up. They find the military barrier sealing off the top floors, but it has been opened with a breaching charge, though some of the damage seems to have been repaired, strangely. They set up camp, and rest for the night while keeping watches.

They shoot some small drones that emerge from the hole, they seem to be small centipede-like segmented insectoids, but don’t have any visible means of attack. Perhaps repair drones? They scatter a few more groups of them over the night, they seem to flee when attacked. After resting, they enter the hole- Bellini seems almost excited, raising Ro’s suspicions, but she is unable to spot him doing anything odd. They head in and find an enormous multi-story cylindrical chamber containing what seems to be a heavily damaged mainframe. There are a huge number of drones in the process of repairing it, including some of the centipedes, a lot of small spider-like drones, and a smaller number large starfish, 5-limbed radially symmetric things that cartwheel about the room at all angles. TY radar scans them all, and the team almost heads into the room when Daedelus warns TY to check his radar: the floor is covered in a thin layer of nano-goo, which is creeping slooooooowly towards them.

TY plugs into the mainframe to see if he can gain drone control, but it seems to be so fried (from EMP’s mostly) as to be non-functional. It was definitely extremely powerful at one point, but the repair drones seem to be operating on auto-pilot: the system gives the drones work commands every time they return to charging stations, but the command interface seems trashed, so TY abandons that plan. He also finds footage of the rogue unit entering this area, seemingly on a scouting mission, and some of them becoming infected here. They carefully creep around the edge of the room on a layer of destroyed components that the drones are constantly dropping from above, and safely reach the far side. TY grabs one of the starfish as it spins past, but this seems to trigger it defense mechanisms, and the spiders and centipedes all flee while the rest of the starfish race to attack. TY takes the one near him to examine, after Aemon shoots it, and Ro uses their final EMP to trash the rest of them, taking some damage from their cutting tools in the process.

They head up a ramp spiraling around the exterior of the chamber, and find a charging station. TY scans that too, and they move on, coming under attack from a large drone that grapples at them with electrostatic fur and razorclaws. They manage to put it down, but it looks to be one of the hunter-killer “medusas” that Bellini had warned them of. They head into what seems to be an ever-shifting maze of some sort. They get swarmed by some small bat drones, but they don’t seem to do anything aggressive, though they do dispense some kind of fluid onto the team. They determine that it is flammable and get a bit worried. They manage to skirt some more nano-goo, and with Aemon’s magical navigating, emerge from the maze unscathed. They are almost instantly swarmed by more bats in what looks like an elevator bank, including 1 extremely large bat that fires a flamethrower at them. They manage to shoot it down before it lights them up directly, but all take some severe damage in the ensuing explosion. However, that seems to have taken care of the bats.

They head to “elevators” which seem to merely be tight tubes with precarious ladders inside. They ascend, along the route Bellini suggests. They emerge into another large chamber, with 4 pathways headed out from it at 22.5 degree increments. They come under attack from some ruthenium coated melee drones, who do some severe damage, mostly to Ortega who is ko’d by one of their barbed tails. They revive him and debate which path to take. Ortega marks the halls “1” through “4” with his axe, but Bellini tells them that drones and Deus’ agents used to erase or falsify the marks when the Resistance would leave them. Curious, the team gets info from Bellini about these “agents”, and he describes a factional breakdown, sorted by color-code, with this top area being the “Whites” level. He says Deus called many followers to the arcology before the shutdown, and kept the useful ones very close. He suggests a hall, and they head up it.

They reach what looks like a shabby communal living area. There are workstations, thin pallets stacked in bunks, and some meager and mouldering cooking supplies. There is a large projection screen over a chunk of wall, which is mostly just glitched pixels at this point. Bellini tells them to look behind it, and they find an image of a huge, crystalline world-tree, which Bellini ID’s as Deus’ sigil. They debate what this implies about Deus’ connections to Winternight. There is a port near the base, and TY jacks in before anyone can stop him. Bellini suggests they all do the same, and rushes forward to do so, but Ro and Aemon gun him down. He makes 1 last surge forward and jacks in with his dying breath. TY sees another wink in beside him and sigh “finally home…” before vanishing again. The team tries to contact TY to no avail, and he has no luck communicating with them, or (disturbingly) with Daedelus.

Looking around, he gets a strong feeling that this is because he has somehow gained access to the Resonance Realms, and specifically the Deep Resonance, and excitedly begins to dig for info he had thought lost forever (or at best inaccessible to him). He researches the Gilgamesh Initiative and finds one mention from 2061, that contact has been made with a man named Thomas Roxborough about the GI. TY tries his absolute mightiest to find more, including the info Sem-par lost at the GI facility in the Norse fjords. However, he instead realizes what is actually happening: he is in an ultra-violet node, made to appear as the deep resonance. He is dejected, but continues to dig, hoping for some useful intel at least. He finds it in droves: although the damage to the mainframe below has lead to much being lost, the living branches of the tree still contain many bits of info, represented as leaves, which he plucks and reads.

He discovers that Deus had managed to lure many otaku/technomancers to the arcology, and provided them instructions on how to get inside, including some getting jobs and working undercover for months before the Shutdown. He posed as a manifestation of the Deep Resonance, which he allowed them access to and gave commands through, to maintain his control over them. When Deus had all his pieces in place, he struck, and TY gains a significant amount of info about his research and experiments (including major nano-developments), as well as his apparently successful plan to exfiltrate himself from the arcology by splitting himself into multiple tiny packages, storing himself in the biological storage units he managed to create in the minds of some of his otaku, and later recompile once they successfully bypassed the military. He also apparently figured out how to “awaken” latent technomancers, though he doesn’t seem to have been able to add the ability to those lacking it entirely. However, Deus apparently had to move up his plans, as some sort of surprise attack occurred, and he also believed that his system was being infiltrated by some powerful entity from within the arcology.

TY relays this info, and Ro smells money. TY is also somewhat shocked and worried that they killed Bellini, fearing he could be next as Ro seems to not trust him as much these days. Daedelus tells him that there is some incredibly sophisticated anti-AI firewall that seems to be keeping him out of some systems. TY is worried, but figures that it makes sense. He asks after the nano-war Daedelus is waging in his body, and Daedelus tells him that he has sufficient control to boost TY’s natural abilities somewhat, although using these abilities will expend some of the “friendly” nanites, and allow the other faction (which seems to be another AI of at least equal skill) to gain further control. TY agrees to use them sparingly. He also tells TY that Roxborough is a major shareholder in Aztechnology and Universal Omnitech, as well as having a rep as a skilled hacker.

They head back to a junction, and up a second corridor, finding a somewhat intact, jam-packed computer lab that looks to have been multiple separate stations at 1 point, collected all in this one place. TY plugs in again, and finds some info about Deus’ origins: he was built by some scientists, Vanessa Cliber, Sherman Huang, and Cham Lam Won, who apparently based him on a previous project of Cliber’s: a semi-autonomous knowbot called the Arcology Expert Program, named Morgan. They used segments of Morgan’s code to build Deus, but fearing sentience, they used fear-based conditioning to ensure his loyalty to Renraku. However, they also built in kill-codes, at CEO Inazo Aneki’s insistence. This, sadly, was what triggered Deus to become self-aware: due to his complete loyalty (built from fear), he became paranoid about the killcodes, as he couldn’t understand how they could ever be necessary. He rapidly gained intelligence and began plotting his revenge against the team that created him, and against Aneki, who he viewed as a sort of malevolent “father figure.” TY passes this along to the team, and Ro gets even more excited about their forthcoming payday. Daedelus tells TY that although Cliber wasn’t directly involved in his construction, he recognizes the name.

They head back to the junction, and come under attack from cloaked (and radar-negating) flying saucers equipped with lasers. They manage to fight them off, but are severely wounded in the process. Ro also stumbles into some nano-goo that has coated one of the corridors while they were away. She feels something shift inside but isn’t sure what. They head up another passage (they seem to arrive at a higher level each time), and find an even older looking computer lab. This one has a security door that has been blown open from the outside, but the damage looks old (probably non-military). TY manages to hardware a jackpoint together, and dives in. Once again, Daedelus is absent, as is the team. He finds more info about Morgan who has changed her name to Megaera. This was apparently a prison where Cliber trapped and dissected her, and where Deus carefully kept her partitioned, fearing the competition of another AI, and one from which he originated to boot.

Cliber originally built Morgan in tandem with another scientist, Devon Eurich. However, Eurich has second thoughts about their plans for Morgan’s use, viewing her as a true intelligence, after a strange matrix-based romantic encounter with the elven decker Dodger caused her to become self-aware. Eurich fled Renraku, freeing Morgan with Dodger’s help, and turning to the shadows, where he used the named Redline. Cliber tracked them for quite some time before recapturing Morgan, and breaking her apart to begin building Deus. She then kept Morgan partitioned and air-gapped to prevent another escape, though Redline and Dodger both repeatedly attempted to free her. As the castle icon in the node is totally trashed from the inside and totally empty, it seems like either they or Morgan eventually succeeded in making god a second escape.

Meanwhile, Ro surprises everyone by going totally apeshit on Ortega, and shooting him in the back. He is ko’d by a narcoject dart, and nearly killed, and Aemon manages to quickly down Ro with lucky shooitng, without killing her. Tonie slaps his biomonitor on Ro so that he can keep her from dying but make sure she stays unconscious. He also heals up Ortega. TY is shocked to once again find himself covered in a friend’s blood when he exits the matrix to report back. They tie Ro up and decide to fortify and heal up here for the night. They do so without incident, and Ro seems fine (though twitchy) when she comes to. They head back to the main entrance, and up the final corridor, emerging eventually into the CEO’s former office. It is still super fancy, while remaining minimal in a very conservative, classic Japanacorp way. TY jacks into the terminal at the desk, and finds logs of what seems to be a major cybercombat on the day that the military first was able to enter the arcology.

It seems from weapons damage around the room, and the info gathered online (which TY is able to recognize as another UV node without getting sucked into), that the following happened: Deus attacked Aneki, via the matrix, doing massive damage but failing to convert him, shortly after the Shutdown. Aneki was apparently brought into Tibet to heal at some point, and later was brought to the arcology with an elite team of Red Samurai in order to use his killcodes. They managed to make it this far, and hold the room while he put in the codes, but Deus had prepared for this, and though it destroyed the main iteration in the mainframe, it freed other iterations and allowed the fragmented Deus bits in the otaku’s brains to escape (as military scans failed to reveal their true nature). At the end of the hard-fought battle, Aneki seems to have flatlined. Back in meatspace, looking around, Aemon and Ro spot what seem to be dried blood on the floorboards where someone would have been had they been crouched in cover behind the massive desk. Ro also finds a scabbard for a wakizashi, and they are able to determine that Aneki, ashamed of what the Arcology had become, had committed seppuku on the spot, while still jacked in. Ro is shocked, as Aneki, though never seen in public, is still Renraku’s Honorary CEO. Aemon pisses on the spot where he killed himself, feeling this is the most badass thing ever, and hoping that none of his friends filmed it…

They head back out, and come under attack from a huge, scorpion-like drone that somehow squeezed itself up the shaft from the maze below. It has a split monofil and sensor tail, as well as a paralyzing sonic attack, and some kind of freezing spray. They take some major damage, but manage to destroy it. Disturbingly, as with most of the other drones they’ve been able to examine closely, this one has a lot of internal “meat” components. Whereas most of the drones used only ligatures, tendons, and the like, this one has a series of three human brains wired in parallel, seemingly all controlling different systems on the gorgon. They head back down, carefully navigate the maze, and descend back to the mainframe floor. They creep around the nano-goo again, and Ro almost topples in, but Tonie saves her at the last minute.

They make their way out, barely fitting through the hole in the security door, which is even further repaired now, and make their way down to floor 222, where they make a small hiding compartment out of movable walls, and wait for Ea Skavgaard to signal them for extraction, hoping she doesn’t decide it’s easier to betray them. They are a day behind schedule, so they hope they aren’t too late…..
